Desperate for a Story (part 1)

Autohr: Melody Alexi [2021]

This erotic little story includes pee desperation, dress-wetting, humiliation, subtle domination, and first-time sex. Please keep reading if these things are thrilling to you. 18+ Only.

Chapter 1

Katherine had two problems: in the short time Charles was patrolling the garden with ladies she needed to find a toilet and she needed to dig up any conceivable dirt on him possible.

And even Charles could only be distracted by husband-hunting gold-diggers for so long.

The money to spy on her ex-lover had been good. Working for rival newspapers had all been going swimmingly, and even made their love affair a little more exciting, until the owner of the RidgeCrest Tribune died, leaving his entire empire to Charles. When Charles made it his mission to destroy The Herald she hadn’t been able to stand him and his smug handsome face a minute longer.

Fight after fight broke out, and then they broke up spectacularly, complete with her launching a whole sponge cake at his head and him shouting into the street that she was a “traitorous leech.”

The invitation to this garden party had come from his mother and Katherine only accepted for ulterior motives. There were rumors he was engaged in a torrid affair with the wife of a prominent columnist in the big city, and while gossip wasn’t her usual area that story would be huge.

She waited until he was well into the garden, thronged by girls, and then tried to look casual as she darted to the door.

Charles used to make fun of her for needing a toilet every five minutes. Sometimes he even got a devilish gleam in his eyes, like he liked seeing her that way, and gripped her hand to keep her from darting to the bathroom or tried to make her laugh. He’d seen her nearly wet her skirts once, just barely making it to the washroom in time to avoid soaking herself…

She shook away the embarrassing memory and the strangely erotic little thrill that came with it, trotting up the front steps. She thought she’d escaped notice—until a voice rang out from the hall behind her.

“Kathy!”

She cringed, forced her most winning smile, and turned to face Charles’ mother.

“Mrs. Archer.”

“I didn’t think you’d come! I’m so glad you did.”

Katherine pressed her legs tightly together to stem her anxiety and the budding ache to relieve herself.

“It’s good to see you,” she took the woman’s hand and fought hard to keep her smile.

She could ask where the bathroom was to distract the woman, but that would be a stupid excuse since she’d been in this house a thousand times. She couldn’t think straight and didn’t come up with an excuse before the woman started talking again.

“Have you talked to Charles?” she asked eagerly, not letting Katherine’s hands go.

“I don’t think he wants to see me.”

“Nonsense, he misses you! He hasn’t stopped moping a day since he lost you.”

That was news to Kathy.

“He’s all Mr. hard-hitting-news-man and haughty-director outside the house, but you should see him when he gets home. Just smoking cigars on the porch and staring sadly at nothing.”

Katherine felt a strange helpless twinge and for a moment she couldn’t tell if it was just swelling need to find the loo or something like ache for Charles.

Mrs. Archer was notorious for revealing more than her son wanted her to reveal. And she wasn’t stopping.

“Of course he brings those little fortune hunters around, but they aren’t you and he knows it. You should see him mope when they leave!”

Enlightening.

But she couldn’t afford to be distracted for very long. Not when she felt a tiny hot trickle in her stockings and couldn’t tell whether it was sweat or a drip of urine.

“I was just heading for the bathroom,” she blurted, hoping she didn’t sound too desperate.

“Do get in a word with Charles if you get a chance, dear.”

“Yes. Of course. I’ll try.”

Looking satisfied, the woman let her go.

The Archer family was wealthy enough to have two opulent bathrooms. The first-floor bathroom door was closed but she tried the handle just in case. Locked. She quietly groaned, but now at least she had an excuse to get up the stairs.

She tried to take the stairs carefully, without putting any unnecessary pressure on her bladder, but every step came with an excruciating little pang of need.

She strode past his bedroom door… and saw that it was cracked open.

Damn. That was too good of a chance to pass up.

A feverish flickering of memories hit her, memories of stolen moments there. He’d never properly made a woman of her, not with his mother down the hall. But still, there had been many erotic fumbling encounters and nude moments stolen here. Now, sometimes, in the middle of the night, she regretted never going all the way with him.

She glanced hesitantly at the bathroom door, down the hall, and then crept over to check the hall window overlooking the garden.

A circle of ladies stood around Charles like a white-clad cult.

He was distracted. Now might be her only chance.

She didn’t have to go that badly, she assured herself. She might as well get her sordid errand over with.

She spread one hand nervously down the front of her skirts, as if to make sure she was still dry there. She was being silly. She could hold it.

The room looked exactly as it always had, if not slightly messier, with white shirts piled high in one corner.

His study was attached to his bedroom, and she started there. She flipped through the papers stacked on his desk. Nothing incriminating. But of course, he wouldn’t leave anything out here for the world to see.

She went to his bookshelves and flipped through in hopes of a hollow book. Nothing.

“Think, Kathy, think.” She’d once known this man better than anything.

She felt the damp heat growing between her legs.

“Almost done, Kathy, just find something. Anything.”

Then she spotted it— a safe. It was tucked casually beneath a side table and had a combo lock. She’d never seen it before. Maybe it was new.

She slid to her knees in front of it.

“Combo, combo…”

She tried his birthday. Then the day of his graduation. Nope. What a pleasant surprise he wasn’t that narcissistic. Maybe it was sad that she remembered this much about him. She told herself it was just because she was a reporter. She was just good at remembering dates in general.

She tried his mother’s birthday. Nothing.

She tried his first day at The Tribune, as well as his first day as editor in chief. She remembered the date he started working there because she’d had a front-page story break that day too, and they’d gone to a grand dinner to celebrate. She remembered the day he took over as editor in chief because it was the day the end began.

She hesitated for a minute, and then tried her birthday. No. Well, it had been silly to even think it. She tried the day the war ended, the day he enlisted, the day he came home…

Then another thought struck her.

As a last-ditch effort, she plugged in July 19th, 1912.

The safe clicked.

“Oh, really Charles, how embarrassing,” she blurted, even though she was pleasantly surprised.

July 19, 1912. They’d met out west, two intrepid young reporters covering a meteor shower. Before the war, before she was a devoted career woman and spinster. What were the odds of their paths first crossing so far from home, on the night of one of the most spectacular meteor showers in known history? Their eyes had locked, and their love affair began.

An uncomfortable feeling accosted her, and it was no longer just an increasingly desperate need to pee.

All this time she’d spent believing she was the only one who was hurting and now she was using her knowledge of him to spy on him. She was gathering information for a career-ruining story.

She was already lightly sweating, but she felt even hotter as she tugged a ledger from the shelf in the safe.

Nothing condemning that she could make out from pouring over the numbers.

She shuffled around among the papers.

She gasped— there was a ring box.

She flicked it open.

An engagement ring.

“Oh Charles,” she groaned. Had he deliberately planted all this sentimental garbage to make her feel like a deplorable human? She tried not to think whether it had once been for her and moved past it, face really on fire now.

Then she found a stack of envelopes. Letters.

She skimmed over the return address. “Mrs. Withering?”

Withering was the last name of her editor and chief.

She flipped into the first letter—and her jaw dropped.

“Holy hell.”

The letters were very steamy and very romantic on Mrs. Withering’s end. She talked of all kinds of things she’d love to do to Charles’ body. He had to be half her age at least! Of course, there weren’t any of the letters from his end so she couldn’t have any idea whether he felt the same.

But this could get explosive. Not in the way her employer wanted, for certain, but explosive.

She sat in front of the safe, ruffling through the letters, feeling increasingly torn every second. What did she do now? What had she been thinking even accepting this assignment?

All she knew now was that she wanted to cry and that if she didn’t get to a toilet soon she was going to be in trouble.

And then she heard somebody’s voice and footsteps thundering up the stairs.

She shot to her feet.

“Ladies, it’s been lovely.” The voice belonged to Charles. Charles was coming up the stairs. It sounded like he was trying to disentangle himself from his throng of admirers. Shit. Shit. Shit!

Katherine scurried to the cracked door and peered out. There he was, taking one lady’s hand in farewell and smiling at another, slowly inching away from them both.

She looked frantically around and hurried to the open bedroom window. The drop from it was too far and if she had to climb out a window there was no way she wouldn’t pee. She did not need him to catch her like that, climbing down the side of his house while she pissed. Or worse, fallen at the bottom with pissed skirts.

Shit!

She scurried back into the study, but there was no escape there either. And then she realized she still clenched the incriminating love letters in hand. She bit the back of her knuckle to distract from the panic welling inside.

And then she felt it.

The tiniest trickle, sliding down her leg, hot in her stockings. And it wasn’t sweat.

Oh, holy God.

She would not be able to survive the humiliation of being caught here with sopping drawers.

Then she heard Mrs. Archer’s voice ring out with something like irritation in it. “Oh, ladies! You’re still here.” And at the high-pitched sound of her voice, Katherine took advantage of the distraction. She dashed back into his bedroom, dropped to the hardwood floor, and slid under his bed.

“We were hoping to thank you for the invite, Mrs. Archer.”

“It’s been such a lovely afternoon.”

From the sound of it, the girls were scattering like sheep at the arrival of Charles’ mother.

The annoyance disappeared from Mrs. Archer’s voice a moment later. "Darling, did you see Kathy?”

“No,” he said blandly. “I must have missed her.”

“Well maybe you should call on her sometime,” she prodded.

“I’m sure I’m the last person on earth Katherine wants to see, Mother.”

Well, right now that was true.

But Mrs. Archer wasn’t relenting, and she gave a wistful sigh. “You two always looked so happy. I thought you’d marry the instant the war ended.”

“Before she sold her soul to Evan Withering?”

“I know you miss her.”

“I’ll see you for dinner, Mother.” And his footsteps continued down the hall.

And he was coming this way.

Katherine resisted the urge to audibly sob as she felt another hot squirt blossoming between her legs. Hold it, Kathy, hold it. He’ll disappear into his study and bury himself in his books and you’ll escape.

That’s when she realized there was an abominably large full-length mirror by his dressing table. And she could see herself in it.

Oh no.

She could only pray Charles wouldn’t study the reflection too closely.
