A Nice Wedding Gift-2

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-22)

Anila and I remained a happily married couple. In fact, it seemed the only thing that could keep up with our ever-expanding love was my wife’s ever-expanding bladder. Not only was it culturally ingrained in her that she should only relieve herself when she could no longer keep her struggling muscles clamped shut, but Anila began to realize just how erotic I found her to be, both when showing me her bladder’s prodigious strength, and when frantically trying to keep her pee in at the end of her holds. It became more of a point of pride for her than ever before to keep from showing weakness and expelling her dirty waters. We both loved pushing her limits. And Anila continued to be totally obedient to me. She would never refuse to obey anything I said.

As a member of a very affluent community, I was a part of many expensive and high quality clubs. Anila, being a very personable person, was quickly able to integrate herself into the normally-snobbish community, though she confided to me that she didn’t really get along with many of the people she met in more than a superficial way. This trend continued when she joined a women’s club focused on producing friendship and bonding amongst the ladies. Still, she enjoyed getting out and interacting with the women, so Anila went to every weekly meeting steadfastly.

After a few months of attendance, Anila came home excited and clutching a piece of paper. She handed it to me, and I read it over. Her group was hosting a weekend getaway to a spa some hours away. Unlike most of the trips planned by this club, they were going by bus rather than plane, as was their norm (I told you it was an expensive club), just to try something different. The second difference was that the buses afforded the ladies enough room that each could bring one guest with them. Many of the women had mentioned off-handedly about bringing their sisters, daughters, or mothers, but Anila had instantly though of me. It would let us go on a nice trip together, and give her the added benefit of showing me off to the rest of the women. Like I said, she was amazingly in love with me. I agreed to come with her, and soon it was the morning of the trip. It went Friday to Sunday, and as a result we were up at 6 am Friday morning to get to the buses, which were leaving in an hour.

“Michael! Do you have the bags? We must get going!” Anila called from the foot of the stairs. “Coming dear!” I called back, hauling each of our suitcases down the steps, out to the garage, and then loading them into our limousine. “So we’re ready?” Anila asked. “One more thing,” I replied, “I want you to use the toilet before we go.”

“But Michael,” Anila said, taken aback, “It has been just 12 hours since I last let my yellow water go. Surely you don’t think I am that weak! I will prove it to you, I will keep it back, I will-“ “Shhh,” I said, putting my finger delicately to her lips, “I don’t doubt your will or your strength. On the contrary, those qualities are the very reason I want you to take your relief now. I want you to last for the entire trip without peeing any more. It’s only fair that you get to pee now.” Anila’s eyes widened as she realized the challenge I had put before her. She smiled at me.

“Ok Michael. Let us see if I am able to complete this task. I love you and will fight my hardest for you.” With that, the love of my life walked into our first floor bathroom. And I smiled to myself, as even though Anila had just expressed to me that she was nearly empty, I heard a bursting piss emanate from the bathroom seconds later, lasting for over a minute. ‘Clearly,’ I thought to myself, ‘we have different standards for what constitutes needing to pee.’ I smiled again as she returned, and we took our leave.

We arrived at the shopping plaza where the buses were waiting for us at 6:45. Many of Anila’s acquaintances from the club were already present, and we went about and made small talk, with Anila introducing me to everyone excitedly. I noticed that I was one of the only men on this trip, as most of the women had stayed true to their word about bringing sisters, mothers, daughters, and even female cousins. I shook the hands of the few other husbands present, and we snickered to ourselves about feeling so out of place on this adventure. At five minutes to seven, a pompous and slightly plump woman of about 30 years of age began shouting from the entrance of the lead bus.

“Come on now! Let’s everybody take a seat please! We don’t want to fall behind schedule after all! Hurry please!” And with that she looked expectantly at all of us as we slowly ended our conversations and made our way over. Anila was taking a long time to finish up her conversation, and she hemmed and hawed when I tried to escort her to the first bus. Finally, when it was clear we were the last two left outside, she followed me. The pompous woman gave us an annoyed glance as we entered the lead bus and found the only seats left available near the bus’s rear.

“Who is that?” I asked my wife as we adjusted ourselves in our seats. She rolled her eyes at me. “That woman….ugh….she thinks she is the boss of everything because she is president of our club. Mary is her name. I cannot stand her. She’s just so uptight about everything….so I take it upon myself to not do what she says as much as possible!” Anila said, laughing at the end. That’s my woman. She’s got spirit, can’t deny her that. We tried to continue talking, but Mary began talking very loudly at the front of the bus as we pulled out of the parking lot. “I want this trip to be perfect for everyone, so we’re going to do a few things! We have a myriad of snacks and drinks, and I and a few other ladies will take the liberty of passing them out to whoever wants them.

I want everyone to be in complete comfort! And as you’ve seen, I’m sure, the buses here have no bathrooms in them. We sacrificed them for getting a comfier bus for you all. But I don’t want anyone in even the slightest amount of discomfort, so we’ll be taking a stop every hour on the hour so we can all relieve ourselves! Now, who wants a drink?” Mary began passing out diet sodas, ginger ales, and waters to whoever wanted them. Anila rolled her eyes again. “Really,” she said, exasperated, “every hour?? Who here cannot hold themselves for an hour?? She’s ridiculous, that woman.”

“You should let her know that you haven’t gone after each stop.” I told her laughingly. Anila put on a mischievous smile. “You know what Michael? I think I will haha!” We leaned back our seats to relax some, and Anila accepted a ginger ale from Mary with sarcastic grace when she came to us with the drinks. Mary didn’t notice, and we both giggled to ourselves after she’d gone.

We pulled into the first rest stop at 8 am sharp. “Ok people, everybody off! You have to stretch those legs you know! Come on, I’ll lead the way to the bathrooms for us ladies!” Mary yelled, waddling off the bus and into the small rest area. Most all of the women followed her, surprisingly. “Surely everyone in your club doesn’t have a weak bladder??” I asked Anila. “Oh no, I’m sure nearly everyone is fine. Mary just….she intimidates them. They want to keep her happy. So the follow her.” She replied. We made our way into the rest stop building, looking over snacks and waiting to return to the bus. I was looking at a particularly nice packet of gum when I heard Anila sigh, “Oh my goodness…that woman is unbelievable.” I rose up and turned my head, and instantly saw what Anila was referring to. Mary had evidently finished in the bathroom, and was now standing outside the bathroom door, trying to keep a running tally and make sure that every woman on the trip had used the facilities.

We gawked at her for about ten seconds, and then she turned her eyes in our direction and noticed us. Without any hesitation, she put her head down and powerwalked over to us. “Hello Mary, nice trip isn’t it?” Anila said quickly, cutting off Mary before she could begin. “Oh yes, yes, quite lovely! I was just wondering though….I noticed that you haven’t…” she leaned in closer to Anila and whispered, trying to make sure I wouldn’t hear, “used the bathroom here yet. We’re leaving very soon. Surely you’d like to get some relief? We women can’t always hold it as well as our big strong husbands, after all.” Anila nodded and gave me a glance before responding, at normal volume, “No, don’t you worry about me, Mary. I mean, I am a BIT desperate after this loooong hour of riding in the bus, but I think I can hold out until the next stop. Thank you very much for your concern though.” And with that we walked away, leaving Mary to smile and “Yes but…” all to herself.

We’d been to two more rest stops since that one, and each time Mary made a point to come over to us after she’d taken her pee break and ask Anila to come along and have one for herself. Then my great wife would make a show of crossing her legs slightly or bobbing up and down a bit, but would, in the end, insist that she could wait until the next stop. At the third stop Mary had tried to just take her hand and pull her to the restrooms, but my Anila was strong and would not budge, commenting that it was no worry of Mary’s, she would be fine. It took all I had to keep from bursting out with laughter when, following that stop, Anila asked Mary for another ginger ale. Mary’s eyes got all big and wide, and she whispered to Anila worriedly, “Don’t you think you should hold off until you’ve….you know, been? It’s a whole hour, and you’ve already drank a lot!” Mary pointed to the single empty can of ginger ale lying in the plastic bag we were using as a trash can.

Anila was resolute, however, motioning that, while it would certainly be a close call, she could handle just one more can of ginger ale. “Well, alright, but the minute we arrive at the spa hotel, I want you in a bathroom, young lady!” Mary relented. Anila nodded solemnly, and I don’t know how she kept from cracking with laughter until Mary was safely at the front of the bus. I’d seen her struggling more and more as the conversation went on to keep a straight face, and a tear had left her eye just as Mary turned her back, but Anila refused to break until she was sure Mary would not hear her.

We had just regained control of ourselves when we heard someone say “Gosh that woman is so annoying!!” Anila turned, and saw that this outburst had come from the skinny brown-haired girl in the seat across the aisle. The girl’s mother was asleep in the seat next to her, but both of us remembered being introduced to the girl as Jess, the 15 year old daughter of the woman Kathy, another in the club who Anila wasn’t too fond of. “Oh Jess, it is alright, she means well,” Anila told her. “Ugh, I just wish she’d stop making such a big deal about using the bathroom! I’ve went every time, and I don’t have to go!” A grin crept onto Anila’s face. “You know what,” she said with a conspiratorial whisper, “I haven’t gone at all yet, not since this morning, and I don’t plan on going any time soon.”

“Wow, yeah, I mean that’s how I feel! I went this morning, I shouldn’t have to go again for a while, not every single hour!” Jess agreed. “Well then, you know what you should do? Hold it next time. Just hold it until you can’t anymore, and then go. See how long you can make it.” Anila suggested. Jess’s eyes lit up. “Yeah, that’ll show her,” she said enthusiastically, “Good idea! I’m not gonna pee at all unless I really can’t wait any more!” And with that, she beckoned to Mary for a bottle of water to drink.

We got to the spa resort at 11 am on the dot. Mary wasted no time getting everyone checked into their rooms at the front desk, and afterwards apologized that it had taken so long (ten minutes) but that she would gladly lead the women to the restrooms immediately so they could “get comfortable again.” Anila and I began hauling our luggage to the elevator, but Mary discovered us out of the corner of her eye. Before we knew it she was next to us, this time imploring and begging Anila to follow her to the bathrooms. “My goodness, after all, it’s been sooooo looooong since you’ve had any relief for your poor tummy! You must be aching something fierce! Just come along with me dearie, we’ll make it all better for you. Your husband must be the real camel holding it still, but most men are, and we women….well, we need our comfort, isn’t that right?”

“Oh no, it’s really no trouble. I will go in my room, I promise.” Anila said to her, making a show of pee dancing and clenching her fists. “Well….I mean…if you’re sure dear….” Mary stuttered as we started to walk away. “The bathrooms are just inside the door to the left I’m told! You’ll be ok Anila!” Mary shouted to us as we entered the elevator. We could only sigh and smile as the doors shut.

No sooner had we entered our room than Anila began clutching at her crotch and shouting, “Oh no!! Michael! It has been over 5 whole hours! I am bursting! Please help me reach the bathroom dryly!” We began laughing hysterically, and I picked Anila up, swirled her around the room in my arms, and kissed her passionately. Before I knew what had happened, all our clothes were off, and Anila was on her knees before me, sucking my dick for all she was worth. Pleasure was radiating out of me as she expertly brought me to the edge of cumming. “Not yet!” she said, releasing me from her mouth, “I need to ride you first!”

She motioned for me to lay on the bed, but instead I picked her up and threw her on the bed, before going down and licking her clit violently, thrusting in and out of her sopping pussy with three fingers all the while. “Oooooooooh Michaaaaaaaeeeeeel!!!” she screamed. Then, I stopped. “Not a sound love,” I told her, before going back to work, but more slowly. Anila clenched her jaw shut in determination. It was a game we played, a game of control. I tried to make Anila scream out and moan with pleasure, and she tried as hard as she could to be silent.

Inevitably she would always break and lose, but my wife never failed to go all out to resist the pleasure and try to win. Five minute passed, then ten. My licking was slowly growing faster to meet the pace of my hand’s thrusts. Sweat was pouring off of my goddess’s body, but she stayed silent. Her face grew redder and redder with the effort it was taking. Her hair was a matted mess. Anila’s eyes rolled back into her head as she fought the pleasure building within her. This time she would not break. This time she would stay strong. Fifteen minutes. Twenty. Still she resisted. So impressed was I, that I almost didn’t want to break her this time. All of her muscles were flexing, both hands were over her mouth, and she was squirming on the bed, absolutely drenched in sweat, but not a sound escaped her mouth. I knew what I had to do.

Instantly I switched from fingering her and licking her clit to fisting her with my whole hand while sucking her clit. The effect was immediate. Anila began shaking, and I heard a sound coming from deep within her diaphragm. It built and built, and after no more than a minute of this torment my wife began to scream with pleasure through her hands. Her hips bucked as she came time after time, and I forced orgasms out of her for five long minutes. I looked at her, and she seemed spent, but I wasted no time in impaling her on my totally erect and bursting cock, making her cry out with pleasure once more. In minutes I was cumming deeply inside her as her pussy convulsed around me. Finally I finished and pulled out, and looked at my wife, my beautiful Indian goddess, drenched in sweat, panting, a smile on her face, and mine always.

We had been lazily going about our day together, just relaxing with one another, totally in love with the other, when there came a knock on the door. I dressed quickly while my wife covered herself with the bed covers, and I answered it to find Mary handing me a schedule. “As you know, there’s a lot you can do here, and as it’s almost 2 in the afternoon, I’d suggest that you…..that you….um…” She had noticed Anila, obviously naked in the bed. “Um…..take advantage of it….” Mary finished lamely, quickly excusing herself.

My wife and I exchanged yet another smile, and at her request I brought her a bottle of water from the mini fridge. It was her second since our latest sexual escapade, and after all the fluid she’d lost, I was surprised it was all she’d wanted. Seeing her drinking reminded me of my own need for the toilet, as I’d been without for around 8 hours, but Anila made me wait until 3 pm. 9 hours without relief and I was beginning to get desperate, and finally she let me go. “Relief for one of us at least,” she said, “At least now if Mary asks we can say that the toilet’s been used!”

We continued doing nothing in our room until 6 pm, when we both started feeling acute hunger pangs. We hadn’t eaten since snacking on the bus hours earlier, so it was no surprise, but still, summoning the willpower to get up was difficult. Finally, we made our way down to the dining area, where they offered a delectable menu of food. I ordered the steak, my wife the salmon, and I asked for a bottle of wine to share in addition to the water with our meals.

As Anila took a sip of water, I realized that it was now over 12 hours since her bladder had been empty, and asked her how she felt. “Oh Michael,” she said, “I am still fine. No urge, and I barely feel anything down there. The yellow water is staying in all weekend, remember? Oh, if Mary only knew haha!” To demonstrate her control, Anila sat with her legs open for the rest of the meal. When we got to the wine, I had but one glass, and Anila had many, until the wine was half gone. “We’ll save the rest for tonight,” I said, “don’t want you to fill up too fast now.” She winked at me, but agreed to the plan.

As we were about to get up and return to our room, Anila motioned to me, “Look over there.” I looked, and saw Jess, with her mom Kathy. They were waiting to be given a table, and Jess was fidgeting wildly. She was standing with her legs pressed firmly together, bending at the knees constantly, a worried look on her face, and sweat on her brow. Jess saw us staring, and gave us a smile and a wave, before pain etched itself onto her face as she dealt with another bladder spasm.

“8 hours.” Anila said. “Hmm?” I replied. “8 hours. She hasn’t been to a bathroom in 8 hours. She’s one that really needs it. No shame in going now.” Anila said back. “Not bad for a teenage girl,” I observed, and Anila nodded. We watched as the two women got to their table. Kathy began pointing angrily at the girl’s pigeon-toed stance, and then pointing in a different direction, which, when we followed her finger, led to the nearest bathrooms. Jess shook her head and began to sit down, but then she was overcome with a huge wave of urgency.

She stood stock still for about ten seconds, trying to last through this wave of pressure, but it overwhelmed her, and she nodded at her mother and began walking quickly and stiffly to the restroom. 4 minutes later she came out, looking extremely relieved. Jess looked at us again, caught our gaze, and shrugged her shoulders happily, while Anila gave her a silent clap of praise. Suddenly, a woman tapped Anila on the shoulder. It was another woman from the club, Sandra, and she whispered excitedly into Anila’s ear for a good two minutes before departing. “What was that about?” I asked. “Oh, some of the women are going out on the town tonight drinking and she wanted to invite me. I don’t know, I don’t really want to go though, they’re not really my type of people.” She explained. I smiled as an idea popped into my head. “You should go. Drink a lot, it’ll be a good way to fill up for tomorrow. Make things….more interesting.” I told her. Anila returned my smile and agreed to the plan.

At 8 pm Anila met Sandra and about 6 or 7 other women in the lobby, where they all talked excitedly and departed. My love looked ravishing in her low cut black dress and pearl necklace, not to mention her five inch heels. I waited back in our room for her to return, and she finally came stumbling in around 1 am. She was very drunk, but still mine, and she wanted to go straight to sleep. I let her, but not before feeling her abdomen, which was hard and swollen with the accumulated drinks of the night. My wife’s floodgates had been kept shut for 19 hours, despite constant bathroom opportunities and a good amount of alcohol. I couldn’t wait for tomorrow as I drifted off to sleep next to my iron-bladdered goddess.

We awoke slightly before noon, and thankfully Anila was feeling no hangover effects. That’s one thing I’ve admired about her. She’s tough, and she can certainly handle her fair share of alcohol. I noticed the large bulge of her bladder, unrelieved now for nearly 30 hours, but Anila assured me she was not desperate, just feeling the ache and heaviness. “It is a nice feeling actually.” She said. After getting her a bottle of water, I asked her about the previous night. “Oh, last night….my what an adventure,” Anila began, “We went out to a club….my gosh I don’t know how much I drank…loads definitely. I saw the ladies room line, with a lot of women who did not need to be there by their body language, and should be ashamed of taking relief so soon, especially out in public! But a few women really did need it. They were squirming and dancing around in their tight dresses. One even had her hands buried in her crotch!

And one other woman, who seemingly refused to hold herself, ended up losing control and wetting herself in the middle of the line! But anyway, after some hours the women, especially Sandra, realized I had not been to the toilet yet, while some of them had been 2 or 3 times! They poked and prodded me about it, so I told them of my prodigious holding abilities. I was drunk enough to admit that to them. They all started laughing hysterically, and then they took bets to see if they could get me to use the restroom before the end of the night.

The women kept bringing me drinks and going crazy about how my ‘iron bladder’ was holding it all in. I was so drunk that I was loving the attention and kept bragging about it. They even tried pushing on it to no avail. I would not be broken. Eventually we came back, and I told them I wouldn’t even take a piss before bed. Gosh, I’m not usually so vulgar, but I remember those exact words. I must have been so drunk… But I’m not sure how many of them really believed that, or how many will even remember!”

“As long as Mary doesn’t find out!” I joked. “Oh Michael…” she sighed, throwing a pillow at me.

Around 2 pm we decided to go to the spa’s pool. We could see it from our third floor window, and Anila recognized many of the women there as women from the club. We changed into our bathing suits, and as my Anila slid on her bottoms over her sexy, curvy ass, I became overwhelmed with lust and came up behind her, kissing her neck and thrusting my erect penis between her legs, against her fabric-covered vagina. “Ooooh” she moaned, dropping the bottoms to the floor and letting me slide into her tight wet hole.

I fucked her standing up for a good ten minutes while she fingered her clit to numerous orgasms, and then I pulled out and slowly worked my way into her ass, using her vast amount of wetness as lube. She groaned loudly as I stuck myself all the way into her, balls-deep. I began thrusting hard with no warning, causing her to shriek with pleasure. Her ass was so tight, and I was working myself up to a huge orgasm. My full balls were aching to release their load of sticky cum, but I tried to hold off as long as I could.

Alas, after five minutes of fucking her ass, I was at my limit, and Anila was shaking from her constant orgasms. I reached my hands around her as I thrust as deep as I could, fingering her with one hand and palming her distended bladder with the other. Feeling her rockhard, bursting bladder finally sent me over the edge, and I exploded into her ass. I swear my orgasm lasted half a minute before I was spent and took my softening cock out of her. Anila, sexual goddess that she was, immediately turned around and took me in her mouth, licking and sucking, all the while fingering herself to yet another orgasm.

Before long I was hard again, which I couldn’t believe given the strength of my orgasm just minutes before, but Anila was too talented with her mouth for me to stay soft. She deep throated me with ravenous intensity, and, though I once again tried to hold out, it was for naught. She was still fingering her clit, and as she finally rubbed herself to orgasm, her mouth clamped down on my cock even harder, and at the exact moment that she had me totally deep-throated. I shouted out as the cum erupted from my body a second time, and we both spasmed and shook with the pleasure of it all. Looking into each other’s eyes, Anila rose and we kissed intensely. “I love you,” we said simultaneously, before kissing some more. Finally we separated, both weak at the knees from the pleasure. “Whew…it’ll be good to get into the pool now, huh?” Anila said, and we both laughed.

We made our way to the pool, Anila in a skimpy blue bikini, I in my green swim trunks, and before we could dive into the water, Anila spotted Sandra sunning herself. She waved, and Anila waved back, going over to talk for a bit. I waded into the water when she returned to me ten minutes later. “She remembers parts of last night,” Anila told me, “and she couldn’t believe when she saw my bulge and I told her it was my bladder. She doesn’t know how I can be near water like this!” Without further ado, my love cannon balled into the pool. We swam and flirted with each other until 4, when Anila began to slow down, and I saw her concentrating while staring off into the distance. “Sorry,” she said when she noticed me, “I guess all this water isn’t helping my situation after all! It’s been 34 hours after all! I’m really starting to feel it.” We decided to towel off and eat something, and I saw that her bladder was becoming even more massive as we exited the pool.

After another gourmet dinner, during which Anila fidgeted occasionally, we went back to our room for a relaxing night of laying together naked and watching television. By 10 pm Anila couldn’t keep still, as 40 hours of pent up pee was begging to get out of her stretched bladder. But my love was resolute and continued to hold despite the pain. I found myself falling deeper and deeper in love with her as I saw her resolve to hold on, and on a whim I went and produced the half-finished bottle of wine from the mini-fridge. “Oh Michael….” She said, unsure, when she saw it, but then her love for me took over, “Of course I will drink it and still hold for you! I promised it and I will not let you down!” Anila began chugging down the wine, and had polished it off in 15 minutes.

Then she lay back down as I caressed her bladder. “Gently.” She moaned, and so I was gentle. Soon my hands found their way between her legs, and she was instantly wet as I began to work the folds of her labia. I took my time, building her up, letting her bask in the pleasure, and every so often pushing on her bladder in a way she found pleasurable. I began to lick her labia, before darting my tongue in and out of her pussy. My Indian sex goddess was rocking her hips up and down on the bed when I suddenly stuck a finger in her ass, making her moan loudly with the unexpected pleasure. Not missing a beat, I started flicking my tongue back and forth across her clitoris, and the moaning never stopped as I sent shockwaves of pleasure coursing through my wife.

I took my free hand and thrust three fingers into her dripping sex, being sure to rub along her g-spot with each movement. This combination was too much for her, and soon she was cumming as hard as ever against me, bucking up and down and screaming my name as she clutched whatever she could. After many minutes of this she came down from the pleasure and saw the rock hard state her display had put me in. Grinning, Anila took my cock in her hand and, after lubing up her hand with her own still-flowing juices, began stroking me sensually. She kissed me deeply and, when she saw I was close to losing my load for the third time that day, took my hand and placed it on her bladder.

“Feel it, push on it, do whatever you like, my love. For this is for you and your pleasure Michael, and I will do whatever you want for it,” Anila told me, looking right into my eyes. She stiffened and gasped as I immediately pushed down hard on her huge and filled bladder, but did not slow the pace of her handjob. I couldn’t handle the pleasure I was feeling, and began cumming in large spurts. As I came I squeezed down hard on her bladder, and Anila moaned long and loud, but kept her legs apart and her hand stroking my cock. The show of strength was amazingly erotic to me, and I continued to cum for many more seconds. Finally it was over. We were both so tired, and we quickly fell asleep, I drenched in my lover’s juices, and her soaked and sticky with my cum. Her massive bladder stayed shut.

We awoke the next morning, Sunday morning, and the first thing I noticed after shaking the sleep from my eyes was that my left hand seemed to be on top of a sphere of concrete. Throwing back the covers, I saw that my hand was simply resting on Anila’s bladder, which was positively swollen with piss. Next I looked at the bedside clock. “Ten o’clock…” I muttered. “Hmmm?” Anila muttered, slowly rising from her slumber. “Ten o’clock, “ I repeated, “It’s ten o’clock. That means you haven’t taken a pee in 52 hours!”

“Mmmmm, I could sure use one…” she said sleepily, pushing a hand between her legs. I smiled at her. “Not for a while yet dear. How bout some breakfast instead?” She smiled back and agreed. We got up, and Anila crossed her legs and wiggled around while putting on a black lace bra, black lace panties, and a stunning red dress. I dressed as well, hugged her tight, causing her to moan as her bladder was forced into me, and we left together for the dining area.

We ate our combination of eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, and hashbrowns, and drank copious amounts of juice, and all the while Anila was fidgeting in her seat. “What’s the matter dear? You seem stressed.” I observed with a grin. “Ooooh Michael I’m really bursting here. It’s hit me this morning, I’m so desperate to enter the bathroom!” Anila told me, wincing as yet another urge passed through her. “But honey, you’re not about to disappoint me and go pee, are you?” I asked with mock incredulity in my voice. My wife’s eyes went wide.

“Oh no, no, do not worry Michael! If you want me to keep this flood at bay, then I shall. It will be as difficult as anything, but I will not release it.” She told me, but she did not look confident. As we left the table, she had to do a pee dance to remain dry, and I couldn’t help but notice how much of a bulge she had under her dress. It was pulled totally tight across her abdomen, and Anila looked almost pregnant with pee. With small steps she followed me back to the lobby. “What are we going to do now? We still have some hours before leaving.” Anila asked me, speaking slowly, as her concentration was on other, more watery, matters.

“Well,” I told her, “we’re at a spa, right? It’s only fitting that on the last day we get some massages! Come with me.” Wincing in pain from her overwhelmingly full, desperate to release, bulging bladder, my Indian goddess followed me to the massage area located on the other end of the spa.

We got there and I signed us up for hour long massages while Anila sat and rubbed her distended bladder. They were scheduled to begin at noon, so we had some time to wait. Anila squirmed in her seat more and more while updating me on her condition, and I knew her muscles were getting very weak by the time we went to separate rooms for our massages. She had not taken a pee in 54 long hours, but I gave her a look as we went our separate ways, and she knew what it meant. She had made it this far, under no circumstances was she to release her pent up load without letting me see it. So no matter what, she had to hold it throughout the massage. Anila knew and accepted this responsibility, and she would never let me down or disgrace me. I trusted her strong willpower and sphincter muscles, but I knew they were getting a hell of a test. Putting it out of my mind, I settled in for my massage courtesy of a slim and cute Asian girl.

Anila was also getting a massage from a slim and smaller Asian girl who couldn’t have been more than 20. The girl spoke almost no English, but beckoned for Anila to strip and lay on her front to begin the massage. Anila groaned, knowing what was to come, but did so, groaning even more and pressing her legs together as her bladder was pressed down into the massage table. The girl had offered her a towel to cover herself with, but Anila was not shy about her body. Plus, she had more important things on her mind. The sudden increase in pressure was irritating her bladder into cramping and spasming, pushing desperately in an attempt to rid itself of its long-held load. Anila clenched for all she was worth as she fought back against the call of nature, trying to indefinitely prolong the inevitable.

The massages I had signed us up for were not entirely ordinary massages, either. The Asian girls giving us these massages were taught that the most important thing was the customer’s pleasure during the massage, more important than the life of the one giving the massage. To illustrate this point, these girls were taught from a young age to hold their breath while giving the massages, to emphasize that breathing was not even as important as giving a great massage. By now, the girls were well-trained breath holders, which created a unique massage experience. Anila noticed that she would get about two minutes of a normal massage, and then gradually after that the hands of the poor Asian girl would begin to shake more and more and the burning in her lungs grew.

After three to four minutes total, Anila would hear a loud outlet of breath and heavy breathing, as the girl reached the limits of her lungs. Within seconds, Anila would hear a sharp intake of breath, and then no more, and the process would repeat itself. Soon it became tougher for Anila to focus on the girl’s unconventional techniques, however, as she began to massage Anila’s lower back, pressing her massive and protruding bladder further into the table. Anila was forced to tense her muscles to prevent herself from flooding the place with her warm, overloaded pee, which of course meant that the masseuse noticed her tense muscles and redoubled her massaging efforts. After three bursting breath holds worth of massaging, the girl’s hands finally stopped, and Anila sighed happily, knowing that this torture was finally over.

However, just then she saw the Asian girl come over to her, cheeks beginning to bulge and stomach starting to contract every few seconds, and motion for her to turn over onto her back. Gasping as she realized that the massage was not over, Anila did so. The girl straddled her and began massaging her front, working her way down Anila’s chest to her upper stomach area. Red-faced and eyes nearly screwed shut with the effort, the girl attempted to continue the massage and fight off the horrible contractions emanating in her diaphragm, but they overtook her and the breath burst out of her body.

Showing amazing discipline, the Asian girl managed to massage all of Anila’s upper stomach adequately before taking in any new air. She began holding a new breath and worked her way lower, and now it was Anila’s turn to sharply intake air. The girl was going to massage her bladder! Anila didn’t know if she could take it, but she clamped down her sphincter muscles as hard as she possibly could and waited for the inevitable. It didn’t take long to come.

The girl began pressing into and moving the area surrounding and directly above the Indian’s bladder, and Anila moaned with the increase in pressure it caused her. Her bladder was being squeezed and the pee had nowhere to go but out! Anila fought it, fought as hard as she could, to keep in her pee until the time was right. Her bladder protested but Anila would not be bested and held on strong. She saw the Asian girl, growing desperate for air after 3 minutes without, and gained motivation from the sight. If that girl could put up such a fight to not even breathe, surely she could hold in some pee! The girl shook and convulsed and finally released her air after a struggle worthy of anything, and with a final knead of Anila’s bladder, she finished the massage. The girl smiled at Anila, who smiled back. But then she got curious.

“Hold it for me one more time,” Anila implored her. The girl looked at her uncomprehendingly, so Anila took in a breath and held it, then pointed at the masseuse. The Asian girl nodded happily and began to hold a deep breath as well. They stood face to face like that for a minute, the girl clothed in only her bra and some light pants but Anila still nude. Anila was beginning to feel the strain on her lungs, but her willpower wouldn’t let her give in. ‘Let’s see what she goes through,’ Anila thought, continuing to hold. One minute became one and a half, and Anila’s resolve was wavering.

Her stomach was convulsing, which was also reverberating on her stretched and tired bladder, but still Anila held it. Her Asian counterpart looked on happily, showing no struggle after a minute and a half of breath holding. In fact, she seemed to be enjoying herself and this impromptu competiton. At two minutes of holding, Anila’s cheeks bulged out obscenely and she held her stomach as the contractions continued. A spurt of air escaped her pursed lips, but she held firm. Then Anila glanced over at her opponent, still standing without a sign in the world that she needed air, and she could hold on no longer. Air burst out of Anila after an impressive (for her) 2:15 of holding her breath.

After regaining her breath and bearings, Anila saw that the Asian girl was still holding her breath, though some signs of strain were finally beginning to show on her face. Anila motioned for the girl to continue holding it, and she nodded. 3:30 in and the girl was stamping her foot and clenching her fists, face beet-red, fighting with everything she had to keep her air inside. Tears were forming in the corners of her eyes, and her cheeks were bulging to the brim with air wanting to escape, but grimly she held it in. Anila looked on, fascinated by this girl and her willpower.

Four minutes passed and still the girl refused to give in. At 4:15 some air escaped her convulsing frame, but she clamped a hand over her mouth and kept holding the rest. Her whole body began to shake violently, and she squeezed her eyes shut in a final, desperate plea to hold all the air inside, but at 4:30 it exploded out of her. Not to be bested by the inevitable quite so easily, the Asian girl then refused once more to breathe back in. Impressed to the highest extent with her masseuse, Anila left a very handsome tip as she dressed and bade the Asian girl goodbye, who managed a weak wave back despite still fighting, sweat pouring down her face and stomach, trying not to take in another breath. She was at her wit’s end but still hanging in by the skin of her teeth when Anila left and returned to the lobby. ‘What an exciting experience!’ Anila thought to herself.

I was waiting in the lobby of the massage area until almost 1:30, when Anila finally returned. “Enjoy your special massage, love?” I asked her, smirking. I’ve always loved watching a girl push herself, and these breath holding masseuses were something I didn’t want to miss on this trip. “Oh yes! Quite the experience!” Anila said back enthusiastically. “And how’s the bladder?” I asked. Before she could respond a huge wave of pressure washed over her, forcing my love to bend herself into a pretzel to prevent her long-overdue pee from taking place right there in the massage parlor lobby. When she righted herself, Anila responded with gritted teeth, “The massage was torture, but I’d forgotten about it until you brought it back up! Oh I don’t know if I can last much longer….but I will try for you!” she ended as she saw the look on my face.

We stayed in our room for the last few hours we had left. Anila drank some more water, but she was clearly desperate already. She was bouncing around the room, sweat pouring from her body, at least one hand in her crotch at all times. She was oh-so-close, but it appeared this challenge was out of her reach. I knew I had to do something to distract her, so I came up to her and began kissing her neck. She tried to push me away, telling me she had to pee too badly for sex, but I was persistent. I removed all of her clothes, then went between her legs. Her hand was still there, desperately holding on to her vagina to keep the pee inside, so I removed that too and replaced it with mine, and I began thumbing her clit.

The response was instantaneous. Her hips bucked and Anila seemed to be on the edge of cumming already thanks to the added pressure of her bladder on her g-spot. I licked her clit and fingered her ass to multiple climaxes before burying my raging erection in her wet pussy. Anila began to scream wildly from the sensation of fullness and pleasure she was experiencing. I pumped into her for ten minutes until we both exploded in mutual orgasm, my first but at least her tenth. No sooner had I gone limp inside of her than she was on her knees before me. One hand was back in her crotch and she was wobbling from side to side, but Anila was determined to draw more cum out of my depleted balls.

She began deep-throating me and playing with my balls with her free hand until I was hard once again, and at that point my sex-filled mind got an idea. “Hold your breath,” I commanded her, “Hold your breath and don’t let it out until I cum.” Anila looked up at me with a gaze that personified sex, took a hasty breath, held it, and went to work on my cock, furiously trying to coax the cum out of me before her oxygen ran out. After two minutes I was on the edge, and Anila was shaking, her stomach contracting at least once a second. Her face was turning red and her cheeks were puffing out. I tried desperately to hold out and prolong this amazing experience, but finally her tongue licked the sensitive underside of my shaft one time to many, and I let loose my cum into her mouth just as the air burst out of her.

She began gasping for air, but at no point did she stop servicing my cock. I picked her up and hugged her, and we whispered sweet nothings into each other’s ears, all while she began bending at the knees and fidgeting more and more, as her bladder situation was becoming too much for her. I checked the clock, and was shocked to see it was nearly 5 pm! That was when our buses left. Anila struggled back into her red dress, this time without anything on underneath, while I got all our bags together, and we hurried to the parking lot, Anila giving one last, desperate, longing glance at the toilet in the bathroom before departing. After all of Mary’s instructions, she had never used it once.

We made it to the bus five minutes late, earning a disapproving stare from Mary, but with Anila’s bladder in the state it was, we hardly cared. We ended up in the same seats as before, right next to Jess and Kathy, and as my wife’s fidgeting reached newfound levels, Jess leaned over and asked her, “Did you wait too long finally? Not go since morning or something? I went just before we left, but that’s it til bed!” She gave a grin. Anila smiled through her bladder pain and responded, “Actually, you may find this hard to believe, but I haven’t gone since we last talked. It’s been…oh…about 59 hours or so.” The girl’s eyes widened to the size of saucers. “Fif….fi…fi…fifty…fifty nine hours?? How do you do it??” Jess asked incredulously. Anila’s smile grew. “Love for my husband.” She told the girl. Still smiling, she took my hand and placed it on her bladder, so I could feel its incredible fullness.

Anila, burstingly full bladder or not, still would not avail herself to the facilities at the rest stops. This time her desperation in front of Mary was real, and she had to fight not to wet herself on the floor of the rest stops buildings. At the third rest stop, at 8 pm, 62 hours into her hold, Anila actually turned to the side and showed Mary the outline of her engorged bladder, but still, shaking with the effort of holding it, refused to follow her into the bathroom.

“That’s not healthy! You’ll get a medical condition!” Mary nearly shrieked at her, but Anila continued to resist. My wife was huffing and puffing as she sat down for the last hour of the bus ride, telling me that she was indeed at her limit. She double-crossed her legs and tried to hang on. We were halfway through the last hour of the journey when all of a sudden the bus skidded off the road and into some mud on the side of the road. The driver had lost control, and, with some heavy rains the night before, the dirt beside the roadway had been turned to sticky mud, and we were now stuck in it.

Repeated attempts to drive out were unsuccessful, and the driver decided to call a tow truck. Unfortunately, the nearest tow truck was experiencing problems itself, and it would be some hours before it would become available. Mary told us all the unhappy news from the front of the bus, and Anila groaned and held her stomach as she heard it. “What do you want to do?” I asked my desperate wife. “Hold.” She said.

After two hours of waiting, Anila was at her absolute limit. She had tried shifting to every position she could, even sitting on her heel at one point, but her bladder had had enough. Tired, hurting, stretched, cramping, aching, her sphincter was mere seconds away from being defeated. The pressure was just too much for too long, she had told me. Her sphincter was quivering even as she said those words, threatening to let her piss spurt uncontrollably from her bursting, iron bladder. Half an hour before, Mary had sheepishly led a group of women to some nearby bushes to gain their relief, and Anila told me sadly that she would have to do the same. I checked my watch, saw the time, and told my love, “Baby, you lasted for 64 hours. If the bus hadn’t gone off the road, we would have been home by now. You really did do it!” Anila smiled at me and gave me a big hug that was cut short only by another gigantic wave of urgency from her bladder.

With that we walked down the aisle of the bus and out, me walking normally, Anila hobbling, bent over, clutching at her bladder as she took small steps to try and stay dry for just seconds more. We reached the outside of the bus, where, to our right, the driver was shining a flashlight, showing one of the passengers how one of the back tires was stuck due to the mud covering it. I began to lead my bursting-bladdered maiden to the bushes some feet away, but she stopped. A look of inspiration crossed her face.

“We don’t have to wait for a tow truck.” She said suddenly. “Hmm?” I asked, confused. “We don’t have to wait for a tow truck.” She repeated. “What do you mean, dear? We’re stuck in the mud. We need a tow truck to help us.” I told her. “No we don’t,” she responded resolutely, “Look at me Michael. I have, in my body, contained right now but for only seconds longer, an unbelievable amount of pressure. I’m about to blow from the pressure inside of me. Why just let it out in the bushes? I can put it to good use! Watch!”

Anila beckoned me to follow her and she slowly walked over to the bus driver, and asked for him and the other passenger to leave. It was Sandra, and she nearly fainted when Anila told her that she had yet to have relief. “Come back in an hour,” she told the two of them, “but leave the flashlight!” Having nothing better to do, they listened, and I was left alone outside the bus at 10 at night with my wife, holding up a flashlight to be able to see her.

“What are you going to do?” I asked, still disbelieving. “I’m going to piss us out of this mess!” Anila told me excitedly. I thought about it. It was so crazy it just might work. “But…why do you need an hour? You’re not going to pee for more than a few minutes.” I reasoned. “Who says I have to pee right away? Shouldn’t I hold it to the limit for my husband?” Anila asked, smiling and holding her crotch with both hands. As she finished speaking, I hugged her to me and gave her a long, wet kiss. Then she had me sit and shine the flashlight and just watch her, as she spread her legs, tortured her bladder, and did the most desperate pee dance I’ve ever seen, for an entire hour, holding back the piss in her iron bladder solely for my entertainment and enjoyment.

At the end of the hour, following 65 hours of continuous holding, after enduring sex, swimming in a pool, and an hour massage with a bursting-at-the-seams bladder, Anila finally moaned in bladder agony, squatted, hiked up her dazzling red dress, and let her absolute flood of pee come out of her. It hissed as it hit the mud-covered tire, a thick ropey jet of piss. It washed away the mud with the force of a strong hose. Within the first minute of my Indian goddess’s enormous pee, the tire was free from its muddy prison, but she was nowhere near finished. She peed and peed, for five minutes total, most of it as a high-pressurized jet, escaping the confines of her control as quickly as it could.

Just as her pee was winding down, and started resembling a normal pee that a normal person would take, Sandra and the driver came back out. “Oh my gosh, it’s been an hour! How long did you piss for?!” Sandra asked, amazed. Anila’s massive pee finally ended, and she shook herself dry before lowering her dress and responding, “That…you’ll never know.” And with that said, she took my arm and led me back into the bus, leaving the others dumbstruck. While Anila’s amazing hold and pee both ended, eventually, the legend of her piss that freed the bus would live on in the club for a long time to come.

