Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 02
	Eye exam, Eye shop, and payback against her tormenter.
Author: sin138

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

Chapter 2 - Eye test

Pushed in to a bedroom, she hears Anuj rummaging through a set of keys, and then unlocking a door. Without her contacts on, she can only see a blurry image. He threw a two pieces of clothes at her. All she received was a sheer t-shirt, and a thong.

"Put these on."

"I can't go out like this," she pleads.

"Do I give a fuck?" he then starts cursing in Hindi.

Without much choice she puts on the little clothing she was given, and Anuj takes her outside. She knows that both items are white in colour, and the t-shirt is a very thing cotton material. She is hoping that Hridhya would have more sense than Anuj. It turns out, she does.

"What the hell is she wearing??" Hridhya asks, shocked at Deepika's appearance.

"Her slut uniform," Anuj proudly states.

"She can't go out like this you choot," she yells. "She is coming with us, idiot. What will others think, if they catch us hanging around with that tart?"

She turns to Deepika and says, "You're coming with me."

Deepika is able to see the door, thankfully, even if it is blurry. Hridhya came back with a large bottle of water.

"Drink this," she demands.

Deepika warily looks at Hridhya.

"It's not laced with anything," Hridhya sighs. "And for your information, a true slut would accept anything given to her, without question. Don't question me again."

She then gulps down the bottle, only to be offered another one. Eventually Hridhya gives her some more outfits to wear. She puts on a rather loose tank top, and a pair of tight shorts over her current attire. She is not sure how it looks on her, but at least it is more appropriate than what Anuj had for her. Hridhya takes a photo of her, and shows her the picture.

She is stunned with how nice she looks. It's still revealing but she also looks stunning. Her red blouse is transparent, but her t-shirt at least covers what is necessary, even if it stops above her navel. Her white denim shorts are so small, that the pockets jutted out. Hridhya has snipped them off, so they don't stick out as much. She then calls Anuj over.

"What does she look like?"

"She looks normal," he replies. "But I want her to look like a slut. The eye doctor should be disgusted looking at her."

"Don't worry Anuj, it will happen," she assures him in Hindi.Also, trust me, no self respecting woman would go like that. I'm gonna get ready, can you give me a few minutes?"

"No problem, I'll get her ready," Anuj replies, as Hridhya goes up to her room.

As she leaves, Anuj takes a box out, containing some pills.

"What are they," she asks.

"Do you want to get pregnant?"

"But I can get OCPs," she replied.

"These are better than OCPs," he smiles. "Open your mouth, and I'll pop it in."

Reluctantly she agrees. He then gives her another bottle of water, to help her swallow it down. He slips his hand underneath Deepika's shorts and starts rubbing her downstairs. His fingers insert into her snatch and making her gasping a little. Anuj continues, as Deepika gyrates. Hridhya interrupts, prompting everyone to leave. Anuj and Hridhya chuckle, looking at Deepika's red face.

In the auto Anuj tells Deepika, they are going to a private eye doctor.

She feels some fullness in her bladder, but chooses not to tell them. For all she knows they may make her piss in her shorts in here. Hridhya observes Deepika folding her legs and smiles.

They finally stop at a building, but Hridhya stops Deepika from running in. The concrete building looks old, and run down.

They enter into the building and go to the ophthalmologist's office. Hridhya enters inside the room to sign Deepika's name, while Anuj waits in the empty hallway, to explain what the plan.

"This is your first assignment, NRI slut," Anuj explains. "It's very simple. When you feel your phone vibrate, you must piss in your shorts. Do not go to the bathroom, you fail your assignment if there is no one to witness it."

"I'll be getting some other work done," says Hridhya, as she comes back out. "Anuj will be with you. Do not talk to him! As far as these people know, you two have never met."

"One more thing," Anuj added. He takes out a Nokia phone and slips inside her shorts, and thong. The mobile is then inserted into her lips. He further pushes it inside, until only the string from the phone is jutting you. The only barrier between her inner walls and the phone is the pussy juice.

"Keep it in there," he orders. "You might even enjoy the ringing. When you feel it vibrate, you must relieve your bladder."

"This isn't my phone," Deepika responds.

"You have no phone," he answers.

"The phone you used to have, will be with me," Hridhya explains. "You'll get it back in when I'm done. For now, you use what is given to you. You will be given several SMS from me or just spam from other phones. You must piss yourself, when either me or Anuj. If you do it for any other person, you fail."

"How will I know it's you guys?" Deepika asks, with a bit of panic.

"You'll know," Hridhya grins, as she walks away.

As Hridhya leaves the building, Deepika enters the waiting room. She can feel the eyes staring at her as she walks in. Her face is red as her blouse, her shorts are almost the size of panties, and while her phone maybe hidden, her awkward gait does not help.

She found a seat available, next to an old lady. The old lady glances at the odd girl, and disapprovingly scoffs at Deepika's outfit. There is no doubt that she is questioning this young teen, as Deepika thought. Anuj enters, and sits on the other side of the room, keeping an eye on her. He actually blended well in the crowd, as everyone else kept glancing at the teen.

She sees some younger men, leer at her, and quickly show obscene gestures at her, when people are not looking.

As time went on the heat got to her. She felt her tight shirt cling to her body, the old lady next to her avoided looking at her direction. Deepika does know this, but her nipples are visible through the sheer material. Thirty minutes passed, and Deepika started to doze off.

BZZZZ!

"AAAAHHH!" Deepika shouts. Everyone turns to see what happened. Her phone is buzzing. Should she pee? What if it is just some spam. Anuj is not giving any hints on what should she do.

"Are you ok?" the old lady asks.

"Umm, yeah," she sheepishly replies. "Just dozed off."

"I see," the old lady responds before being called inside.

The ringing continued. Anyone can call the phone, but Hridhya said that she'll know when it's one of them. Taking the chance, she will not piss herself yet. The phone rang 3 more times, with some smaller buzzes, indicating messages. She can feel the urine shake from the buzzing. The vibration travelled throughout her loin. She bit her lip on the third call, and tried to maintain her composure. Her face did not hide her feelings however. Finally she hears her name.

"Deepika."

She enters the doctor's office. The doctor pauses at the state of this unusual girl. He has seen few girls dress in revealing clothing, even though her shorts even shorter in comparison. However, they usually do not come with small stain patch over their groin.

"Welcome Deepika," he greets. "Ummm, Please sit down."

"Thank you sir," she replies. "I just want to check my powweeerrrrr."

The phone rings again.

"I see," the doctor says. He casually walks to his drug cabinet to lock his medications away.

The exam has been long and extensive. Deepika was shaking her leg, to stop herself from peeing, as the eye exam went on. The ophthalmologist, himself tried to avoid glancing at the teen's hands, which are holding tightly onto her snatch. Part of him wants to fuck this obvious slut in his office, but he knows that was unprofessional. Finally the doctor has finished and went to write her prescription.

Buzzzzz!

"Here's the prescription, Ms. Deepika," he says, as he hands the paper.

Deepika is close to leaving, but the along with the vibrations, a song started to play.

"PINK LIPS! PINK LIPS! PINK LIPS! PINK LIPS!"

It's that Bollywood song, she heard last year, blaring from her snatch. It was them. The moment she took the prescription, she shut her eyes and started to pee.

The eye doctor jumps back at what he's seeing. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING, YOU STUPID GIRL?"

Deepika is letting out a stream of golden liquid. Her denim shorts are visibly stained, and the urine is running down both her legs, creating a puddle on the floor. The doctor also notices a bulge in her pants. The phone is slipping off. She is dreading what he will do next.

"GET OUT OF MY OFFICE," he berates. "YOU DARE COME HERE LIKE SOME HOOKER. NOT ONLY DO YOU PISS ON MY CHAIR, BUT YOU SHIT YOURSELF?? YOU GOT YOUR PRESCRIPTION, AND DON'T COME BACK!"

She gets shoved outside, where everyone can see her stained pants. The doctor then comes out to make an announcement.

"This idiot, decided to pee on the chair, and I'm guessing shat in her shorts, forcing me to postpone the appointments. If you wish you, you can stay until the mess has been cleaned up, but since it's almost closing time, I'd advise you all to come back tomorrow. I do apologise for this inconvenience."

Soon everyone starts berating her. Everyone crowds around her to give a piece of their minds. She explains to them that the bulge in her shorts was her phone, and even takes it out. This just disgusted the people more. Many took the opportunity to feel Deepika up. Eventually the crowd disperses, and Deepika leaves immediately. Anuj is waiting outside, laughing hysterically.

"I can't believe you actually did that," he laughs. "I mean, I know we told you to, but did you even hesitate?"

As soon as he calmed down, he asks if she got her prescription. She shows it to him.

"Great," he responds. "I know a place that will do it fast. He will really like you."

"Can I at least change my shorts?" She asks presenting her white shorts with the visibly yellow stain.

"We don't have time," he replies. "Besides, trust me he wouldn't care, with a body like that. You can take off your shorts right here if you want, since Hridhya's not with us."

"No that's fine," Deepika quickly replied.

Anuj grinned as he called for an auto. They stopped this time at a plaza, and look for the store.

"The moment we enter the store, he has full authority on you," he tells her. "I should not hear any complaints from him."

The sign says Chris Optics. Compared to the surrounding stores, it looks very modern. They enter inside where a rather handsome manager greets them.

"Nice to meet you Anuj," he says. "Who's this?"

"Hello Chris," Anuj replies back. "This is Deepika. She needs new glasses right away. Do you think you can do it?"

Chris looks at the prescription, and says that's not a problem. He also asks about the dark stains on her denim shorts.

"Oh yeah," Anuj laughs. "She pissed herself on the ophthalmologist's chair. The guy got so pissed."

"You don't say," he asked raising his eyebrows.

"Yeah," Anuj replies. "This bitch is actually quite the slut. This morning she actually blew the cab driver from the airport, so she didn't have to pay."

"It happens," he says smiling. "Not to most people, but it happens."

"Will I be in the way?"

"Don't worry Anuj, I don't mind if you decide to assist me, and I'm sure this lovely flower doesn't mind either," Chris replies, as he locks the doors, and shuts the metal doors. "Now Deepika, I know it is an unusual to ask, but I personally feel the best way to select the perfect pair is to remove any distractions from your body. If you know what I mean."

He has an Indian accent, but somehow he sounds pleasant. Like a gentleman. If she is expected to have sex with him, she does not mind.

Deepika simply stood, as the manager unbuttons her shorts. The urine stain does not seem to deter him. He pulls down the shorts, leaving her in her thong, and orders her to lift her leg up, to fully remove the pants.

Anuj watches as the Chris pulls off the blouse from the clearly nervous teen. As he pulls the tight t-shirt off her sweaty body, she takes the opportunity to feel up his torso. She feels Chris tighten his abs to her touch. Chris smiles, as the nubile teen blushes as he caresses her breasts.

"I'll take your clothes to the Laundromat, next door," he says to the near naked teen. "He and I are really good friends. Before I do, would you like to keep the thong on? I will admit, that thong can be distracting though."

"She doesn't need to keep it on," Anuj interjects.

"I'm sure she doesn't," Chris chuckles. "But I think this young lady can answer for herself?"

Both wait, until Deepika starts to speak. She knew what they want to hear, this time however, she does not mind.

"I don't need them," she answers, and starts removing her last bit of decency.

"American girl I see," Chris comments, noticing her accent. "It all makes sense. I know for a fact western girls tend to be wilder, if you don't mind me saying. I have no problem with adventurous women."

"Not at all," she giggles, much to Anuj's annoyance.

"You can have Deepika take the clothes with her," Anuj offered. "This isn't the first time she pranced around naked outside."

"I'm sure," Chris chuckles. "But if I take it, you won't get charged. Don't worry, I'll be back soon."

When he left, Anuj tells Deepika, "Congratulations, Deepika you gave the right answer. For this you will get a reward."

"What's the reward?"

"I will give you money to take the auto on the way back rather than walk back," he replies. "Oh and since you seem to like him, you don't mind if we send a photo of you to him. I'm sure he'll appreciate it. I also doubt they can't remove the stains, thanks to you lack of control of your own bladder."

"But you made me do it," Deepika talks back.

"Exactly, you lack control your own bladder," He laughs at the terrible joke before leaving.

As he left, Chris comes back. They wish each other as Chris locks the door.

"Looks like it's just you and me," he says, with a wide grin on his face. "It may take some time. At least that gives us time to check which frames look good on you. I'm a firm believer that the best frames should look good when you are naked."

Few frames were tried on. Deepika herself could not see what they looked like, but Chris simply kept saying no to all of them.

"I think I know the problem," he says, caressing her pussy. "You must touch yourself. Rub yours wonderful lips, until they become wet, and keep rubbing it. Hmm, it looks like you are already wet. The best frames should look good when you're horny as hell."

His touch feels warm. As soon as he left, she replaced his hands, with hers. What is happening to her? She knows she has no choice but follow him, but she is having on objections to his treatment. Her inner thighs feel odd. She strokes her wet pussy, as Chris tries on different frame styles. Her legs are kept apart granting the young man a full view of her body. She may not be able to see his face, but she can feel his eyes scanning every inch.

"I think I found the perfect frame!" he exclaims. "But there's only one way to be sure."

Her eyes are blurry, she sees him take something out of his pants. She feels him poking her face with a fleshy stick.

"The best frames should look good when you are sucking dicks."

Her mouth opens, allowing him to further push his sausage inside, as her hand still remains over her snatch. He takes some pictures with his phone, then immediately withdraws and goes to the back of the store. Deepika still fingers herself, as she feels the touch pulsating throughout her body.

She closes her eye as she squeezes her breasts. She has never felt this before. What is happening to her? Why is she feeling so warm? She then feels a cock poking on her body. Chris has come back. She starts sucking it as she can hear him moan. She flicks her tongue against his tip, while he squeezes her perky breasts.

"I see you met the laundry man," Chris's voice comes out. "Here in India, we call him the dhobi."

Deepika opens her eyes to see a short pudgy man. She cannot make out the facial features. That is until Chris gives her the glasses. One sight of him has made her jump. He was short man, clearly in his mid-forties. His skin is dark as night, with incredibly red eyes, and his teeth were stained dark yellow. The sight of him, is also making Deepika notice his smell.

She turns to see Chris, a fair skinned bodybuilder, who looks as dreamy as his voice.

"But-bu-but" she stammers. "I thought I was sucking your dick."

"I'm a married man," Chris laughs. "I would never cheat on my wife."

"You took a picture of me of with you cock in my mouth," Deepika blurts out.

"Do you mean this picture," he asks, showing what he has taken a picture of. It was a picture of a not a hard dick, in her mouth, but a fat sausage. Her frames have the words "NRI SLUT" written like novelty glasses.

"Anuj already preordered the frames for you, NRI Slut," he explains. "There's the one frame you are currently wearing, and another pair, which is in this cover, but only after you treat my friend like the gentleman that he is. I sent a text to Anuj. He said I can kick you out the moment you get your frames."

"But I need my clothes,"

"Bro, are her clothes ready?" he asks the his friend in Kannada.

No bro, I threw the shorts out, since there's no point in washing those. This slut actually pissed in her pants?

"She did. Oh well, those shorts could be passed for panties anyway, so it's not much of a lost for her," Chris chuckles. "It's not ready yet, but you can stay in his Laundromat, if you don't want people to see your body."

Deepika reluctantly, agrees. Despite her disgust with fucking this man, and out in the open, she still cannot stop masturbating. She was taken through the back door of the store, only to walk around the plaza, in just her glasses, and her sandals. The laundry man walked behind, while mauling her breasts, and snatch, in the well lit plaza. By now, most of the stores have closed, except a few phone recharge shops, where the customers simply stared at the unusual site.

He finally takes her to his Laundromat. It is a claustrophobic place, filled with a couple of washing machines. She is taken to two piles of clothes. One is a giant pile of dirty clothes, needing to be washed. Another was a pile of neatly folded clothes, all wrapped in newspapers, and tied with strings. The dark man hinted that it is her choice to choose.

She started walking towards the clean pile, until he pushed her into the dirty pile, laughing loudly at the naked girl. She lies in the pile as the Dhobi strips off his pants and falls next to the NRI. He sucks on her face, in a poor attempt of a kiss. She can taste the pan from his mouth. He sticks his finger in her tight pussy, while using the other hand to support her tiny body. Deepika assists in his groping, while keeping her legs spread. She uses her other and to grip his cock and vigorously shake it.

