Sara's Accident

Author: Aquavite (1996'02)

(Based on a real incident when my girlfriend and I were at an outdoor play, she with a very short skirt on, and we were drinking mimosas. She was desperate to pee by the last few scenes but didn't want to miss the end. She squirmed, kept crossing her legs, and dashed out at the end, probably obvious to anyone that she was trying to hold it in. And she did wet herself by the time she got to the toilet, which I found out when I asked her afterwards, and saw her soaked, white panties as she got into the car. I don't know how much see peed in her panties before she made it to the toilet but I loved putting my hand against her warm, dripping and soaking panties as we drove. We made love when we got to her house and I loved smelling and eating her through her peed in panties. After I took them off I held them as I came inside her and rubbed them in her hair and against my face as we made love.)

It was a very hot, dry day. Sara and I had gone to an outdoor play which began late one Sunday morning. We had made love that morning, intensely and rather traditionally, at least for us. We awoke about 8:00, our legs entwined, my hand on Sara's wonderfully round and firm ass. I remember feeling the warm skin of her upper thighs as it met the elastic of her string bikini panties. I remember waking up feeling the soft cotton material of her underpants, and slowly sliding my hand up and down her ass. Sara seemed to sleep as I examined her legs and ass with my hand, as I usually do while she sleeps. I've always loved the feeling (to say nothing of the sight and smell) of a women's panties.

As I got harder Sara slowly and sensually woke up to the feel of my hand. Her pelvis began to slowly move, and I began to slip my fingers between her legs, following the line of the elastic and lace of her panties to her clit. She ever so softly began to moan as I began to rub her clit. I could feel her dampness growing. As she came to consciousness she moved harder and faster and I began to rub harder, pushing the soft cotton of her white panties into her moist pussy. She responded, as she usually does, intensely and with abandon. Sara rolled over, one leg around mine, and we both began to push against each other. I felt my erection push from my underpants, rubbing Sara's stomach.

Not to my surprise some minutes later Sara announced, "I've gotta pee real bad. Be back in a second." I slowly, regretfully removed my hand from over her panties, which had just begun to dampen with my touch. And with that, also as usual, Sara leapt out of bed on her way to her usual pre love making pee. She wore a pair of pure white, cotton string bikini panties with lace around the edge, and a tee shirt. As she got out of bed and stood up I noticed her panties, again as usual, caught in the cheeks of her firm ass. Her blond, shoulder length hair hung loosely. Her firm, somewhat pointed breasts, pushed against the thin and sort of see through material of her tee shirt. She was radiant, again as usual.

As Sara walked out the door she speeded up, and just at the bathroom door I saw her usual telltale sign of distress: Sara's hand between her legs, holding herself and her "water". Sara had always had trouble making it to the bathroom on time without some assistance of her hand. Not that caused her too much trouble most of the time. Upon her return, like many morning visits to the bathroom, Sara got back into bed -- her white panties with a small wet spot, perhaps the size of two quarters, from not quite making it on time. I always got turned on from Sara's little accidents on the way to the toilet.

Occasionally Sara's accidents wouldn't be so little and she'd usually take off her soaked panties and throw them in the laundry. I sometime teased Sara about her small and weak bladder, especially on car trips when we'd have to frequently stop for Sara's relief, sometimes by the side of the road, and sometimes on a more or less empty street in the city. Sara's accidents seemed to be confined to dribbles or spurts in her panties just before she got them off. At least that's what I had seen.

We had been living together for about three months, and had been seeing each other perhaps six. A very intense and sexually experimental half year. But it turned out there was much more to come, or cum, so to speak. Upon Sara's return we kissed, my leg moving up to her crotch. I felt the then cool wet spot against my leg. I found myself getting turned, more than usual. I teased Sara about not making it on time, and she laughed, saying something like, "Its just so hard for a girl sometimes, when you're all sleepy and not thinking. You know, sometimes you just gotta go before your ready..."

I moved my hand against her wet panties, carefully feeling the damp double crotch material, and pushing it into her pussy. She moaned, not the least concerned about her mini-accident. She took hold of my erection, pulling it from my underpants, and rubbing it against her stomach as I began to squeeze her nipple. We kissed for some while and I could feel her panties get even wetter than they were. I pulled her dampening panties off while Sara guided me inside her warm and inviting pussy. I held her panties in one hand, my head on a pillow. The now pretty large wet area was darker than the rest of the white cotton, and, again as usual, I smelled them deeply. I've always loved the smell of a girl's panties, ever since I first discovered Joanne's wonderful aromas in the 10th grade. As we made love I smelled and felt Sara's panties, holding them close to her hair, and finally waiting for her to cum, I, too, came. I slowly put her panties on the bed, and we held each other.

All this was very exciting, and usual. But back to the play we were going to. We got dressed. I wanted Sara to dress in one of her very short mini skirts. Together we picked one out. I suggested a light blue one, which came perhaps 6 inches below her crotch. She wore sandals with small heels, just adequate to push her ass out and up some. I picked her panties, something I often did. Knowing that she would probably pick matching blue panties, I choose white ones, with lace running up the front legs into the waist, and down to her crotch. The white cotton met the lace at her pelvic bone, lace and elastic holding the panties together at the top, while much smaller elastic and lace ran around her legs.

I knew that the outlines of the lace would show through the skirt, and so would the whiteness of the panties themselves. Sara's skirt was of a very thin material, and I loved to be with her in public when she would show herself off. On top Sara wore a wonderful Italian bra she had bought on a recent trip, lacy and somewhat push up, with a sexy buttoned blouse. She was dynamite. On the walk to the play from the parking lot Sara got her share of admiring and often lustful looks from men, and indeed from some women, too. We both enjoyed the attention she received, and I let my hand occasionally rub over her ass. I loved to cop feels in public, and especially to feel the outlines of her panties beneath the thin material of her skits. I got turned on feeling her panties knowing others could see them outlined beneath her skirt.

We had brought the makings of a light brunch, some food and a thermos full of mimosa--orange juice and champagne. We both had some coffee before we left the house. When we sat down Sara skirt barely covered her panties, perhaps only by 2 or 3 inches. I kept looking, waiting for a good view. So did the guy sitting next to her, to the chigrin of his wife or girlfriend. As the play progressed my hand was on Sara's leg, and she would often uncross them as my fingers moved up her thighs slowly feeling the warmth of her soft skin. I never really tried to push her skirt up too far, even I have some sense of propriety, but just Sara's movings made the thin material ride up. I could finally see the white of her panties, its small triangle peaking invitingly from beneath of blue skirt. Although the play was quite good I had trouble concentrating.

During the first act we ate and drank mimosas. During intermission we got up, stretched, ate and drank some more. I love the attention that Sara's ass got from the people around us, and told her that. She glanced at my erection pushing against my jeans, smiled and playfully kissed me on the ear. God I had fallen madly in love and in lust with this gorgeous creature who enjoyed public attention. The day go hotter, much hotter, quite quickly, and we both finished the mimosas during the first part of the final act. We both became engrossed in the play, until perhaps 20 minutes before the end. I noticed that Sara had begun to shift positions in the seat, and to cross and uncross her legs. At first I didn't pay too much attention, as Sara sometimes could be quite restless.

But after about 5 minutes I realized that this wasn't her normal restlessness. Her legs were too tightly crossed, and she sat too much to one side of her thighs, and then to the other. I enjoyed her movements since with all the crossing and uncrossing of her legs her skirt was now really exposing her panties. I looked at the guy sitting next to her and as far as I could tell he didn't notice the improving view. I did, however, and began to loose interest in the play. At some point I realized that the problem was that Sara really had to pee. She would pull down her skirt, but no sooner shift positions again, and her skirt would ride up over her panties. After about 10 minutes she began to tense her face slightly, and then ever so subtly bit her lower lip. At this point, although she didn't say anything to me, I began to get really turned on.

Although I knew about Sara's little peeing problems in the morning, and liked them a lot, I hadn't ever really thought about Sara having to pee really badly, and not going, just trying to hold it. I thought about the emergency stops on car trips, and knew that, like the mornings, Sara would sometimes dribble in her panties just before letting her flood loose. I felt my erection pushing very intensely against my pants, thinking about what she was going to do. I had never seen Sara this way, I knew Sara always made a point of finding a toilet before she'd use it, just to know where it was so she could get to it quickly.

I found myself having to piss, too, but it certainly didn't seem desperate, just nicely building up the pressure and increasing the turn on of watching Sara's increasing gyrations. I found myself wondering what Sara was going to do, increasingly desperate as she was getting. I wondered whether she had ever really not made in on time and had a major wetting accident. To my surprise just the thought of Sara soaking herself sitting watching the play got me really excited.

It was pretty clear that the play was nearing a climax (I was wondering if I was). Sara leaned to me and whispered, "I've been dying to pee for the last 20 minutes. Do you think it'll be over soon? I really want to see the end, but I'm not sure I can't make it." I said I though it would be done very soon, she agreed, adding, "I really want to see the end. I hope I don't wet myself. God, I'm really desperate to pee."

Somehow the thought of Sara peeing in her panties and thin blue skirt was an unbelievable turnon. I had not really thought about a girl wetting herself as being so exciting until then, although I knew I got turned by Sara's sometimes morning mini-peeings. But this seemed different--a beautiful 28 year old women, wearing a short skirt, peeing in her chair in public. As Sara's dilemma--to leave for the toilets and miss the show, or to risk what might be a really embarrassing accident--increased, I found myself incredibly turned on. By now Sara was in agony.

She could hardly sit still, moving from side to side, crossing and uncrossing her legs, sliding forward in her seat, remaining there for 15 seconds,and then abruptly sitting upright. I reached for her leg, and she took my hand, squeezing it very, very hard. She seemed to want to put her hand between her legs to hold back what she feared might be an impending flood, but decorum got the better of her. My hand was near her panties as she shifted around. Her skirt was above her underpants, the lace on them clearly visible. I looked at the her seat neighbor, but to my surprise he seemed still not to notice either the view nor Sara's display.

Sara leaned to me, "I'm going to try to wait until the end, but I'm not sure I'll be able to wait. So if I have to leave quickly will you bring all the stuff and meet my by the toilets? God, I have to pee. I haven't felt this way since I was at a college basketball game. And that ended in an embarrassing disaster...Shit, I have to pee so bad." I wondered what had happened in college.

She said the first line somewhat loudly, and the guy next to her now looked up. He immediately focused on her panties. She realized this and, as she once again shifted, pulled down her skirt. By now she was really bitting her lower lip and could literally barely sit still. Holding my hand as tightly as ever she continued to move around. I told her to go pee and miss the end, but she said she through she could wait a few minutes more. I found myself wanting her to have an accident, and kept wondering about that college basketball game.

Within a minute Sara's skirt had inched above her panties, and the guy next to her had forgotten about the play, as had I. I kept thinking that this was pretty strange, not so much being turned on my a public display of Sara's legs and panties--that I liked and it had happened before--but by feeling on the verge of cuming in my pants at the idea of Sara peeing in hers. Just as the play was clearly about to end, but before applause, Sara quickly leaned forward, squeezing my hand hard. Somewhat too loudly she said, "Oh, no...shit...." She sat frozen, leaning forward somewhat for some seconds.

She then leaned to me, almost getting up at the same time, "I'll meet you outside...I just couldn't help it." She stood up, pulling her dress down, almost running down the aisle. And there for all to see--and indeed they did--was a large wet spot on Sara's ass, and a steady trickle down her legs long tanned legs. She had peed in her panties and skirt while sitting and couldn't stop as she got up. While not a flood, a steady stream ran down her legs. She almost pushed people's legs aside, and was lucky since there was a lot of room in the aisle. I saw people's mouths literally open, watching this very sexy women wetting her panties and skirt as she raced to the toilet.

I gathered up out stuff as fast as I could, and followed her. I noticed eyes following me, and mainly Sara as she raced outside the outdoor theatre. But no sooner than I had gotten outside, and expecting to wait for Sara outside the bathrooms, I saw her to one side, somewhat behind the theatre entrance, standing, legs apart, absolutely soaking her skirt, legs, shoes. A large puddle formed around her feet, and she was still peeing a torrent. Her beautiful face had a combined look of total relief and realization with total embarrassment of a grown women totally loosing control in public.

Somehow her skirt, while still soaking, was nearly even with her panties. I quickly walked to her, and she still wetting, kissed her, took her hand, and began to take her to the exit. I noticed she was still flooding her panties and leaving a wet trail. Some people had already left, and were starring at Sara, which turned me on, in spite of Sara's obvious embarrassment. Her skirt was totally wet in back, and also clung to her panties and ass. Her panties were quite visible through the thin wet material. As we passed the toilets I saw two teenage girls literally running to them, both looking at Sara, and one saying to the other, "That's about to happen to me if I don't get to a toilet quick." An epidemic of pants wetting I thought, as I looked at the tight jeans the girl had on.

I hurried Sara toward the car, by now she was only dripping, laughing, still embarrassed. We slowed down, in spite of a few people looking at Sara. From the back I realized that her blue skirt had become quite transparent from her peeing on it, and her wet panties were clearly visible underneath. I loved the way she looked, and couldn't keep my hands off her. Feeling her warm, wet ass was unexpected exciting. I knew I had found something new and unexpected that day. I couldn't believe how turned I was from Sara's dripping and semi-transparent condition. I loved the way she was still dripping as we walked, and I couldn't stop thinking how sexy (and totally helpless, out of control and embarrassed) as she stood just outside the theatre flooding her panties, skirt, shoes and legs.

We had parked near some woods, with a lot of other cars. I felt I could not wait to touch Sara. On the way to the car she had been laughing, saying how embarrassed she was yet how good it felt just to let go no matter what and who saw. "I just couldn't hold it any longer, its was almost like an orgasm, I felt a surge and then a spasm, and I just stopped walking and couldn't stop letting go."

I didn't wait to get the car. Even as people were walking along near us I took Sara's hand and led her in the woods, not caring who noticed. Now out of sight but not sound of the parking lot, I backed Sara against a tree, and began kissing her deeply. She responded, pushing her soaking pubis against my hard erection, dampening my jeans in the process with her now cooling, pee wet dress. I slid my hands along her still warm and dripping legs, quickly pushing her wet dress up to her panties. I loved the feel of her totally soaked underpants--the cotton and lace literally dripping with pee, still warm as they clung to her skin and dress. My hand became soaked rapidly as I pushed her panties into her very wet pussy, feeling pee run down my hand.

I noticed Sara smelled a wonderful smell of pee. I never realized I found it such a turn on before this moment. I could now feel Sara's wetness soaking slowly into my jeans, through my underpants, making my prick damp. Although my hands were wet I undid the buttons on Sara's blouse, revealing a wonderful lace push up bra. Her light blond hair hung below her shoulders, falling on her bra straps. Her shirt had wet spots from my damp hands. I pulled one strap down over her thin shoulder, and pulled her bra almost but not quite over her breast, stopping just before Sara's erect nipple. I love to tease and be teased.

Sara continued to lean against the tree. I stepped back to look at her. Her skirt was wrapped around her waist. Her white cotton lace panties were totally see through from the soaking they received, Sara small blond pubic patch revealed through the now yellow tinted material. Her legs were spread, and the thin material of her panties were pressed tightly into her pussy lips. Her legs were still wet from her accident. I undid my jeans and pulled my prick out from beneath my damp underpants. Sara reached out for it, pulling me close to her, and began to rub it against her wet crotch, legs and panties. I told her how turned on I was, and how I loved watching her pee in her skirt and panties in public, and loved watching struggle during the play to hold back the inevitable.

She said little but pushed her soaked panties to one side and slid my penis easily into her.	As we began to fuck she said how embarrassed she was but also what a relief it was just to let go. She also said she knew I would love it that she wet herself, and did it in public. "But I was really trying to make it to the toilet." In between heavy breaths I told her I loved her, and loved her accident, and that it was all the better since it was real. I pulled her to me, feeling for the first time her ass. I was surprised how wet the backside of her panties were, but loved the feeling of soft, wet cotton as it clung tightly to her ass. We both came quickly and intensely.

More or less pulling out clothes together, me somewhat damp in places, and Sara obviously wet from a peeing accident--and her skirt still pretty see through--we walked to the car, but again not without some pretty interesting, leering looks in the parking lot. In the car and at home we talked about how Sara actually felt turned on by her accident, and especially afterwards. I asked her about the basketball game in college and she told me that she was also trying to wait for the end of the game, but ended up leaving to find a toilet but totally soaking her jeans on the way in front of dozens of people. She said she was really embarrassed, and was also really embarrassed to go back that way to her date.

At home I undressed Sara, and we made love on the floor, Sara and I naked, but with me holding and smelling her soaked panties as I was inside her. I told her loved the smell of her peed and pussy stained panties, and also the look of the now drying yellowed cotton compared to the pure white of the remaining un-wet parts. Sara laughed.

Since Sara's accident we've play with peeing and wetting games a lot, mostly in private, but sometimes in public places and also on the beach. Sara told me that until the theatre accident she never thought of peeing as sexually exciting, since she had had some pretty embarrassing moments which she didn't like, like at the basketball game. While those are another story, it turned out that Sara was so careful about finding toilet ahead of time just because in her younger days she too often wet her pants.

For instance, it turned out that she wet her pants while taking the SAT exam in high school, once in a history class, a few times on the school bus or walking home, once at the movies, and quite a few times in her car. One particularly awful time,she said, was while desperately running to a toilet at a freeway gas station, finding it locked, running to get the key, and totally loosing control exactly as the station attendant handed her the key. She just froze, as she wet her tight white short shorts standing right in front of his desk, soaking the floor. He just starred.

Since the theatre accident Sara's peed in about every type of clothes she owns, waiting until its hard or impossible for her to control herself. She says she loves the feeling of relief and release when she can't control herself any longer. I love to watch her try to hold it, and then loose control. Sara's certainly had some further embarrassing moments, but she seems to enjoy them for how much they turn me on. Needless to say I love them. So far Sara's not had any accidents except when she's been with me, but I keep telling her that she should try. But those are future stories. 
