Another (secret) encounter

By: The Bathroom (2022-02-11)

NB, this story is a follow up to Encounter at the Beach

Mr Politt had been desperate to get together with Rosie again after their brief sex session on the beach. He also had a fetish of seeing young women peeing and wetting themselves and spent many a night in bed masturbating over her.

He tried to meet Rosie in the street before, but her friend Robyn often got in the way. Eventually, one afternoon he finally plucked up the courage to ask her out on a date. He waited a few moments after Robyn left their flat before going up to knock on their door.


At first, there wasn’t an answer. He waited a few moments, and was just about to turn away when she heard the door open. It was Rosie.

“Er, hello,” she said. “How are you?”

Mr Politt had began to stare at her. She was wearing just a nightgown with a towel on her head.

“Hello? Hello!” Rosie said.

“Er, sorry, you look very attractive,” Mr Politt replied. He felt his throat becoming dry and was clearly getting nervous. “Look, instead of drawing attention to ourselves, can I come in?”

They went inside and met up in the living room.

“What are you doing here?” Rosie asked.

“Hi, I have been thinking, I was wondering…if you like to go on a date with me. Like go for a dinner in the restaurant or see a movie, or maybe …something different?” Mr Politt said.

“Great, I’ll ask Robyn to come with us,” Rosie said.

“No no no, I just want you, not your friend,”Mr Politt said.

“Er, okay… I’ll have to think about it,” Rosie said. “Look, I need to get changed so you need to go. Robyn will be back shortly, and she would have a fit if she sees you here.”

After Mr Politt left their flat, he was hoping that Rosie will accept his invitation as he has serious plans for their potential time together. A couple of hours later at his home, his mobile phone rang.

“Hi, it’s me, Rosie. I accept your invite.”

“That’s great. I’ll give you the date and time. Can I ask you something? Could you please bring a towel and a change of clothing? I’ve got a surprise for both of us on the night,” Mr Pollitt said. “if your friend asks you where you’re going, just make up some excuse.”

“What are you planning for the night?” asked Rosie.

“You’ll soon know when we meet,” Mr Politt replied.

The pair decided that they meet at Mr Politt’s flat which wasn’t far from where the girls lived. The closer to the night, he felt that he was getting nervous, fearing that Rosie would consider dropping out at the last possible moment. However, at around eight o’clock, there was a knock on his front door. He opened to see Rosie standing on the step.

“Hello, Rosie,” he greeted her with a smile.

“Er, hi, how are you?” she replied.

Mr Politt looked attentively at her. She was wearing a blue-and-white check dress with a small flower stitched on her chest and had styled her brown hair with a ponytail at the back. He also looked at the sports bag she was carrying. As Rosie walked past, he smelt her lovely scent. They entered the living room to sit down on the sofa.

“Would you like a drink?” Mr Politt asked.

“A glass of water, my throat’s a bit dry,” Rosie replied.

She was surprised that she was given a large glass of water, but she slowly drank it until it was empty. The pair of them walked to the dining area, where small plates of salad on the table was the starter. Mr Politt clearly had a plan for the young woman.

“Would you like some more water?” he asked.

“Yes please, it seems that when I get nervous, my throat becomes dry and I need to have a drink,” Rosie requested.

It became an interesting evening, with the pair soon having the main course dinner consisting of roast chicken with potatoes, yorkshire pudding and mixed vegetables. They also shared a bottle of white wine which they drank until it was almost empty.

“I hate to be a pain, but can I use your toilet, please?” asked Rosie.

“Er, can you wait a little bit, I’ve got some nice dessert for you to try?” said Mr Politt.

Rosie was puzzled. She needed to pee, but felt not to offend her host, so she stayed seated.

Mr Politt gave her some ice cream with nice biscuits inbetween. While they were eating the dessert, he began to notice Rosie fidgeting in her seat, and soon felt his penis stiffen a little. It was clear she looked distracted.

“Er, Rosie, can you get up and stand in front of me, please?” he requested.

She looked puzzled at the request, but did as she was told.

Soon, Mr Politt had spent some time staring at an increasingly desperate Rosie. When he saw the young woman start grabbing her crotch and curtseying repeatedly, he went to stroke his stiff penis through his trousers and began licking his lips. Rosie was only about desperate for half an hour, but it seemed like forever.

“Are you very desperate now?” asked Mr Politt.

“It’s really, really bad. I don’t think I can hold on for much longer,” Rosie replied softly, while fidgeting and repeatedly bending double.

“I need you to hold on, just a little longer,”Mr Politt said, staring intently at her and still stroking his penis through his trousers. A few moments later, he got up from the chair and walked slowly towards Rosie and whispered in her ear.

“Rosie….ever since that incident at the beach awhile back, I have been wanting to play with you.”

He stepped behind Rosie and wrapped his arms around her and sniffed the scent of her dress. Rosie, sensing her the situation she was in, started heavy breathing, and felt that the way she was being touched combined with her pee desperation was heightening her sexual sensations.

Mr Politt started stroking her hair slowly as if he was combing it. Then he felt her breasts through her dress, first circling and slowly caressing them.

“Oh god Rosie, I love you so much!” he said softly, and leant his face on her neck. His hands were all over Rosie’s dress, one grabbing a breast, the other feeling the material of the dress. He noticed that Rosie still had both her bands tightly grabbing her crotch in order to prevent herself from peeing.

“Rosie, I need to touch your pussy. Take your hands away,” Mr Politt said. She was at first reluctant, but she slowly did so.

Mr Politt slowly grabbed Rosie’s crotch through her dress and started to slowly rub it. Suddenly, she buckled and bent over, clapped her legs shut, squeezing Mr Politt’s hand.

“OWWWW!!!” he howled.

Rosie felt that some pee leak from her panties, soaking her crotch. She just about managed to stop her stream, and breathed a sigh of relief. Mr Politt felt some of her pee on his hand. He took it away and looked down to see a significant wet patch at the front of Rosie’s dress, which excited him even more. He unfastened his trousers and pulled out his very stiff penis, and slightly unzipped the back of Rosie’s dress so he could access her breasts through her bra. He asked her to part her thighs so he could slide his penis on her crotch and started rubbing. Eventually, he pulled down Rosie’s wet panties so he was able to push his penis inside her pussy and start fucking. At that point the pair soon had some mindblowing sex there and then. Rosie found herself being fucked so intensely that she briefly forgot about her need to pee. Mr Politt then moved Rosie and asked her to bend over on the dining table and continued fucking her from behind.

“Ummmgh, I’m going to come!” Rosie squealed, as she was beginning to buckle. That made Mr Politt fuck her even harder. Moments later, they both had a huge climax. He then pulled out his penis from Rosie’s pussy and squirted large dollops of semen over her bum, breathing heavily. After they finished coming, both Mr Politt and Rosie looked at each other.

“Let’s go to the bathroom,” he said. “We haven’t finished yet.”

When they reached the bathroom, they took off their clothes, and Mr Politt climbed on to sit in the bath.

“I would like you to pee on me,”he said. Rosie had climbed inside, squatted over him and started to pee. The urine had spurted from her pussy and splashed over his body, and she gave a huge sigh of relief after holding all that fluid. The flow lasted about a minute, but it seemed like forever. “Ohhh….. that was so nice,” she said softly.

The pair then switched places in the bath, and Mr Politt held his penis and started to pee, aiming his powerful stream over her love interest’s body.

“I love you, Rosie,” he said.

They then got together to caress each other, smearing the urine over their bodies and having a post-sex snog. Afterwards, they had a shower to clean off both the sweat and urine, taking it in turns to sensually rub soap over each other, particularly their intimate parts. They later went to Mr Politt’s bedroom, where they lied down naked under the duvet and fell asleep in each other’s arms.
