
Joanne's Accident #19
  Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1996'05)

Accident #19. Joanne tells a story about a friend.

I got together with Joanne, as usual over lunch. We talked about a lot of things, but eventually came around to me asking if she had had any "interesting accidents." She smiled, her blond hair blowing in the wind (we were outside) and said, "No, nothing interesting, funny or even large. Just all my usual little dribbles, which happen so often I really don't remember them individually. But its gotten to the point that my dog knows that towards the end of our walk we always run to the house, stopping for nothing, otherwise I would wet my pants like I did that one time. I always get the door and make a mad dash for the toilet."

Joanne continued, "But I have a friend, a very pretty woman, who told me the other day about the only time she ever wet her pants, and she completely and totally soaked herself. I mean completely, her jeans were totally wet and a large puddle was around her." I was smiling and feeling turned on already, imagining as she began to tell the story that Joanne would wet her jeans right then as she told me. But no such luck.

Joanne began. "This woman was driving and was stopped for speeding. The cop pulled her over, this was during the day, and took her license and registration and went to his car to call it in. She knew she had been speeding, and felt nervous, like most people do. She wasn't at all aware that she had to pee. The cop came back to her and called her by her first name, [I'll call her Helen]. He said, "Helen, why don't you step out of the car for a minute." 'Helen' did, and just before she got out read the cops badge and called him by his first name. [I'll call the cop, Bill.] The cop wanted to make sure she wasn't driving under the influence, and when she called him Bill, he was clearly not at all happy with her. Helen said to me that she figured that if he called me by my first name, I'd do the same. But he was angry and that made her more nervous...she was sure she was going to get a major ticket."

At this point I figured that Helen must have really had to pee and Joanne was going to tell me that she wet her pants right there, but that isn't' what happened.

Joanne smiled and laughed, thinking about it. "Anyway, Helen told me that as she got out of the car she was so nervous that she forgot to put the car in gear or the break on, and as she was talking to 'Bill', her car slowly rolled backwards right into the cop's new car, making quite a dent in the police car's bumper. Both of them just stood there looking at her car rolling into his, which happened quickly, and they both walked over. The cop was furious and yelling at her, again calling her by her first name.

But no sooner did her begin to yell than Helen completely wet her pants....whoosh...she totally soaked herself and her shoes and the ground....The cop couldn't believe it and just stood there starring at her, while Helen just kept peeing in her jeans. This must have taken a good 20 seconds or so, since Helen told me she couldn't stop and there was a very large puddle around her shoes. She was totally surprised and totally out of control. Finally, she stopped and the cop was so appalled and so angry about his car he just told her to "get the hell out of there, go home and never speed again, or wet her pants in front of a police officer."

Joanne laughed. I told her that was a great story, and she said,"I knew you'd like it. Funny thing is that Helen never before had wet her pants, not ever a close call. Me, I've never peed in my pants out of being nervous, only for other reasons, but you know all about those times."

I told Joanne that it goes to show that wetting your pants sometimes is a very good way to avoid a speeding ticket. She laughed, reminding me of a time she almost, but didn't, wet her pants while getting a ticket, telling the cop as he was writing it how much she had to pee and how she was about to loose it and soak the car seat and her skirt and couldn't' she go to pee. She managed to hold on, and got a ticket. Helen completely wet her pants and got out of a ticket. There must be a lesson here.....
