Harry Potter And The Sphincter Of Steel

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Hermione Granger pushed her cart of belongings through the train station. Her Muggle parents were accompanying her to the train for this, her 6th year at Hogwarts, and while Hermione was enjoying spending these last few minutes with them, she knew she had to leave soon or miss her train. Platform 9 3/4 was before them, and it was time for Hermione to take the plunge through the bricks as she had every year. “Goodbye Mom, goodbye Dad,” she said, giving them big hugs. As her body pressed against theirs, Hermione felt a sharp pain in her lower abdomen. She had not taken a pee since the night before, and now, at 3 pm, even her ample bladder was begging for relief. Quickly, Hermione stepped away from her parents, took a breath, and ran through the solid brick wall.

“Must find a loo….stupid capacity….” Hermione muttered to herself, pushing her cart slowly to avoid the hodgepodge of other wizards and witches wishing their sons and daughters goodbye. The conductor called out that departure would be in five minutes just as Hermione found the platform’s restrooms. ‘Just in time,’ she thought, ducking inside. Thankfully there was a stall open, and Hermione entered, pulled down her skirt and white cotton panties, and began to gush into the toilet.

She peed a strong stream for a minute and a half, probably holding in excess of a liter and a half, but shockingly, Hermione was unimpressed with this output. She’d always been displeased with her bladder capacity, above average though it was. Part of this was due to a dislike of wasting the time it took to go to the toilet, but most of it was because, well, she never felt like she had to go, even when she did. Her bladder told her that she needed to empty it because it was full, usually with somewhere from 1500 – 1700 ml of pee, and if Hermione tried to ignore it and go about her day, her bladder would ache and feel more and more painfully full until she relieved it.

However, Hermione never got desperate to go. For whatever reason, perhaps genetics, perhaps training, perhaps a combination of the two, Hermione Granger had been blessed with sphincter muscles to die for. They were so strong that Hermione was sure that in all of her teen years she had never taken a pee due to desperation, only due to the pain of a full bladder. As usual for her, she thought about all this when peeing (after all, she certainly had time enough for long thoughts), and she sighed in an annoyed manner when she was finally empty before hiking up her skirt and going back out to the platform.

Hermione boarded her train, made her way through the scrum of students old and new, and began searching for a free compartment. While she did not find one, her luck got even better, as her good friends Harry Potter and Ron Weasley were in the third compartment she passed. “Hey Hermione!” Harry greeted her, pulling open the door to let her in. Ron raised his hand in greeting but remained silent. Predictably, his mouth was already full of chocolate frogs. Hermione rolled her eyes at him. “What?” Ron managed to get out through the feast of chocolate now embedded in his mouth. “Well you certainly didn’t waste any time, did you?” Hermione said, smirking in good humor. “We took out some money from my Gringotts vault,” Harry explained, “And….well, we just had to spend it on something.” ‘Oh, how did I ever make it through the summer without my friends?’ Hermione thought to herself as Ron swallowed and began to cough obnoxiously.

“So, what classes are you taking this year?” Hermione was stirred from her daydreaming by Harry’s question. “Oh…uhh…Potions, Herbology, Ancient Runes, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, and Transfiguration. You know, the usual.” She told him. Ron sniggered. “What’s so funny?” Hermione asked. Ron got a little red-faced. “Well…I was just, uh, thinking about how good of a class Divination is. Have you tried it?” He and Harry struggled to keep from laughing as Hermione’s eyes got wide, but she restrained herself from going on a Divination-induced rant. Just then the snack cart passed by, and Ron begged them to open the door so he could resupply himself with chocolate frogs. Rolling her eyes at him for what seemed like the hundredth time that day, Hermione did so, and figured while the snack cart was there she should get herself a nice bottle of pumpkin juice to pass the trip. It didn’t measure up to the pumpkin juice in the Great Hall, but it’d do.

The train ride seemed to take forever, but by 9 pm they had finally arrived at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It took so long that Hermione had had to get another bottle of pumpkin juice, but now it was all worth it. All the students, except the “lucky” first-years, got to take the horse-drawn carriages to the cathedral-like building. Once inside, they were herded into the Great Hall for the Sorting. “I hope this goes quickly, I’m famished,” Hermione whispered to her two closest friends, taking a seat at the Gryffindor table. “I know, me too!” Ron exclaimed. Harry gave him a look. “How…is that even possible?” he asked his best friend, “You had about five galleons worth of chocolate frogs!” Ron could only shrug.

The Sorting took nearly an hour, but the thrill of getting new members into the House almost made it go quickly for Hermione…almost. Shockingly, the new students were evenly divided between the four Houses, with each House gaining 15 1st years. Dumbledore then rose to speak, and Hermione groaned, anticipating a long speech of welcoming. Instead, Dumbledore cleared his voice and said, “And now, before we eat, a few words: Nitpick, shrubbery, aluminum, pastry. Hmmm….and speaking of pastries, let the feast begin!” Turkey, chicken, roast beef, rolls, potatoes, gravy, vegetables, and of course pastries magically appeared on each House’s table along with full goblets of pumpkin juice. Hermione squealed with delight, Ron and Harry high-fived, and all began to eat.

The Great Hall had a raucous atmosphere for nearly two hours, until it seemed no one could move from the amount of food they had eaten. Dumbledore then bade them all goodnight, wished them the best of luck with their classes (which unfortunately started the next day), and let each House’s prefects guide the students to their dormitories. The huge amount of food had made Hermione quite tired, and as soon as the Gryffindors reached their dorms, she bade her friends goodnight and retired to the girls’ 6th year rooms. The bushy-haired teen changed to her pajamas and got into bed. Upon lying down, she wondered if she should use the bathroom before bed. After all, she’d had goodness knows how many glasses of pumpkin juice along with some cups of water and tea. Hermione’s bladder was definitely bulging under her pajama bottoms, but she was too tired to care, and drifted off into a surprisingly comfortable sleep.

Light streamed into the room, and Hermione struggled to open her eyes. Her head was fuzzy and she felt like she was moving in slow motion. Then she checked her watch on her bedside table. 8:45! Class was at 9 sharp! She had overslept! Cursing to herself, Hermione scrambled into her robes, threw her books, parchment, and quills into her bag, and headed out of her dorm, stopping only to receive a cup of coffee from Lavender Brown, who was brewing some in the common room.

Transfiguration with Professor McGonagell was first for her that day. Hermione arrived at 9:01, just as McGonagell was making her opening remarks, and the top student received a stern look for her tardiness. Hermione could only bite her lip and shrug, but as soon as the embarrassment of lateness left her, a new feeling emerged. That coffee had made her way to her bulging bladder, and Hermione was now full to the brim. The nerves of her bladder were shooting signals to her brain, demanding emptiness. Hermione, as usual, was having absolutely no problem holding her waters inside, but the pain and sensation of such a full bladder was hurting her concentration, and her normally immaculate notes were suffering because of it. Hermione grit her teeth and bore the pain.

She knew better than to ask Minerva McGonagell for a loo break on the first day of class, after being late no less! The class dragged on and on, but at 10:15 it was over, and Hermione stood to go to her next class, Charms. This new position tightened her clothing against her rock-hard bladder, making Hermione moan a little with the pain. “Are you alright Hermione?” her classmate Neville Longbottom asked, hearing the moan. He looked overly concerned. Hermione gathered herself and managed a weak smile. “Yes, Neville, of course I’m fine. Sorry, er, I’ve got to go to Charms now, I’ll see you later I guess,” and with that Hermione was off.

Hermione made it into Charms class just before 10:30, with 19 and a half hours of pee filling her large bladder to capacity. When she sat down she moaned again, out of both pain and annoyance. Why did her bladder have to be so small?? Then she took a look at the desk in front of her. On every student’s desk was a clear jug of water. ‘Great, this is just what I need, more water…’ Hermione thought to herself, grimacing a little.

Soon Professor Flitwick entered the room, and the lecture began. Hermione wanted nothing more than to get through it quickly so she could visit a toilet before lunch, as much of an annoyance as that was. “So class, you may notice that there is a seemingly ordinary jug of water in front of each of you. Now, what I’d like you all to do is take a long drink from this jug and tell me what you notice,” he said, raising his voice to make up for his small stature. Hermione nearly hit the desk with her fist. She couldn’t, just couldn’t disobey a teacher, but did he HAVE to do this little experiment NOW? Seeing no alternative, she began to drink and had a long swig lasting almost 15 seconds. Hermione replaced the jug on the desk and looked around. Nothing in the room was different, and she didn’t feel funny.

“Anyone realize what’s wrong with this?” Flitwick asked his befuddled class. Hermione, for one of the few times in her Hogwarts career, was positively stumped. No one answered for a full minute before Seamus Finnegan hesitantly raised his hand. “Ah, Seamus my good man! Yes, what’s the matter with all this?” Seamus gulped nervously and responded to the professor, “Erm…well, sir, I was thinking, and I took a mighty long drink, see, and I’m looking at this jug, and it’s like I didn’t drink anything at all.” He finished by pointing to the still-full jug to emphasize his point. Flitwick clapped his hands.

“Good! Perfect!” he said happily, “Yes class, Seamus is correct. What I’ve done is put a special charm on all of the jugs of water in this room. The charm makes the water shrink in the jug, but keeps its density the same, so that I can put gallons upon gallons of water into a single jug! Then, when the water comes out of the jug, it loses that density and returns to normal. In effect, you could put as much water into the jug as you wanted, as long as you had a jug strong enough to hold it all! Now, let’s all practice this spell together. It’s just a flick of the wrist while saying Acto Nemorium! All together now!”

Hermione started practicing the correct wrist motion, and before long she had the spell completely learned and had successfully shrunk down the water in her jug until it barely covered the bottom of the jug. She was getting ready to try again when she felt a painful pang in her lower abdominal region. Hermione rubbed her bladder momentarily, willing it to keep from exploding with its quantity of piss, and then it hit her! Why, her bladder was just like the jug! She hesitated, wondering about the consequences if she should mess up or say the spell incorrectly. Another, harder pang from her bladder made the decision for her. As class was letting out, Hermione sucked in a deep breath, steeling herself for the worst. “Acto Nemorium.” She whispered, pointing her wand at her bladder and giving a quick flick of the wrist.

The effect was instantaneous. All of a sudden her bladder began to shrink back down! Hermione felt relief from the stretched feeling she was so accustomed to. For a moment, fear gripped her, and she felt hastily around the crotch area of her robe to see if she could detect any wetness, but she was as dry as ever! The spell had worked! The pressure on her sphincter muscles remained just the same as it had been before, but that did not bother Hermione any. She could hold back that pressure without even trying. ‘Finally!’ she thought, beaming to herself, ‘I can finally hold as much as my holding muscles will let me, not as much as my bladder’s capacity will allow!’ Hermione was so excited that before she knew it, she was the last one left in the class. Professor Flitwick gave her an odd look as the top student at Hogwarts hastily packed up her parchment and left for lunch at the Great Hall.

Harry and Ron must have wondered why Hermione looked so flushed with excitement at lunch, and why she seemed to be drinking pumpkin juice like she had just come from the desert, but she brushed them off and said she was just excited about her classes. Knowing her, Harry and Ron figured she was telling the truth and left it at that. And then it was off to classes once again at 1:00 pm, with Hermione going to Herbology and the boys going to Divination. Hermione’s bladder was presenting her with no problems, though she could feel it filling again, and she was so happy to finally be able to not worry about finding a loo during class hours.

Then it was off to her final class of the day, Ancient Runes, at 2:30, and by 3 pm, Hermione’s 24 hour bladder had filled substantially from the liters of pumpkin juice she’d had at lunch. The pain was beginning again, and Hermione’s concentration began to waver. ‘Alright, that’s it, time for another dose of magic to solve this problem!’ she thought. Hermione pretended to shift in her seat, but was really getting her wand in position underneath her robes. “Acto Nemorium!” she hissed in the silent classroom. Her bladder began to deflate before her eyes once again, and still the accumulated pee was not causing her holding muscles any difficulty. ‘Why, I could just do this forever! It would give me so much more time to study!’ Hermione thought, blushing excitedly.

After class, Hermione walked back to the common room. On her way, she passed Moaning Myrtle’s bathroom and grinned, knowing she didn’t have to try and relieve herself with Myrtle making a racket. A few first-years raced into the bathroom as she turned the corner, and Hermione laughed, knowing they were in for a shock when Myrtle made her presence known. Once back in the common room, Hermione read her books and chatted aimlessly with whoever was around until dinnertime. Then she accompanied Ron and Harry to the Great Hall and had another couple dozen glasses of pumpkin juice and water (or so it seemed to Ron and Harry, at least, with how fast Hermione was putting them down).

“Geez Hermione, you’re going to be rushing to the girl’s bathroom if you keep that up,” Ron said with bewilderment. Hermione blushed a little. “Oh don’t be silly Ronald, a girl can wait a while if she wants.” She replied to him. “If you say so…” Ron answered. Hermione’s snappiness annoyed him, and Ron decided to get even. He pulled from under his robes a small box. It was a new prototype from Fred and George’s gag shop. In the fine tradition of puking pastilles and nosebleed nougat, the box contained a pill that would help one get out of class…or rather, help class not happen at all. The pill, called a Pissing Pill (“Not our greatest name, I’ll admit,” George had told Ron, laughing) acted as a super diuretic, multiplying the amount of urine in one’s bladder over and over, continuously until they went to the bathroom.

“Just pop it in a teacher’s drink and they’ll be jumping out of the room in minutes!” Fred had said excitedly. “So they’ll be running back and forth all class?” Ron asked him. “Erm…not quite. It stops working after they use the bathroom, so you’ll get a few free minutes, just enough time to do something…mischievous.” George had told him with a smirk, “But until then, it’ll just keep making them have to go more and more, no end to it until they go, so it’s guaranteed to work!” Wearing a mischievous grin of his own, Ron snuck the pill into his pumpkin juice, watched it dissolve, and handed it to a still-thirsty Hermione.

It was 8 pm when the three friends returned from the Great Hall. Hermione was nearly doubled over in bladder pain as they reached the common room. She knew that all that pumpkin juice would fill her up, but goodness did it fill her up fast! “Be right back,” she mouthed to Harry and Ron before taking off for her dorm room. They assumed she was going to the bathroom, and Ron couldn’t suppress a laugh at how quickly the tide had turned. Hermione, however, did not avail herself to the facilities just yet. Instead she found a quiet corner, muttered her spell, and sighed in relief as her bladder deflated once again. But this time, she noticed that she really needed to clamp down with her sphincter muscles to stay in firm control of the flood inside of her. ‘Ah well, that’s what they’re there for,’ Hermione thought, returning to talk to her friends.

Upon returning, no more than five minutes had passed before Ron started making jokes about how Hermione’s bladder wasn’t really as strong as she’d claimed. Hermione let him have his fun, but Ron, in his pig-headedness, did not stop after one or two jokes. Finally Hermione had had enough and shouted at him to shut up. Then she revealed the secret of the spell she had learned to both Harry and Ron…..and to Lavender Brown, who happened to be listening in on the conversation.

“Hey everybody!” Lavender shouted out to the full common room, “Hermione Granger says she can last for ages without a piss! Let’s see if we can get her to go!” With that, Lavender pulled out a case of butterbeer. Hermione’s eyes got a little wider, but, knowing how much she was already containing, she figured this butterbeer wouldn’t pose too much of a threat to her awesome control. The Pissing Pill would disagree.

By 11 pm, Hermione had downed the entire case of butterbeer, plus countless glasses of water and juice that her fellow Gryffindors had saw fit to provide her with. To their great delight, she had continued to use her spell to keep her bladder under control. For once, Hermione was the most popular girl in the room, and she was relishing the attention that her holding abilities were getting her, even as her sphincter tired more and more from the combination of drinks, the Pissing Pill, and 32 hours of holding. Now that things were calming down, Hermione began to hold herself through her robes. Her knees bent inward in a pigeon-toed stance. Even the prodigious abilities of her iron sphincter muscles were being tested.

“You’ve proved your point Hermione, now why don’t you just go?” Harry offered, but Hermione would have none of it. “I can hold it as long as I want, thank you very much.” She told him. Ron looked troubled, so Hermione asked him what was the matter, and he spilled the beans about the Pissing Pill. “Why I oughta….,” Hermione started, before reconsidering, “You know, I’m actually glad you did that to me, because it just goes to show that my bladder can handle the absolute worst you can do! My sphincter is invincible! And since it is, I think I’ll be off to bed….with no visit to the little girl’s room!” And Hermione stormed away in a huff to her room. With the enormous pressure held back by her sphincter, sleep did not come easily for Hermione that night, but she was determined, and fell into a light sleep around midnight.

Hermione was awoken at 8 am the next morning by the feeling of totally stretched skin across her abdomen. She groggily looked down and realized just how much work the Pissing Pill had done! Her abdomen was distended inches away from her body, more than she’d ever seen it before. The other girls, also waking up, saw this and couldn’t believe their eyes.

“What a bladder!” Hermione heard someone say under their breath. Hastily Hermione grabbed her wand, said her magic words “Acto Nemorium!”, and watched the bulge go down. The pressure, however, would not decrease, and Hermione had to fan her legs violently to stay in control of herself. She actually started considering going to the toilet, but then saw everyone in the dorm room staring at her, and realized that she had a newfound reputation to maintain! “Don’t worry girls, it’s just a little tough to control in the morning, that’s all,” Hermione said quickly. There was a pause, and then one of the fourth-year girls chimed in “Yeah, morning pees are the worst! I’m always bursting when I get up.” Everyone began to relate their own morning pee stories, and Hermione was happy to have them all distracted from her own incredible need to pee.

Hermione’s first class was not until 10 am, so while the other girls left for classes, Hermione had time to try and get her bladder under control. Her sphincter would have none of it, finally pushed to its breaking point. Hermione was forced to pee dance alone in the girls’ dormitory to stay in control. But for some reason her pride refused to let her take a pee break. Her status now depended on the gigantic amount of pressure held behind her aching sphincter muscles. Still she battled on, double crossing her legs and kneading her crotch with both hands. The Pissing Pill seemed to be working overtime, and Hermione felt the pressure she was holding back double every few minutes.

Hermione used her spell every ten minutes from 9 am onward, as her bladder began to fill and refill at an entirely rapid pace thanks to the Pissing Pill. Without the spell it seemed her bladder would explode! Her legs were shaking as she got her books together for Potions class. She couldn’t concentrate at all, but she somehow stumbled down from the dorms in time to be in the class at exactly 10 am. There she sat, next to her huge cauldron, whimpering, pee dancing in her seat, and using her spell every few minutes. The pressure was becoming too much for even her conditioned sphincter muscles to handle. Professor Slughorn, their Potions teacher, rambled on for a while before giving them a task for the day. “Give me a potion that will impress me! Anything you like!” he bellowed heartily. Instantly the students went to the cupboard to collect supplies.

But not Hermione. She was in such a state, gasping for breath to use her spell and holding her crotch openly, that she couldn’t even bear the thought of walking to the cupboard to find supplies for the assignment. She’d never known such pressure could come against her iron sphincter, and for the first time in her life, Hermione realized that her sphincter couldn’t hold on forever. Its limit was being rapidly approached, and she had perhaps minutes to act. By chance, Harry was also in this Potions class, and seeing Hermione’s current predicament, he saw fit to get her some random supplies. He set them on her desk and asked if she was alright, but she waved him away before desperately whispering “Acto Nemorium!” once again.

At 11 am, Professor Slughorn called a halt to the assignment and decided to go around the room and assess the finished potions everyone had made in order to judge the winner for the day. From Neville’s foul-smelling green odor, to Harry’s musky purple potion, to Malfoy’s fully hardened blue potion, nothing caught the eye of Slughorn, and he sighed sadly.

The only other sound in the room besides Slughorn’s continually unimpressed sighs was the sound of Hermione’s voice, as she was now reduced to hissing “Acto Nemorium!” every few seconds to avoid disaster. Hermione was last to be checked. She was beside herself with desperation now, the Pissing Pill having worked even on her, the master of her own bladder. She was stamping her feet wildly under her desk and moaning in pure agony. Her muscles were at their limits, they simply couldn’t hold more than a few seconds longer. Hermione didn’t know how she had lasted through the class, but after 44 hours, her willpower was spent and she could think of nothing but relief.

“My, my, Hermione, what’s this?” Slughorn asked, puzzled and pointing to her empty cauldron. Hermione managed to tilt her head towards him, then with a burst of desperate energy she shoved all of the ingredients Harry had placed on her desk into the giant cauldron. Before Slughorn could comment further, Hermione lifted herself up onto the desk, tore off her robes, leaned back, and let go with an absolute blast of pee into the cauldron. She was sweating and shaking as the relief finally came to her after so long.

Her long-held piss quickly drenched everything in her cauldron and showed no signs of stopping. The entire class was silent, save for Hermione’s cries of relief and joy and the thundering splatter of her jet of piss hitting the cauldron. Because of the amazing density Hermione’s pee had acquired in her bladder, this torrent went on and on for almost 20 minutes before Hermione had peed herself dry and gotten rid of everything she had drank in the last two days. Finally empty, Hermione fell back and closed her eyes, exhausted beyond belief. She felt like she couldn’t even clench her sphincter if her life depended on it.

She looked up when she heard the sound of clapping. Slughorn was clapping for her. ‘Is he applauding that huge pee??’ Hermione thought, finding that odd for a professor to do. Then she looked down at her cauldron and realized that, not only had she filled it to the absolute brim, but that her pee had actually combined with all of the ingredients to make a sweet-smelling pink potion! “In all my years I’ve never seen anything like that,” Slughorn told her, “Very unorthodox, but by all means very effective! I should say that’s 20 points to Griffyndor.” Hermione could only smile in shock and marvel at what a truly full bladder could accomplish.

###

COMMENTS

huberp76 - Nov 12, 2018

Many girls don`t know how it feels when the bladder is full to burst, they start to leak long before. Only girls with a strong sphincter know how full a bladder can get and how much it can hurt to hold it for extreme long.

I love girls with a huge bladder, with a strong sphincter an a good willpower to hold it. Girls with a bulging bladder up to their navel.

