Six Bursting Bladders And Me

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

One day my tomboy cousin Kate invited me over to a special day at her place. She’d known about my pee holding fetish for years, just as I had known about hers. Kate would host a holding contest with some other women once a month, and all of them were exceptionally well-versed in the art of holding it. Kate asked them all at the last one if they would mind having a guy watching the whole time, and they had agreed that it’d be fun. Thus, I was invited!

The holding party began at noon, so I was at Kate’s by 11. She was just tidying up in her short jeans shorts, tank top, and baseball cap, and let me in with a smile. Soon the other women began to arrive as well. There was Clarissa, the blonde schoolteacher who never relieved herself at school, Jan, the biker chick who would last for miles without a pee, Autumn, a nature-lover and activist who would drink liters of diuretic herbal teas without a bathroom break and who had concluded that flushing the toilet wasted water, Monique, the African-American nurse who would gladly take on a double shift without a restroom visit, and Vicky, the Latina businesswoman whose bowling ball-sized bladder prevented her from ever having to miss important parts of long meetings.

Everyone gave me the once over when they got there, and all the women had nothing but approving glances and smiles for me. It was clear that having me here to watch this was as exciting for them as it was for me. For a while the women just stood, chatting aimlessly with one another. Just as the clock struck noon, Kate brought out a bunch of gallon jugs which marked how much was in them. She handed one out to each woman, and before I knew what was happening, they were all dropping their bottoms and relieving themselves, right in the living room! Seeing my look of incredulousness and glee, Kate explained that they all wanted to empty themselves so that it was fair. It took over a minute for all the pee streams to finally subside, and afterwards the women decided to see what they’d been carrying in their bladders.

Jan had the least with 800 ml, followed by Clarissa with 950 ml, Kate with 1000 ml, Monique with 1200 ml, Autumn with 1250 ml, and Vicky with 1400 ml. None of the women had even looked like they had a slight urge to go before emptying, so to say I was anticipating some good performances was an understatement! “Like what you see?” Monique asked me, grinning, as the women pulled up their panties and pants. I could only nod, my mouth was so dry. The other women giggled a bit, and then Kate left, only to return from the kitchen with a huge case of water bottles. Each woman took one and began to drink…

By 5 pm each woman had consumed 3 bottles of water, and no one looked even the slightest bit desperate. Everyone was making casual conversation, sharing stories, and having a good time. It was almost as if the holding contest was forgotten…except for the fact that no one went to use Kate’s loo. I was generally just standing to the side and enjoying being a part of the action, but occasionally one of the women would come up and flirt with me. Monique was the most brazen, even grabbing my crotch at one point. It was a little after 5 when Kate polled everyone, and it was decided that it was time to get some dinner. We all piled into Kate’s van, and she’d made sure to give everyone one more water bottle “for the road”.

We arrived at the restaurant and each woman made sure to order a large Coke with their meal. The food took forever to arrive, and we didn’t finish up until 7 pm. I looked around, but still none of the women looked like they had an urge. I was as horny as could be thinking of how much each woman had had to drink. I suspected we were going to return to Kate’s to finish the contest, but the girls had other ideas, and before I knew it we were off to a dance club for alcohol and dancing.

The women decided on more drinks before dancing, and Kate raised her pint of beer to the others and said, “Ladies, here’s to our huge, iron bladders and never having to relieve ourselves at a club like this.” The women cheered and drank. I couldn’t believe how long the contest was lasting with this sort of volume intake, but before I knew it the ladies had all polished off 3 pints of highly diuretic beer and had gone to dance in their skimpy outfits. I just stayed at the table and watched them, but after an hour of that I saw Monique talking to Kate, and then Monique walked over and pulled me onto the dance floor.

She began grinding on me as I tried desperately to control myself. Soon Monique began dirty talking in my ear, however, and then I couldn’t help myself, putting my hands all over one of my cousin’s best friends and grinding back. Curious and overheated with sexual desire, I ran my hands over her bladder region and felt a huge lump! Unable to resist, I pushed on it a little. Monique groaned and bent down, her legs pressing together, before regaining her composure. “Oh you naughty boy! You’re lucky my bladder’s strong enough to handle that sort of thing, even when I’m this full,” Monique whispered sexily. We kept dancing, my hands going intermittently to her boobs and bladder.

Around 11 at night Kate finally rounded up the girls and we headed back to her place, me driving. By now, all the women were complaining of a large need to relieve themselves. I was anticipating an amazing show when we got back, so imagine my surprise when Kate began to pull out sleeping bags, blankets, and pillows to accommodate her guests. “Wait…you mean no one’s gonna pee until tomorrow??” I asked them incredulously. “We’re all 24 hour girls here. It shouldn’t be too much trouble,” Kate told me, a gleam in her eye. Furthering my excitement even more, the women elected to sleep in the nude, and before I knew it I was basking in a room full of women with obviously bulging bladders.

All the bulges were amazingly impressive, as well as the fact that all the women did little more than squeeze their legs together and let out little “oohs” and “aahs” to keep themselves under control. Autumn, Monique, and Vicky seemed to have the biggest bulges, but everyone was stretched tremendously. Then the girls encircled me and let me feel and rub each of their bladder bulges. Their bellies were rockhard, but I suspected that they could all hold more, as no one did more than wince and gasp when I felt them. Then it was time to sleep, 12 hours after the contest started – me and 6 incredible bulging bladder babes.

When I awoke, I was all alone in Kate’s room. I saw disheveled blankets and pillows, and then I heard the women in the living room. A clock told me it was 10 am, and I was just hoping I hadn’t missed the entire end of the contest! I entered the living room and nearly blew my load right there! The women were all there, all obviously dying to pee. Their huge quantities of beer piss, held overnight, along with all the water, had to be pushing at their sphincters with renewed force, and each woman was sporting an unbelievable bulge now! It was like the sizes of the bulges had doubled! Oh, and they were all still naked, making this beyond my wildest fantasy.

Despite their obvious fidgeting and subdued pee dances, each woman turned and greeted me when I entered the room. “You didn’t think we’d let the show end without you, did you?” Kate smiled. “We told you we’re all 24 hour girls, after all,” Clarissa added. Everyone continued to fidget, and I noticed a cooler behind Vicky containing more beer! “Ah yes, we’ve each had one pint of beer since we woke up, and I believe it’s time for a second!” Vicky said, grabbing some bottles and passing them out. The amount of beer piss each woman had to be holding back was enormous! And yet they all chugged down the second beer and continued to hold.

Amazingly, just as they said they would, all the women made it until noon without pissing out their tremendous loads, making them 24 hour beer piss girls, an astounding accomplishment. But the strain on their bladders was taking its toll. Clarissa was seated on a chair with her legs double crossed and a hand trying desperately to weave its way into her crotch, but her giant bladder bulge was making it impossible to do so. Jan was pee dancing around the room like crazy, never staying still for more than a few seconds and hitching her words when she tried to speak.

Kate and Monique were sitting hunched over on the sofa, talking to one another and trying not to fidget, but failing miserably. Vicky was sitting next to them, leaning back with her legs spread to give her bladder extra room to expand, but her legs were shaking badly and she had a hand glued to her pussy. Autumn was in a corner of the room, squatting and clutching her belly. “No cheating Autumn! Don’t let any out!” Kate shouted over to her. “Nothing’s coming out,” Autumn replied desperately, “I’m gonna win! My bladder can take it.” Each woman’s bladder was bulging obscenely now, and when I went around to touch them every lady gave a pained response. Their skin was stretched tight, bladders exploding, and I knew the contest would have to end soon.

Jan was the first one to lose her load. Her pee dancing got more and more frantic until she finally yelled and squatted over her jug. “Oooooh, I don’t know how you ladies are still holding it, that hurt so bad!” she breathed, hissing away. It was clear that the others could barely stand to hear such a stream at a time like this. Everyone’s fidgeting had increased twofold.

“Finish already!” Autumn shouted at her as Jan’s stream continued past the minute mark. The other women concurred, but Jan kept peeing unabated for at least another minute. “Stats!” Kate called out once the stream had finally died out. “Whew,” Jan heaved, “Um….ok, 24 hours 22 minutes of holding, and…let’s see…2025 ml!” The remaining women gave her a cheer before returning to the task of caring for their massively oversized and overtaxed bladders. Oh, and Kate passed out another beer for everyone to drink, telling me that the rule was that every time someone lost it, the rest of them had to drink another beer to add to their pressures. I could barely believe what I was seeing.

I drifted into a haze of horniness while the five girls fought to contain their pent up pee for a longer and longer time. What broke me out of it was hearing “Ahhh fuck it! I’m out!” come from none other than my tomboy cousin, the girl whom I’d known to have a totally iron bladder, Kate. She’d had both hands digging into her crotch, but it was not enough, and she squatted and hissed her pee into her jug. “Fuuuuuck,” was all she could manage to get out, moaning with the relief. The pee continued to splash out of her for what seemed like longer than Jan’s pee, and finally we got the official marks. “Let’s see….oh my gosh….um….we’ve got 24 hours 55 minutes of holding time….and….2245 ml!” Kate announced proudly, sweating and still trying to get her breath back. “Not bad…for…a tomboy…” Monique grinned at her between bladder spasms.

The contest continued, with the remaining four women crossing into the 25 hour mark and drinking yet another beer. Its diuretic properties were soon taking effect, as each woman was battling greater and greater pressures with severely weakened sphincter muscles. Clarissa, Autumn, Monique, and Vicky all stared at each other, willing someone to break down and flood their jug. The amount of piss desperation in the room was reaching a fever pitch, with each woman squirming and gasping to retain their amazing loads of beer piss. It seemed that any minute someone had to give in to the pain and release their overtaxed muscles, but they all fought to keep waiting. The clock began to tick towards the 26th hour of the hold, with Kate, Jan, and I cheering them on.

Then Vicky’s bladder began to spasm harder than anything up til that point. Immediately she groaned and pressed her hands into her pussy to stem the tides, but the Latina businesswoman’s bladder was officially on overload. She barely managed to squat over her jug in time, and then the piss burst out of her with unrelenting pressure. Vicky’s breath hissed through her teeth, sweat matting her dark black hair, and it seemed like her bladder was so full that peeing did not offer immediate relief. She continued to clutch at her deflating abdomen until finally feeling some relief at the 1:30 mark of her amazing piss. At almost 3 minutes she dripped dry, and after another minute Vicky was able to regain enough of her sensibilities to tell us all what we were dying to know. “I held for…25 hours and 44 minutes…and I pissed 2315 ml!” she exclaimed, holding the half-full jug in front of us.

And then there were three. Whose bladder would prove to be the strongest? The teacher, the nurse, or the conservationist? Each of them made it into the 26th hour with no additional problems, though it was clear that they were all on their last legs in terms of holding ability, and once again the extra beer did them no favors. This contest had reduced three of the most iron bladdered women in the world into desperate schoolgirls.

The irony of this was not lost on Clarissa, who said between gritted teeth that she looked just like some of her students right now. She had risen from her chair and was desperately squirming around the room. Autumn was still squatting in her corner, legs pressed into each other and looking like she was mere moments away from an explosion. Her face was a mask of sweat and concentration, but she grimly refused to give in. Monique was on the couch, changing position frequently, and letting out a constant stream of “ooohs” and “aaahs” to prevent herself from letting out her stream of piss.

By 26 hours and 30 minutes, it was clear that the additional beer was working overdrive in each lady’s bladder to force her to end this contest. Their bladders were distended to crazy degrees. Clarissa was now jumping up and down with her fingers dug into her pussy, butt flexing hard to stave off the onrushing tides of pee. Autumn was groaning in an agonized way as her bladder continued to expand against its wishes. She looked to be the fullest of the three, though it was tough to see her bladder bulge from how she was squatting. Monique had a hand on her pussy and was actually masturbating to keep in her flood. It seemed to be working, but barely. All three bladders were maxed out, even with each woman’s impressive capacity.

To the surprise of everyone in the room, all three ladies refused to surrender and surpassed 27 hours. Kate, Vicky, Jan, and I were busy congratulating them when Clarissa finally gave out a groan of total agony. It was a groan of defeat, one that signified that her sphincter had finally caved to the awesome pressure put against it. She couldn’t even move from her pretzeled position, butt still flexing mightily to try and cut off her flow, so Kate had to act fast and throw Clarissa’s jug underneath her just as Clarissa began to spurt.

Amazingly, Clarissa still didn’t want to accept defeat, and as a result she continued to just spurt involuntarily for a few minutes, until the jug was up to 500 ml of just spurts! Then her willpower crumbled and Clarissa let the rest of her gushing pee out willingly into the jug. Her stream was the fastest yet, nearly knocking the jug over with its force. It took less than 2 minutes for her to empty. Finally we were ready for the official results. “Whew….alright, I held for 27 hours 5 minutes, and….i held 2400 ml!” Clarissa was obviously pleased with the result of her statistics, even if she didn’t win.

That meant one more beer for Autumn and Monique, and they both moaned as soon as it was chugged down. The beer piss contained in their bladders was reaching epic proportions. Both women’s endurance was flagging, but being so close to the finish line, they dug deep and refused to break. We managed to convince Autumn to stumble over to the sofa to sit next to Monique, and the sight of their bladder bulges was a wonder to behold. They looked gigantic, nearly pregnant with pee! It was obvious both women were in a great deal of pain from how stretched their bladders were, but neither would fold.

The women passed 28 hours as Kate informed me that this was some of the best holding they’d seen at a competition. Both women looked equally determined and equally at the end of their rope. Their sphincters simply couldn’t stand this pressure forever, and their bladders were hurting from the amount of beer that was being forced into them. The two continued to make their bodies contain the awful loads, each waiting for the submission of the other. The room was silent but for the squirming and shouting of the two women as they fought with each other and with their totally overinflated bladders. They looked to be about to bust. Autumn was shaking and letting out high pitched noises, and I could see sweat drops running over her bulbous, iron bladder. She was in great pain and seemed to be seconds from giving in. Monique had her eyes shut in firm concentration, both hands between her crossed legs as she fought to maintain control for a few minutes longer.

At 28 hours 20 minutes Autumn beckoned desperately for the jug. Monique’s eyes widened. She was seconds from victory! Autumn let out an animalistic groan and squatted over it, but nothing came out. Seconds passed with nothing but whimpering from Autumn, but still she did not pee. Then, steeling herself, Autumn bit down, pushed away the jug defiantly, and sat back on the couch. She had, against all odds, reconsidered and decided to force her bladder to hold just a few more moments. No one could believe it, least of all Monique, who had seen her victory snatched away from her. The psychological blow was too much for her. Her bladder was too heavy, throbbing too much, and was too close to exploding to be contained any longer.

Monique took her jug, hung her head in defeat, and unleashed a torrent of pent up beer piss into the jug. Even after watching everyone else, I couldn’t believe she had contained such pressure, and my dick was so hard it hurt as I watched her finally release. Her stream went on and on as Autumn continued to sit and hold back her own flood, tears now forming in her eyes from the pain. Monique pissed for 3 and a half minutes before emptying out. She began to check the volume as Autumn mouthed “Hurry”. It was clear that the poor girl was down to just seconds of control. “Ok, my stats are 28 hours and 24 minutes held, and 2515 ml!” Monique told us. Then we all looked expectantly at the winner. Autumn was sweating profusely, in obvious pain, holding a magnificently bloated bladder, and it was clear that she was the definite winner of this holding contest.

Finally Autumn beckoned once more for the jug, and this time her incredible beer piss hit it before she was even fully squatting. She let out a ringing high-pitched sigh as her long-held pee finally got to exit her overly tired bladder. “Can’t….believe…I held….so much…” she gasped as her stream intensified. Autumn’s face was the picture of relief as she released her golden shower into the gallon jug. “She’s gonna fill it!” Kate said, drawing a smirk from everyone, even Autumn. As Autumn’s bladder finally emptied, it seemed as though she was in a near-orgasmic state of pleasure. “Finally…” she said, rubbing her now-flat tummy. “Well, how much did you hold?? Stats!” Clarissa prompted her. It was clear that we were all dying to know the final outcome. “Ok, here goes,” Autumn said, looking at the jug, “I held for 28 hours and 30 minutes…and I held exactly 2600 ml!”

“New record!” Kate shouted enthusiastically. We all congratulated Autumn and marveled at the amount of pee she’d kept inside herself. It was clear that she’d pushed herself to the absolute limit.

As it was afternoon, the ladies got ready to depart shortly after Autumn lost her load. Clarissa was just leaving as I saw Kate conversing in a low voice with Monique. I thought nothing of it, continuing to wish people well as they left. Then Kate came up to me a few minutes later. “Um…so…I thought you should know…Monique thinks you’re cute, and she’s wondering if maybe you’d like to go out sometime,” Kate said, before lowering her voice to a sexy whisper, “Oh…and she also thinks that it would be very helpful if you would help her with her bladder capacity so that she can do better next month.” My jaw nearly hit the floor, but somehow I managed to maintain my composure. I glanced over at Monique, and she gave me an uncharacteristically shy wave as her face reddened a tad. I looked back at my cousin. “Tell her I’d love to.”

Final Statistics

6th place – Jan – 24 hours 22 minutes – 2025 ml

5th place – Kate – 24 hours 55 minutes – 2245 ml

4th place – Vicky – 25 hours 44 minutes – 2315 ml

3rd place – Clarissa – 27 hours 5 minutes – 2400 ml

2nd place – Monique – 28 hours 24 minutes – 2515 ml

1st place – Autumn – 28 hours 30 minutes – 2600 ml

