Naughty place pee

Author: Heather (2002-04-09 at 06:49) f W#61153

My soon-to-be in laws were over at my place, en mass…checking me out before the wedding, I assume, because they never bothered to visit me bofore I got engaged to their son… I, of course, killed myself cleaning and preparing a nice luncheon. I did wear panties, trying to be rather decent for them, but when my fiancee grabbed a handful of fabric instead of my bare ass cheek when he copped a feel during a private moment in the kitchen, he didn’t say a word, just pulled until it tore apart! I had to remove whar was left…and then there I sat, at the dining room table drinking coffee and making small talk, pantiless.

After all the nerves and then all the coffee, I did have to pee, but in my apartment, the bathroom is directly off the dining room, and I would’ve died before I went in there and tinkled for everyone to hear. Besides, the amount I had to go, it’d be a loud gush, just not ladylike enough for the new in laws. I crossed my legs and started jiggling the top one, but, as my table has a glass top, I soon realized what I was doing and stopped. I excused myself and went into the kitchen, thinking to maybe pee in a cup, or something, but my fourteen year old sister-in-law to be followed me in, offering to “help”.

I told her I didn’t need any help, but she just stood there looking at me. Finally she took a deep breath and asked where my other bathroom was. I only have one, I moaned, and realized she was in the same predicament as me!!!

“I can’t pee with all those people out there!” she whispered. “Me either!” I confided. We stood a minute, actually kind of danced about a bit, as we thought. I reached for a cup, and laughed out loud as I came to the conclusion that this was definately not going to be large enough.

When I laughed, a trickle of warm urine squirted out of me and ran down my leg. My fiancee’s mother was suddenly standing there frowning”. May I help you two young ladies?” she inquired haughtily. We mumbled no, and she practically ordered us to return to the table. At least sitting down helped to stop the urge a bit. But after another few sips of coffee, I felt the pressure back, full force, and when I looked at Sue (the 14 year old), I could tell she was equally as desparate, she actually had her hand in her crotch, poorly concealed under her napkin.

“Sue,” I managed a normal voice even though my entire twat was pulsating from the tension of holding back the urine, “Would you like to come out to my terrace and see my, uh, plants?” Too eagerly, the girl jumped up, knocking over a glass of water in her haste. That turned out to be a fine decoy, however, as the old battle-axe began tsk tsking and blotting at the mess with her napkin. The two of us darted towards the sliding glass door that led to my fourth floor terrace. I rushed over to the low wall, sat on it with my butt hanging way over, and just let it out. The pee lasted a good long time, and I breathed a massive sigh of relief, then peeked over at Sue. She was still standing there, with her hand jammed tightly up into her crotch.

“I can’t!” she hissed. I sympathized with her, as she was wearing tight jeans, and was unable to pee as freely as I just had. Already a small wet circle was evident at her crotch. “The plant!” I pointed to a bedraggled petunia. Sue ran to the plant, peeled down her jeans, crouched over it, and let go. The pee bubbled up over the dirt, finally flooding over and puddling on the cement surface of my terrace. In a flash, Sue pulled up her jeans again, but not before I noticed that she wasn’t wearing any panties. I realized right then we’d get along fine as sister’s in laws!!!

After pasting smiles on or faces, we re-entered the dining room, where they were just finishing up wiping the spill. I totally thought we’d gotted away with it, until, upon walking them out to the parking lot after their visit, each of us had to step over a wide yellow puddle directly in the center of the sidewalk. My future mother-in-law smirked and said, “This looks like urine; darling, I presume your’e going to find a place with more, ahh, private toilet facilities after the wedding, won’t you?” I’d have been mortified for weeks, but upon returning up to my apartment, I looked out the window and could absolutly clearly see the car she was riding in pull over 1/2 way down the block at a service station the old battle-axe get out, and run faster than you’d imagine for a woman of her age and in high heels, to the restroom. Alas, it was unlocked, and I can assume only that she made it before she wet herself.

PS. Sue is going to be my maid of honor, we are definately going to have to find a wildly innappropriate place to pee at my wedding!
