Becky's Wetting

Author: --A-- (1996'07)

(Author's disclaimer: all the characters in this story are over the age of 18. It is a fantasy story, and I would in no way advocate this type of mother/daughter relationship in reality.)

Becky sat in her room one day and was very bored. She was a pretty 18 year old girl - she was slim, had long brown hair and very pretty green eyes. She was wearing a white button-down shirt, white cotton panties and tight jeans. She was considering doing her homework, but she figured she would wait until her mother got out of the shower, so she could go pee before she started doing her history. Wow, she really had a lot to study for the next day! Her test was going to be oral, and she was going to have to answer her teacher's questions in her teacher's office with two other girls who had also been out with the flu the week of the regular exam. Becky couldn't even think about her coming exam without her face turning red and her legs shaking. She was very nervous.

'What if I don't know the answer? Or what if I do know it, but I just can't say it? I'm so scared!'

Well, as usual, Becky's face flushed and she started shivering. And something else happened too. She hoped she was imagining it in her nervousness, and looked down at her lap.

'Oh no!' Becky said softly to herself. 'I went in my pants a little! And it shows! Mom says if I have another accident I'm gonna get in a lot of trouble!'

Becky got up slowly, so no more pee would come out, and started to walk over to her dresser to get some dry jeans and panties. Becky really liked tight jeans, and stepped in front of her full-length mirror to look at herself in them. Her jeans looked really good today! They accented her hips, and pulled tight around her crotch. She turned around and looked behind her to admire her ass. She could see her bikini panty lines her jeans were so tight. Mmmm.... she loved the panties she was wearing.... thin white cotton with lace.... She caressed her ass, and moved her hand down her crack, until it reached her crotch. Becky was getting horny. When her hand got to her denim-clad vagina, she suddenly felt the wetness between her legs, and remembered she still had to change before....

'What are you doing young lady?' Becky's mother was standing in the doorway, now fully dressed and finished with her shower. She was a young mother of 35, though she looked 25, at the most. She an equally strong affinity for tight jeans as her daughter's, and had decided to wear hers today too. 'Close your door if you're gonna be doing that.'

Becky turned bright red again, and prayed she wouldn't wet her pants again. She was so embarrassed . But then she realized that she was off the hook, and her mom hadn't noticed.

'O-Okay, mom. Sorry.'

'Wait a minute,' her mother said, just as she was about to close Becky's door and leave. 'Come over here, Rebecca.'

Becky slowly walked over to her mother. 'Did you have another accident?'

'No mom, I was just downstairs and spilled some milk in my lap.'

'That's not what it looks like to me.'

Rebecca looked down and saw that she must have wet her pants a little more when her mother had startled her, and some pee had trickled down her leg, halfway to her knee. It no longer looked like spilled milk.

'Come here,' her mother said, looking very upset. Her mother untucked Becky's white shirt from the waistband of her jeans, and looked at the bottom of it, where the buttons ended. It was wet, and slightly yellow.

'This isn't milk, young lady.' Becky's mother then unbuttoned Becky's jeans and unzipped them. Becky was silent in her embarrassment over her accident, as her mother put her hand in Becky's pants to feel her panties. She felt her mother's hand press against her wet panties, probably just like she used to check Becky's diapers when she was little. 'Now, young lady, tell me what you did.'

'I peed in my pants.'

'You what?'

'I peed in my pants by mistake.'

'What did I tell you about peeing in your pants?'

'You said I'm gonna be punished if did it again like last time when we were watching the movie.'

'That's right. Now, you're getting a spanking! Like a little girl.'

Becky's mother proceeded to bring her over to her bed, and drape Becky over her knee. She then spanked Becky ten or so times over her tight jeans.

Becky knew she didn't deserve this punishment, but then again it was like the boy who cried wolf. She and her mother had been sitting watching a movie the other night, and Becky had decided to pee in her pants instead of getting up and going to the bathroom like she was supposed to. Her mother had been furious, because Becky had left a big stain on her mother's bed which she and her mother had been sitting on. Becky hadn't thought it would show, but she had been really wrong.

She had kind of liked the warm, wet feeling of pee filling up her tight jeans, and trickling into her ass crack and wetting the denim. But when she looked down to her crotch, she knew she was in trouble. Becky couldn't for the life of her, figure out why she had thought it wouldn't show. Her mother wouldn't hear any excuse, and sent her to her room with her wet jeans squishing against her crotch and ass all the way. Becky had taken off her jeans and put them in a plastic laundry bag for the following week. She had felt so dumb, and so embarrassed. But a little naughty and playful at the same time.

So, now she was getting it. It was no use trying to explain that this was an accident. She took her punishment like a big girl, even if she felt like a little girl, getting spanked for going in her pants. When her spanking was over, Becky's mother stood her up.

'Now young lady, for the next month, you have no toilet privileges!'

Becky's eyes widened. 'What do you mean?'

'I mean,' said her mother,' that once you come home from school, you will not use the toilet. All of your bathroom trips will be in your pants, because you seem to like it that way. You can shower, but you can't pee in the shower. You can put your messes in the toilet after you make them in your pants.'

'What?'

'Rebecca, I'll demonstrate this for you once and then I'll expect you to do as you're told.' And with that, her young, sexy mother got a look of concentration on her face, and Becky watched as the back of her mother's jeans got a lump in them. 'I want you to do like I just did, and then empty your mess in the toilet.'

Becky followed her mother's sexy ass into the bathroom where her mother emptied her mess, wiped, and threw her panties away. Rebecca was stunned.

'Now, young lady, finish peeing in your pants and then you can shower. I'm going to check you every five hours for the next month to check on your punishment.'

Becky's face flushed red as she relaxed the muscles of here now aching bladder, and felt her panties filling up with warm pee, and felt the urine flow down her legs into a yellow puddle on the floor. Becky had never wet her pants standing up before, and found it very embarrassing. Her mother standing there watching her pee in her pants didn't help matters either.

'Now young lady, tell me what you just did.'

'I peed in my pants,' she answered. She felt a slight desire to mess in her jeans, but she'd do that later. She was actually beginning to like standing in her tight jeans, with wet urine clinging to the insides of her legs all the way down to her wet socks.

Just then Becky's older sister walked in - just arriving home from gymnastics - and saw Becky standing there in a puddle. Becky's jeans were still dripping from the accident she had obviously just had.

'Ha ha!' her sister said as she pointed. 'Becky got in trouble and peed in her pants!'

Becky looked at her sister, again completely flushed, and yelled, 'Mom, look under Debbie's dresser and you'll find four pairs of panties she peed in!'

'No, mom!' shouted Debbie, as her mother left Becky's room to check on Becky's story. Becky stood and smiled and listened to the yelling.

'It was an accident! I-I didn't do it on purpose! I laughed too hard and I peed in my panties at school. I didn't mean it....'

Becky giggled as she heard the spanks. She pressed her legs together to feel the pee between them, and began to mess in her pants. As she went, she peed even more - it was dripping from her crotch right into the puddle at her feet. She pressed her legs together harder and came so hard she nearly fell over. This will be a messy month, Becky thought, as she walked to the bathroom.... 
