A VERY AWKWARD ELEVATOR RIDE

Author: William Abbott

It took some convoluted story plotting in order to get myself stuck in an elevator with half a dozen women, all of them bursting to pee and wearing next to nothing. But really this is a story about my wife. Anne in the story is exactly like the Anne I'm really married to.

It's not for nothing that I've been so happily married all these years.

My wife Anne looked at me, hands on her hips and shaking her head as half a dozen of the women from marketing came streaming past me out of the elevator. She turned her head to watch them as they ran by her and down the hallway toward the bathrooms, then turned back to look at me, still in the elevator.

“What?” I said.

“You.” She was looking at me like I was a little boy caught with my hand in a cookie jar.

“What did I...?” I spread my hands in a placating gesture.

She was shaking her head again, but smiling now. She caught the doors to keep them from closing and stepped into the elevator with me. “Oh you bad, bad boy.” As the doors closed, she stood on tiptoe to kiss me.

But honestly, I didn’t do anything.

Certainly nothing bad...

The sales team had been celebrating that day. They’d all been working twelve-to-fifteen-hour days for weeks on end and had just landed a contract worth millions of dollars. That day was set aside for unwinding with a party for the whole team up on the roof of the building, with live music and an open bar—a pool party, because yes, the company’s thirty-seven story headquarters has a swimming pool on the roof. That day they’d also set up a little kiosk for the bar and a speaker’s platform with rows of folding chairs for the awards ceremony.

Anne and I both worked in tech support. Our job that day was the sound system, but by the time the party got started the setup was basically done. Anne went up to do a last check on the podium mic while I leaned back to watch the festivities. The marketing team was mostly women, and all of them were in swimsuits. I said hi to Cheryl from accounting as she walked by in a bikini, and then Beth from inventory control smiled and nodded hello. I watched Marsha, the vice president in charge of domestic marketing, climb up onto the diving board. Marsha was a bombshell in a business suit, but up there in a G-string, the sight of her literally took my breath away.

“Ahem.” Someone next to me cleared her throat. I turned to see, and it was Anne. She gave me a very sardonic look, raising one eyebrow. “Enjoying the scenery?”

I gave her a sheepish grin.

“You know that was the vice president of the company you were just scoping out?”

“She’s, uh...really hot,” I said, still grinning like an idiot.

Anne laughed. “Hove you.” She leaned in to give me a quick kiss. “I have a meeting downstairs with the software people, but I should be done in time for lunch.” She glanced over at the pool again, where a dozen giggling executives were playing keep-away with a beach ball. Anne smiled at me, her eyes full of mischief. “Enjoy yourself,” she said. Another kiss—given the setting, it had to be a chaste kiss—and she turned to leave. I watched her walk away in her billowy summer dress. Great legs. Then I turned back to the pool as Cheryl from accounting took her turn on the diving board.

The music started, and the bartender was kept busy while people danced. I gazed out at a little spandex and lot of skin writhing and gyrating on crowded rooftop. Then came the awards ceremony, where the CEO handed out plaques of recognition and bonus checks for everyone on the team. He was known to be a long-winded speaker, overly fond of his own voice, but that day he seemed determined to set a record for droning on and on. Half an hour into his speech I overheard Cheryl, margarita in hand, whisper to Jen from accounting, “I can’t wait for this to be over. I really have to go to the bathroom.”

“Oh God, me too!” said Jen. “I’m about to burst!” Jen was wearing a thong and I had a great view of her butt cheeks as she squirmed. They both looked wistfully at the elevator, but any minute (hopefully) the awards would start and it wouldn’t do to be gone when their names were called.

Yeah. About that elevator. The roof may have had a swimming pool and a bar and a state of the art sound system, but it didn’t have any bathrooms. If you wanted to pee, you had to take the elevator down to thirty-seven and find the restrooms there. So people waited.

At long last the awards were being handed out. One after another, women in skimpy swimsuits stepped up onto the stage to shake the CEO’s hand and get their plaque and envelope. There was Cheryl, bursting to pee in a bikini that barely covered anything. And Jen in her thong with her delicious bare butt. And Beth, and all the others. Judging by how busy the bartender had been, I guessed a lot of them really had to go by then.

My phone buzzed in my pocket. A text from Anne: “MTNG OVR. LNCH?”

I texted back, “DN IN 1 MIN.” As I walked over to the elevator, I heard applause and then a murmur of voices. It seemed the ceremony was ending at last. The band struck up a tune again as people stowed their awards with their clothes.

A ping and the doors opened. I stepped inside, but before they closed someone called out, “Hold the elevator!” I grabbed the edge of the door to push it open again and Cheryl came running up, her breasts bouncing almost out of her bikini. “Oh, thank you!” she said. She pressed the button for 3 7, but then another voice said “Wait up! Wait for me!”

Cheryl fidgeted uncomfortably as one after another, four...no, five...no, make that six women wearing next to nothing came running up to the elevator to squeeze in before the doors closed.

“Oh God, I have to pee so bad,” one of them said.

“Me too!”

“My bladder’s ready to explode!”

“I was sitting with my legs crossed the whole time. Man, that guy can talk!”

“I know. I was afraid I was gonna pee myself sitting there.”

We were all pressed close together in the tiny elevator. Right in front of me, Cheryl was bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet muttering, “Hurry hurry hurry!” Heather, standing next to me, had her breast pressed against my arm as she moaned, “I have to gooooo!”

And that’s when it happened. The lights flickered. There was a sudden lurch. Then the main overhead lights went out, the emergency light snapped on, and the elevator came to a complete stop.

“What?!?”

“No!”

“Oh Hell, no!”

“Oh for fuck’s sake!”

“Oh no no no no nooooo. I’m gonna piss myself.”

“I can’t hold it!”

And there I was, crowded in among all of them with barely room to move. My cock had already been standing at attention. Now it started to drool.

My mind was racing. What would happen?

We might be stuck in here for five, ten, twenty minutes until somebody got the generator going. Heather, the east coast rep, was already gripping herself and biting her lip. Packed in around me all of these squirming, nearly-naked women would continue to fidget, wiggling and dancing more and more, talking the whole time about how bad they had to pee. There wasn’t room for them to move without bumping into each other—and into me—with bare shoulders and almost bare boobs. Their plight would get worse and worse, and I would get more and more aroused until—my God—I might actually cum in my pants.

Would it show? I would try really hard to control my breath. Keep it steady. No panting, no gasping. Hold very still. Stare up at the ceiling if it happened, cum spurting again and again into my underwear, and hope it didn’t leave too much of a wet spot.

Not that anyone there would notice. These women were much too preoccupied with their own imminent wet spots to notice mine.

And of course, some of them might not make it. Maybe they’d wet themselves for real.

Who would pee first? Heather, probably. She looked really bad. Though Cheryl was in pretty dire shape, too. For that matter, every one of them appeared to be on the edge of losing control. Their moaning and complaints would become more distressed, reaching a crescendo as somebody would start pissing down her legs.

We’d hear the hiss of pee forcing its way through spandex, and the sound would probably set off one of the others—maybe Jenny over there, with her jaw clenched and her eyes squeezed shut. Maybe instead of flowing down her inner thighs, the next one’s pee would pour onto the carpet like tea from a teapot, hitting the floor with a thrumming sound, loud and unmistakable in the enclosed space. And then once a couple of them were going and the carpet was already ruined, another might simply decide to let go, and then the next and the next until they were all peeing in their bathing suits, all around me.

I would definitely cum in my pants if that happened. Oh God.

Or maybe the first one wouldn’t wet her suit. Maybe, knowing she was about to wet herself, Cheryl or Heather or one of the others would pull down her bikini bottom and squat down in the forest of bare legs. She’d say something like, “I’m sorry, I’m really sorry, I just can’t hold it,” and she’d slide her bikini down around her thighs and squat down in a corner— not easy to do with the crowd pressed this close —and she’d piss on the floor. She might close her eyes, let her jaw go slack. She might lower her head so her hair would hide her face. Her piss would splash into the puddle between her feet, streaming with the force of a fire hose.

Next to her, someone else barely holding it in would have to start marching in place, but then she too would pull down her own bikini and try to find space to hunker down. The others would have to shift to make room. She’d start pissing before she even got properly down into a squat, maybe pissing all over the suit around her knees. Then another one, and now they’re pressed in so close her shoulder is actually pushing against my leg as she pees. Another, and now there’s barely room to stand. Then the next—April? Or maybe Lizzie? —pulls her suit down around her thighs, but the others are pressed in too close for her to move.

She would stand there, unable to squat, her pubic hair out in the open for all to see. (What does it look like? April is blonde. I’ve always wondered if she’d darker down there, or if all of her hair is the same pale silvery gold.) She’ll turn around, bare bottom facing the crowd (facing me) and piss against the wall. Then the last of them won’t even pull her suit down, just pull it aside to expose her vagina. It’ll be Lizzie. Dark brown hair, almost black, I imagine. Trimmed to a landing strip, perhaps? Or even shaved? She has to shove her way between two squatting women to get to the wall before pissing...

And standing there in the midst of all of them, cock straining against my zipper, there’s no way I could keep from cumming in my pants— a full-on, gasping for breath, undeniable orgasm right out there in front of them all.

Just thinking about it, imagining the possibilities, my breath was getting a little ragged. I looked up at the ceiling, away from all that skin, away from distressed faces and jiggling boobs.

There was a trapdoor in the elevator ceiling. Maybe we could get out of there. I’m just tall enough that I could have reached it. I thought, if I could push that panel up and out of the way, then we could all climb up onto the top of the elevator. And then...? Maybe pry open the outer doors to escape back out onto the roof. Of course, there are still no bathrooms out there, nowhere for these bursting women to go... But one problem at a time.

I’d have to give each of them a boost to get up. I would interlace my fingers and each woman in turn would place her foot in my hands, and then take hold of my shoulders or the top of my head. Her boobs would be right in my face, maybe even brushing against me, and as she boosted herself up to grab the edges of the trapdoor, her crotch would be right in front of my eyes, just inches away. She’d get her elbows up through the opening and then pull herself the rest of the way out, but as I assisted her with a last little push, I’d have no choice but to look up, staring at her from underneath as she found purchase and pulled herself up.

The others waiting their turn might notice my hard-on. I’m so stiff, it’s got to look like I’ve shoved a tennis ball down my pants. Can’t help that. Nothing to do but ignore it and carry on as if it weren’t there.

Things could go wrong as they climb up. It’s possible that someone’s bikini top could snag on the edge and get pulled out of place as she climbed out. Nipples could peek out, or whole breasts might come unharnessed, bobbing and swaying as she climbed up and out. And I’d have no choice but to look, of course, because I’d still be supporting some of her weight, guiding her up as she climbed.

It’s also possible—and my breath catches at the thought—that a woman this close to pissing herself might not be able to hold it through such an athletic maneuver. She’d be standing with one foot cupped in my interlaced hands. I’d be looking up at her, watching intently as she pulled herself up over the edge of the trap, and then her body would go rigid. She’d try to wriggle and squeeze her legs together, but in mid-climb she can’t really do that. And then I’d see the little rivulet of pee come trickling down her inner thigh. With a burst of strength she’d pull herself the rest of the way up, but not before I see the stream come snaking down her calf and over her Achilles tendon. I would feel the heat of it in my hands, my palms wet.

I’d probably cum in my pants right then and there. And if she weren’t the last one up, if there were still others down in the elevator with me... I’d clench my jaw to keep from gasping, but there’d be no way to hide what was happening. They’d be looking at me, surprised, maybe perplexed, probably very embarrassed. They’d have all watched me cum, and it would be obvious to everyone what had pushed me over the edge. My secret would be out.

In fact, just imaging all this while squeezed in among desperate and nearly naked women, I realized that cumming in my pants was a real possibility. I struggled valiantly to think about something else—anything else—but then April bent forward with acres of cleavage and her boob crushed against my arm.

Breathe, I told myself. Slow and steady. She stood up straight and bounced up and down on the balls of her feet, jiggling, breasts bare almost to the nipples and threatening to bounce right out of her top as she keened, “I can’t... I’m gonna...

Help me!”

Breathe...

And then the lights came back on. Motors began to hum, and the elevator started to move. A few seconds later, it pinged and the doors opened onto thirty-seven.

And that’s when Anne was there, looking at me with her hands on her hips and shaking her head. All of the women came streaming past me, bursting out of the elevator with cries of, “OhGodlhavetopeeeee!” and “Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!” and “I’m gonna wet myself and I’m not kidding!” Anne watched them run down the hallway toward the bathrooms, then turned back to look at me, still in the elevator.

“What?” I said.

“You,” and here was the look like I had my hand in a cookie jar.

“What did I...?”

Smiling and shaking her head, she stepped into the elevator with me. “Oh you bad, bad boy.” As the doors closed, she stood on tiptoe to kiss me —alone now, so it could be a real kiss with tongues and with my hands on her breasts. She pushed me back against the wall and pressed herself against me.

And then she reached out to hit the elevator stop button.

She reached under her dress to shed her underwear and then grabbed my belt, unbuckling and unzipping me. I spread my feet and flexed my knees to bring my hips level with hers as she kissed me again, one hand on my balls and the other running through my hair. She broke off to slather my cock with spit and then pressed herself against me, standing on tiptoe with her dress up around her waist. She guided me inside and I grabbed her buttocks, pulling her tight against me. After a very few thrusts I gasped, “Oh God... Oh God... I’m...”

“Yes,” she said. “Good. Don’t hold back.”

“I... Ah..J.”

She squeezed thrust her hips forward one last time.

“I’m...mmm...aahhhhhhhh!!!” and I was cumming, for real, at last, pumping into her, spurting again and again and again as I pushed deeper, one hand on her spine holding her tight against me and the other on her bottom, squeezing, feeling her roundness. Throbbing. Throbbing. My orgasm surged into her like a wave racing up the beach.

I slumped back against the wall, still holding her tight, my penis gently pulsing, still deep inside her. She disengaged gently, backing away and letting her dress fall around her legs again. I was panting for breath, my knees shaking so much that I’d have fallen down without something to lean on. My cock was still pointing straight ahead, glistening wet and with a last drop of cum ready to fall from the tip, when she gave me an evil grin and pulled out the stop button. The elevator began to move again.

My eyes bugged out. “You...!?!” I frantically stuffed my cock inside and just had time to zip and buckle up before the elevator pinged. Anne scooped her underwear up off the floor and stuffed them into my hip pocket, smoothing her dress as the doors opened. Out on the roof, a crowd was gathered around the doors waiting to go down. I was trembling, barely able to walk, but Anne took my hand and led me out through the press of scantily clad women frantic to get in.

“Oh thank God!” one of them said. It was Marsha, the V.P., still in her G-string. “I’m ready to pop!”

“Me too!” someone else said.

“I have to pee soooooo bad!”

“I thought I was gonna burst waiting for this damn elevator!”

“Oh hurry, hurry! I hope I make it!”

Anne looked at me sidelong, gave my hand a squeeze and smiled.

