A Perfect Match

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

My first month in college, and I’d done nothing but study! It was terrible. The whole floor of guys got to go to party after party and get wasted over and over while I was stuck, a shut-in, doing ridiculous amounts of homework. Truth be told, I didn’t even like getting drunk, but I wanted to be able to have some fun and do something besides equations for once. Finally, after that first torturous month, I got what had become my dream – a Friday night with no schoolwork to complete! Truly it was a dream come true. I readied myself, and for the first time went with the rest of my floormates to a party taking place that night at a senior’s house on the outskirts of campus.

When I got there…it sucked. I couldn’t seem to get along with anyone, and the dancing was not my thing. So I stood around, bored, for about 2 hours, watching all my floormates having fun and vaguely wishing for some homework to do. “Out of the way!” a girl in a tight and nearly transparent dress shouted at me suddenly, pushing me near the wall to make way for her friends, all carrying shots. I looked at my new surroundings and saw that it was just me and an overweight, rather distraught looking girl. I went over to her.

“What’s wrong?” I asked, as her mascara was running a bit from tears. She looked at me, dolled up in a red dress meant to hide her figure while still making her look nice. The girl sniffed a few times, then replied, “No one will talk to me here, or dance with me. I’m just too fat I guess…No one wants to party with me.” She looked back down and began to cry again. The image tugged at my heartstrings, and I knew I had to try and cheer her up. “It’s alright. I’ll hang out with you. What’s your name?” I asked. She looked up at me again, but this time there was something in her eyes besides the tears. Hope, perhaps. “I…I’m Amanda. What’s your name?” She managed to get out. “I’m Dave,” I told her. She smiled, just the slightest bit, and replied cutely, “Hi Dave.”

We continued to talk, and I realized something – I was actually enjoying myself, and quite a lot at that. Amanda was funny, witty, and a genuinely cool person, and we seemed to connect right away. Before I knew it 3 hours had passed, the party was beginning to wind down, and we were still talking. Both of us had been grabbing waters and unspiked punch (we made sure) to drink throughout the night, as I’d found out that Amanda didn’t like to drink alcohol either.

All of those drinks were now getting to me in the bladder region, and I felt the need to excuse myself to find the bathroom. I, being the polite soul that I am, inquired as to whether Amanda would like to use the bathroom as well, but to my surprise she declined. She’d drunk even more than I had over the past few hours, yet when I looked her up and down, she didn’t even seem to have an urge to go at all. My mind began to swirl with thoughts of finding my big-bladdered match as I found the toilet, sidestepping puke from an unfortunate partygoer, and relieved myself.

When I returned I found Amanda in the same spot, drinking what had to be her fifth glass of punch at least. She appeared nervous when I got back next to her, as if reluctant to make her next statement. But then the girl finally squeaked out, “Feel better?” I raised my eyebrows and her face went red. Here she was making small talk about my trip to the bathroom…was I seeing things, or could it be that she also had a pee fetish?? Amanda was looking down, clearly mortified with embarrassment, and I realized I had simply been staring without offering an answer for probably a good ten seconds.

I cleared my throat and responded, “I feel much better actually. All those drinks had to go somewhere, right?” I paused, gulped, and continued, “Except for you, huh? You don’t seem to have to go at all!” Amanda looked up, staring into my eyes, as if trying to gauge what she should say next, before taking a deep breath and telling me, “I’m just…I can hold a lot.” I decided to go for broke. Either she’d be the one for me, or I’d have just had a nice night. Those were stakes I was willing to deal with. “Do you like holding it?” I asked her, refusing my natural instincts to break eye contact and run away as fast as I could, having just asked a girl something like that. Amanda’s eyes went wide. Her mouth was moving, but she couldn’t seem to answer. Having not burst into flames from embarrassment yet, I decided to continue boldly, “Because I like when a girl holds it.”

There. It was out. I was cooked, done, finished. She’d think I was crazy now. She’d try to make sense of it, fail, maybe slap me for saying something like that, and go away from me forever. What was I doing?? Revealing something like that to a girl I’d talked to for three hours, and all because she’d said the words “Feel better?” after I’d been to the bathroom. I cursed my horny, piss porn-filled mind for jumping to such a conclusion. I was just about to apologize and take it all back when Amanda finally replied to me, “I like holding it…a lot.”

All at once heaven opened up and angels sang and babies smiled and bells rang out and people lined the streets cheering wildly because OH MY GOODNESS, I had finally found the girl of my dreams! From that moment on it seemed like we could just be ourselves with each other in a way we hadn’t before, nearly melting into one another (metaphorically, of course) as the night wore on. After another hour or so, both feeling tired, we decided to call it a night, exchanged numbers, and giddily agreed to meet for lunch the next day. Before leaving, I shyly asked Amanda if she wouldn’t mind doing some holding fun when we next saw each other, and she smiled widely and enthusiastically replied, “I’d love to!” We left the party, Amanda with one final glass of punch (and not a final bathroom break). I bade her goodnight and walked back to my dorm on the edge of campus, while Amanda went to hers, comfortably situated a mere minute from where the party was taking place.

It took me ages to fall asleep, as I replayed the night over and over in my head. Despite how horny Amanda had made me, I also refrained from pleasuring myself, wanting to be as excited as possible for her hold the following day. Of course, that added to my restlessness, and when I finally awoke the next morning, I found that I’d very nearly overslept and missed my lunch date! I scrambled out of bed, threw on the first set of clothes I found, and checked my phone. There were no texts or calls from Amanda, but even still I was terribly worried about standing her up. She seemed to have so little confidence in herself to begin with. What would happen if she thought I was rejecting her as well??

Thankfully, through liberal amounts of jogging (and a bit of jaywalking, if I’m being completely honest), I was able to arrive at the student cafeteria at 12:02 for our planned noon lunch date. I stood outside the entrance, as we’d agreed upon, but saw no sign of Amanda. Peering into the hall of hungover students, greasy delicacies (such as the ever-popular grilled cheese), and cramped tables, I still failed to catch a glimpse of her. “Ah well, perhaps she’s just running as late as I was,” I muttered to myself before being jostled by a pack of oncoming sophomores.

After the scrum had passed, I took out my phone and texted Amanda to let her know I was here, and of course that I was in no hurry. Minutes passed, I paced, and some students situated at tables near the entrance began to notice me and chatter to themselves. Where was she?? It was nearly 12:30 and still no sign of her. I texted again, beginning to feel disappointment welling up inside me. Perhaps she had gotten too scared from revealing so much about herself so quickly. Maybe the vibe we’d shared wasn’t what I thought it was. Thoughts like these manifested themselves in my head and began to grow and grow as the hour neared 1.

I was halfway through convincing myself that it had all been a dream and I’d never even met anyone named Amanda when I felt a vibration in my hand. The phone I’d been clutching ever so watchfully had finally received a text! Opening it with shaking hands, I read Amanda’s response to me, “Srry, b there soon.” Not the most eloquent of texts, to be sure, but at that moment it could have been Shakespeare and not made a difference. I was just too busy being elated that she was still going to show up.

I tried to prevent myself from dancing a little jig in public, narrowly succeeding, and then looked up to see Amanda entering the cafeteria building from the far entrance. Her steps seemed slow and measured, her head was down, and she appeared far from happy. But still, trying to push all negative thoughts aside, I waved to her and finally got her attention. The big girl shuffled over, thankfully flashing a small smile upon reaching me, and we went into the cafeteria together for what was sure to be a lovely first date.

‘This is a terrible first date,’ I thought to myself grimly. It was 1:30 and we were just finishing our food. Either Amanda was the least hungry person at the college, or she was going out of her way as much as possible to not eat for fear of me thinking of her as fat. She’d had a salad and some bread, plus a glass of water, while I had wolfed down two grilled cheeses and a rather generous helping of French fries. It seemed that the girl I’d met last night, the one who’d come out of her shell, talked, made jokes, and somehow also had the same fetish as me had disappeared overnight, replaced by a girl so shy that she would barely look at me.

She would occasionally smile in my direction or answer a question, but all in all Amanda almost looked to be in pain being on this date with me. Though I’d started the meal as optimistic as I could, gradually I grew disheartened in her seeming lack of interest. I was seriously considering cutting my losses there and then, finishing the meal and calling it quits, perhaps giving her a nice “We should do this again sometime” before leaving, never to see her again. But I looked at her, managed to catch her eye, and decided to give it one last chance.

“Would you like to go for a walk?” I asked desperately, doing my best to put on a happy face and salvage what was left of this date. I honestly expected her to shake her head and wait for me to just get up and leave her at the table by herself, but to my surprise Amanda raised her head, looked me in the eyes, seemingly as surprised as I was, and agreed. Thus we left the hustle and bustle of the cafeteria and began walking towards the green space of campus, the aptly but dully named Green Park. Again I tried making small talk, and while it worked for a few minutes, Amanda seemed to shut down again rather quickly. The pace of her walking slowed and slowed until we were well below what could be qualified as a stroll. This was more of a crawl. My frustration built past the point of being containable, and I scoffed the first thing that came to mind, “Who in hell decided to name it Green Park anyway?!?”

Amanda giggled for the first time all day. I began to become instantly happier, until she followed that giggle by groaning in pain and bending over at the waist. Her face was a mask of concentration as she let out little moans. Concerned, I knelt down beside her and asked what was wrong. Seconds passed with nothing but her whistling breath, and then Amanda managed to stutter, “I-I have to p-pee.” I couldn’t help but laugh a little as relief washed over me. “Well that’s not as serious as I thought then. Let’s get you to a toilet,” I offered, still just happy that she wasn’t about to die from some internal disease. “No…time. Can’t…hold it.” Amanda replied, still bent over. Suddenly she crossed her legs hard and stood up, frantically telling me, “Help! I only have a few seconds!”

I reacted on instinct alone. “Quick, over here!” I motioned, nearly shoving her into some bushes off the main pathway. Thankfully the area was deserted, as I’d found over the last month that the natural habitat of the hungover collegiate did not include sunlight. Once secluded decently by the bushes, Amanda tore off her sweatpants and squatted down. “Do you want me to look aw-“ I began, before Amanda screamed in relief. An absolute gusher, like a spigot turned on full, began emanating from her pussy, and I couldn’t have looked away from it even if she’d told me to. It was a stream of piss unlike anything I’d seen even in the movies I had saved on my computer. Amanda was letting loose a real live power piss.

I subconsciously checked my watch, noting that it was almost exactly 2 pm. One minute in and Amanda was still in full flow. I couldn’t believe how much piss she was holding and had been holding inside of her. The yellow liquid continued to pour out of her poor peehole as one minute turned to two. I began feeling myself becoming painfully erect, as despite the stress of the date, this was easily the most erotic thing I’d ever seen. At 2 minutes and 30 seconds the stream finally ebbed a little, but Amanda continued sighing in relief, eyes squeezed shut, and pissed continuously until the 4 minute mark, when she tapered off to a drip.

I looked at the ground, where all the grass underneath of Amanda had been stripped away from the force of her almighty pee. My jaw was completely slack. My beautiful Amanda, who had just peed an ocean, finally opened her eyes and looked at my shocked face. The sexual tension I felt at that moment was as thick as could be. After a good 15 seconds of silence, Amanda opened her mouth. “Hey,” she said, with a glint of humor in her eye. Her words broke me from my trance, and in a second I had pushed her on her back on the ground. “Hey, what the – ohhhhhhh,” Amanda began moaning for an entirely different reason as I licked her clit as much as I could. The unique taste of the remnants of her mammoth piss did nothing to deter me, and soon she was groaning and pushing my head harder between her legs. Mere minutes after I’d started Amanda was cumming, nearly drowning me in girl cum and suffocating me with the strength she was using to push me farther into her.

Her orgasm completed, Amanda’s body went limp. She was sleeping, I noted with incredulity. Naked from the waist down, lying just hidden from the main path thanks to a clump of bushes, having just given me the greatest sexual thrill I’d ever received, and now Amanda was sleeping. I couldn’t do anything but laugh. I laughed long and loud, as the stress that had accompanied me all day vanished. And when that stress left me, I realized that I was tired too. And so I laid down next to my new girlfriend, put my arm around her, and went to sleep.

Epilogue

We eventually did wake up, and amazingly no one had seen us! Or at least, no one that had seen us thought to wake us up or tell anyone of importance about it. It seemed to be nearly nightfall, and a quick check of my phone confirmed that it was 7:22 pm. Amanda looked at me contently as we got up and got her redressed, so I asked her about the date. “What happened?” I said. Amanda got a bit red in the face, but considering I was the man that had just given her the orgasm of her life, she had no choice but to answer me.

“I’m-I’m sorry,” she began, pulling on her sweatpants, “well, you see, I was planning some holding fun of my own that night at the party, so I hadn’t peed since that morning at 7. I just started throwing back punches in anticipation of a big hold when I got back to my dorm. I can usually hold all day with tons to drink. I told you I liked holding a lot, and my bladder is huge from years of practice. But when you said you liked holding and we decided to meet up again today, I got super excited…and I really really really wanted to impress you.

The first thing I thought of was to hold my pee from last night until our date today. I know my bladder is really strong, so I thought I could do it. But when I got back to my dorm that night, I was just so turned on thinking about you, combined with desperately needing to pee, that I couldn’t fall asleep. So I stayed up the whole night, drinking more water and fighting with my bladder. By the time of our date I was beyond frantic. I could barely take the time to text you without my hands leaving my crotch, and I began getting super embarrassed and super nervous about the whole thing.

Not to mention I was just soooo tired from not sleeping. I finally managed to calm my bladder enough to go eat, but I was so scared you’d just left. When I saw you there waiting for me patiently I was the happiest girl alive. So I’m sorry I didn’t talk much during the lunch…or the walk…or at all, really. I just had to pee so badly. It took all of my concentration not to soak my sweatpants from the moment I left my dorm room. When I finally got to pee….well, hopefully you could tell just how much I needed that.”

Amanda ended her story with a slight laugh and a shy smile. Having never heard someone talk about their need to pee so eloquently before, I was floored…not to mention obviously erect under my jeans. “You’re really not too shy about this…I mean this whole peeing thing, are you?” I managed to get out. “Well…I always have been…but with you, I don’t know, I feel like you want to hear it and want to enjoy it as much as I do. Just telling that story…well…it turned me on, to say the least,” Amanda replied, red in the cheeks. “It turned me on too,” I answered, grinning. As Amanda told her story we had begun walking back to campus, and we were nearly at my dorm when I stopped short. “What’s wrong?” Amanda asked sweetly.

“Wait a minute…” I scrunched my face up in concentration, trying to do some math that to me seemed impossible. I had just realized the epic proportions of Amanda’s hold, and getting my head around them completely was a struggle. “You mean to tell me,” I began, “that not only were you still holding in all the punch you drank last night…but that you were holding for…30…no, 31 hours before you peed??” Amanda nodded as my erection threatened to burst through my jeans. Now it was my turn to go red in the face as I asked her the all-important question, “Can you do it again?”. Amanda’s smile grew wide, a definite twinkle in her eyes, as she nearly attacked me with a kiss in response, before making me sign her in to my dorm. As much as I was looking forward to the sex we were about to have (and believe me, I was!), I couldn’t help but be even more excited about the future holding fun Amanda had promised me.

###

COMMENTS2

huberp76 - Sep 4, 2018

I would love to see her bladder bulging out of her belly and i would love feel it with my Hand and press and push on it after she was holding it for so long. Her urge to wee could never be strong enough for me! I know that is bad but i love it.

huberp76 - Feb 1, 2014

I am glad to read your stories, they are so hot, i love them all!!! It`s so arousing to think that a Girl don`t pee for sooo long, to think how painfull she mast have to go, how full and disdented her "poor" Bladder mast be.

