The Origins of Infinite Capacity-7

Author: Splashfics

7. Apogee

Chandra sat at her empty desk trying to clear her mind along with the items that had cluttered her work space the day before. Most of her things were now packed and in one way or another, she was also ready to leave.

Despite the time of year, it hadn’t taken long to find a new sixth-form college, though with their options few and far between, she and her mother were forced to make the difficult decision to relocate Chandra so she wouldn't have to commute for hours every day. Relocation, of course meant the end of any close association with her best friend. Desired or not, with things already strained between them, Chandra couldn't help but hear the sounding of the death knell for her and Sara's relationship.

‘She could at least have come to see me though...’

The thought had been plaguing her all day and every day following her expulsion. Cordelia was obviously out of the question, but Sara...

She gazed listlessly through the window, watching the setting afternoon sun for a moment, then noticed, in the corner of her eye, somebody walking up the front garden path. Chandra's heart leapt, but she daren't move. Instead, she waited for the knock at the door and then for her mother's call from downstairs.

‘Chandra, love! There's someone here to see you?

It was almost the last person she would have expected, but curious and undeniably gladdened by this turn of events, she made her way to the front door, where she found Mateo standing on the welcome mat. He was so smartly turned out,

Chandra wondered if he'd dressed up specifically for this and she wasn't able to hold back a grin as they made eye contact. Mateo smiled back at her ingenuously.

‘Hi Chandra!' he said, after a slight pause.

Then his face grew grave.

‘I just wanted to let you know... That I think it's a terrible shame you were expelled... I can't believe it really.’

Somewhat touched by the thought of Mateo coming all the way over to tell her this, Chandra felt her ears warm up.

‘Yeah, me neither...’ she replied and wondered if she should invite him inside.

The evening chill was beginning to bite and after another slightly longer pause, she decided to follow her mother's example and offer her guest a cup of tea. Chandra had always prided herself on her cups of tea, but did feel Mateo rather overdid it when he enthusiastically received the mug offered to him a few minutes later and took a first sip.

‘It's only tea, you know...’ she reminded him, fighting to keep the mirth from her voice.

Joining him at the table, she took a sip from her own mug as Mateo asked, ‘So what happened when you guys went into the school building?’

Chandra hadn’t expected him to ask this and froze. Mateo however continued, unaware.

‘I thought the others went along too? How come they only punished you?’

Chandra lost her nerve, wondering what kind of rumours were being passed around at school in her absence and without warning, she went on the offensive. Her face flushed with embarrassment and with her voice slightly raised, she snapped, ‘If you've come here to make fun of me...’

Mateo quickly realised he was treading on sensitive ground and tried to backtrack.

‘No no, it's just because I heard Cordelia telling Sar-’

Hearing her name was like a destructive catalyst. Chandra was suddenly possessed by visions of Cordelia's vulgar grin and the sound of her spiteful voice.

‘Has she put you up to this?’

Mateo was now desperate to prove his innocence, worrying also for his safety.

‘No, Chandra. Of course she hasn't. I... Just couldn't believe-’

‘Couldn't believe how pathetic I was?’

She cut him off, her voice trembling into tears.

‘Well, I'll have you know, I'm moving to my aunty’s in West London. Tonight in fact. So none of you has to worry about coming round to pay me a visit, or even thinking about me ever again?

With a shaking wrist, Chandra drained her mug.

‘If you've finished your tea, you can go back to Queen Cordelia and her silly little handmaid now.’ Mateo hadn't finished his tea, but not wanting to further inflame their exchange, stood up from the table.

‘Chandra, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to upset you and I'm gutted you're moving away...’

Chandra allowed her silence to punctuate his words.

‘Look, please take my email address. I'm not sure if you have one, but if you do, I'd be happy if we could stay in touch?’

Mateo extracted a small diary and pen from his inside pocket and tore out a page before scribbling down his details.

‘Fine, whatever,’ Chandra sniffed.

‘Bye, Mateo...’

And she let Mateo show himself out of the house. After some time, she slid the piece of paper nearer and eyed it closely for a moment. With a sigh she left it on the table and went upstairs to finish packing.

That evening Chandra and her mother ate an oven pizza together, before moving Chandra's suitcase and the rest of her things to the car.

‘Is that everything then, dear?’ Ms Brook asked.

‘Yes,’ Chandra replied. ‘I don't need anything else.’

And soon they were off on their way up the M25.

