Penny's Pleasure

Author: Ant (1996'04)

I think I'v created a monster. It all began a few months after Penny and I started going out. I always got off by watching girls pee, just watching, nothing else. I was nervous about asking Penny if I could watch her go, I knew she liked me, but I was still scared she'd think I was a disgusting freak and never talk to me again. I finally got up enough nerve and asked. Her reaction was more of confusion than horror.

"You want to watch me go to the bathroom?" she said with a cute little pout on her face. "Yes," I said, "you have no idea what it does to me." She agreed and all that was left to do was wait for the urge to hit her.

About an hour later she stood up, grabbed my hand and said, "follow me." She led me into the bathroom and pulled her shorts and little white cotton panties down to her ankles. "Take out your cock. I want to see you do yourself while I pee." I was so excited I thought I'd explode right there. Penny sat down with her legs spread, getting ready to let go. I was stroking my cock so hard my hand was a blur.

Then it happened. A slow stream of gold started to flow out of her wonderful pussy, getting stronger every second. "More, more," I begged. Penny pushed down on her muscles and a hard river of pee shot straight into the bowl. The flow lasted for what seemed like forever. All the while I'm rubbing my cock, trying to get off. Just as her flow slowed down, I felt my orgasm building up in my balls. "I'm..I'm gonna cum babe!"

Penny cupped her hands out in front of my swollen cock wanting me to explode in them. While the final drops of piss left her lips I exploded all over her hands. I don't think I'v ever cum that hard before. It covered her hands and wrists. It dripped down to her legs. Still trying to catch my breath, I looked up into her eyes, scared to see what I might find there. Instead of Penny being upset, I found an impish little smile. "When can I watch you go?" is all she said.

For about the next year we watched each other pee every chance we could. Mostly just in the toilet or tub. Then one day when I was gettin ready to watch Penny go, somthing came over me. She was sitting on the toilet. We were both naked but I wanted somthing more. "Pee in my hand" I said. "I want to feel it pour all over my skin." I squated down on the floor, my right hand on my cock, the other under Penny's pussy, waiting for the flow. When the first drops hit my hand, I knew I wanted this to last forever. I slid a finger in her pussy while she peed. Penny moaned as her warm flow emptied in to my hand. My finger slid in so easy, the combination of her wetness and her sweet piss. I wanted, needed to feel it on my cock. I stood up a little more and slid it under the flow. Still rubbing myself, her bladder emptied all over my fist and cock. When I felt my self start to come, I pushed back as far as I could, exploding all over the bottom of her ass cheeks.

"Your turn," Penny cooed. I stood all the way up now, tryng to relax after an incredible orgasm. Penny, still on the toilet, had slid her hand between her legs. "Come on baby, pee on my tits." The first little blast out of me brought a little string of cum with it, the next was strong and fast. It ran all over her chest, down her tummy and through her hand rubbing her clitty. I put my little pee hole right up to her right nipple.

Penny moaned, "I'm gonna....gonna cum..soon." She rubbed a lot faster now. My flow started to slow but Penny wanted more. "Go a little...more and..I'll cum!" I relaxed and was able to squirt out a few more drops of gold. "Now... Now!!" She screamed. Penny was cuming so hard it almost made her slip off the pot. When she finally came back down to earth she said, "We have to think of more wet games to play."

To be continued...... 
