The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (21)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'12) f P#041

Debbie twenty one

How are you? I guess your still in Europe with Sara. I hope your having a wonderful time and getting lots of chances to show off Sara to all the people there!!

I'm finally off jury duty. I mainly just sat around alot. I was never selected to go on a jury but twice our group went in the court room and other people were selected but I wasn't. I guess its better that way but it was more interesting then I thought it was gonna be. I made friends with this really nice girl named Julie. She was my age, long dark brown hair and a little shorter then me. We would laugh alot because it seemed we were the youngest people there. Everyone else was much older. So we talked alot. She has a really cute figure so I bet you would have liked her.

On a few days she wore some see-through outfits like one day she was wearing this pretty light green outfit with a matching jacket and thin loose fitting pants. It looked real cute on her but the pants were thin enough that everytime she got up you could see her white bikini panties so it made me think of you because you would have liked that. I thought it was cute to because it was so innocent. Everyone could see her panties and she didn't even know it or maybe she did and just understands that were supposed to wear things so our panties can be seen. She was really nice so I'm kinda sad its over because I may never see her again.

And I only had one mini-accident the whole time which is pretty good. It happened one of the days when we had to go inside the court room. We were given a real long lunch so I went to the mall and did some shopping and then ate lunch but I was running late because we were supposed to be in the court room by 1:30. I got back a little late so I went into the court room and everyone from my group was already sitting there so I sat in back.

Then the judge had to describe the case and introduce the lawyers and explain to us the selection process and then ask if anyone needed to be excused and almost half of us raised our hands so then he had to ask each person why they should be excused and that took forever. So after about an hour and a half of this I really had to go but I didn't think I should interupt everything to ask if I could go use the little girls room so I tried to hold it. But then it was my turn and I had to get up and walk to the front and thats when I had a mini accident. I was so scared that I was gonna start going alot but thank God I held it!

When I sat back down I had another mini-accident but then held it for the last people. Then I was about to tell the security guard that I had to go use the toilet but then the judge let us have a 15 minute break so quickly made it to the little girls room and went a little more in my panties but finally closed the door, lifted my skirt, slipped my panties down and finished going. I was wearing a red denim skirt and white bikini panties. The back of my skirt was a little wet because I had to sit back down again but it wasn't real noticable.

After that he let all of us go who raised our hand so I got to go home early which was good because I was able to change into a clean pair of panties and wash my wet ones before Dave came home that night and found out anything. But for a while I was afraid that I was gonna have a major accident if the judge didn't let us go on a break and if the security guard didn't let me go use the little girls room. That would have been terrible. But it worked out really well which was good. So that was the only mini-accident I've had in a while.

Has Sara had any mini-accidents in Europe? Did she have on on the plane like I did that time? And have you been showing her off to all the jealous European men? I would love to go to Europe and have you or Dave show me off. We could start in the hotel and you would wnat me in just my bra and panties and then the room service man would come by with breakfast and see me like that. Or we could sneak out late at night and I'd be in just my short nightshirt (since its colder there right?) and panties and you'd be fully dressed and then you'd grab me and kiss me and lift my nightshirt and people driving by could see my panties. Or we'd go for a ride in the train and we'd have our own booth and you'd undress me and then the ticket man would come by and see me in my panties. Wouldn't that be fun! Someday you should try all that with Sara because I bet sh'e like it to.

Hey, today I'm wearing an off white dress with the white flowered cotton panties I bought for you. It's pretty see-through but not to obvious. But it's especially see-through when I bend over and I know my boss likes it because he whispered to me that he loves it when I wear this dress which made me feel good. 

Speaking of my boss, I'd better go. I've been working on this e-mail on and off for a few hours now so I better send it. Hope your having fun showing off Sara!

Bye for now,

Debbie

###

(Aquavite's letter to Debbie)

Dear Debbie,

I'm back, and yes, missed writing you a lot. I love to get your letters and to write you. I'm mostly over jet lag, and have been trying to catch up on work, bills and all the garbage that accumulates...so this will be all to short...not from desire, but lack of time.

About Sara briefly. When she has an accident she doesn't cry and is often not really embarassed...she's not at all modest. The first time was in a small city, trying to find a parking space...we had been driving about an hour and she had to pee really badly by the time we stopped, that is, after getting lost, etc. We parked and walked in the direction of the old city/downtown, a few blocks away, looking for a public toilet or a 'bar' (coffee, sandwitches) where we could get coffee and find a toilet. We found one.

She went to use toilet while I order coffee at the counter and went to sit down. She was wearing jeans (dark blue), a blouse and a toilored jacket which just covered her ass, actually almost did. I knew she had to pee really badly since she was walking with her legs pressed together. She got to the toilet door, but then went to the counter where I was since it turned out she had to get a key...that was the problem since by the time she got back she had begun to slowly pee in her panties and jeans...not a flood, but she couldn't stop. 

Many toilets in italy and europe are sort of stand up things over which you squat, if you're a girl. Therefore she had to pull her jeans and panties down to her knees before she could pee into the toilet, which took more time than her usual rush to pee on a regular toilet. When she began to pee, just after she opened the door with the key until she pulled her jeans and panties down she probably wet herself perhaps 6 or 8 inches down the insides of her legs, but since she continued peeing after she got her panties and jeans down, she eneded up peeing on them as she pulled them down...and got the front and backside wet, too.

She finally finished peeing in the toilet and came out with obviously wet jeans on. No one in the place (which was very small) saw her then since I was sitting at the table neared the toilet. I was very turned on seeing her in wet pants, and felt her under the table. She did like having wet her pants, but wasn't embarassed. We debated buying her dry panties (italian panties are wonderful....) but since her jeans were quite wet that wouldn't have mattered much. She felt she didn't want to walk into a store with obviously wet jeans on and buy dry ones. So we ended up walking around, looking at things, with her jeans drying off very slowly. With her jacket on you couldn't really see her ass, and her front was partially covered. If you looked it was pretty obvious that she wet her jeans, but it seems most people didn't seem to look. I think a few people in the cafe saw her as she walked out, but no one said anything.

By the time we got back to where we were staying (late at night) she was long dry, in deed, at dinner she was dry....I actually loved her stained panties...which cotton with lace tinted yellow all over....we made love with them on, as we often do. I think she had completely forgotten it by then, about 10 hours later.

The other couple of times were dribbling accidents not in the bed but on the way to the toilet either when we got in or in the middle of the night. Once in the middle of the night she was completely soaked...I loved feeling the warmth of her wet cotton panties and the feel of them when she got back in to bed. We didnt' talk about it, but made love the next morning....

The other public time was the night before we left...we ate at a nice restaurant about a 20 min walk from the hotel...she had on a long sexy black dress and pantihose (with 'build in' sexy panties....and no panties underneath). While I like panties under hose, she doesn't wear them if she has a on a tight skirt or dress...smooth lines is what she likes. Anyway, a few blocks from the hotel she told me she could barely hold it, "making love a lot always makes it difficult to hold it.' I got the hotel key at the desk and she was almost running for the elevator...I loved it. I came in after her.

She was already standing crossed legged. Just as the door was a bout to close a guy came in...in a very, very small elevator. He pressed 2 and we were going to 4. Sara tried to stand straight, and I don't think he noticed her problem. But when he got off, or as he was getting off, she actually crossed her legs and held herself thu her dress as ths door was closing, just as he looked back....I liked that, too. She bit her lip and I knew she was wetting her pantihose. She managed to run out of the elevator and I opened the door, but what I really wanted to do was to hold her, kiss her, run my hands up what I knew were her wet hose and have her wet herself ccompletely in the hallway. 

She dashed into the toilet and pulled down her hose...they were wet to below her knees....I loved it, joked about it....she took them off and rainsed off.

We made love, but not with her wet hose. Actually we made love about an hour later....

So those were the wet times with Sara...she's not like you in terms of crying or being embrassed, but just doesn't like to pee in her pants.... 
