The Origins of Infinite Capacity-5

Author: Splashfics

5. New Face

Over the following two weeks, Chandra's relationship with her so-called friends swirled into an inexorable spiral of decline. Cordelia had neither said sorry, nor shown any inclination towards doing so and Chandra had all but accepted that she was not going to receive an apology from her humiliator in chief. This didn't even bother her as much as the sad frustration she felt at Sara's indifference. Once Chandra's closest ally and confidant, of late Sara had shown little to no interest in chastising her evidently more valued friend. She was clinging to Cordelia more closely than ever and it was driving a wedge deeper into the widening crevice between herself and her former best friend.

Somehow though, Chandra managed to march on, her head held upright and what kept her strong was the knowledge that despite everything anyone could throw at her, she was still special in her own weird way. Who else could say that they had gone three and a half weeks without a wee? Who else could drink with such reckless abandon, unrestrained by the shackles of lavatories and human biology? While externally, she tended to project a forlorn air, Chandra's internal world was running on the magical fumes of her goddess-like abilities and she was thoroughly enjoying the privilege. Wherever she might be, whenever anyone - even fictional television characters, would excuse themselves for the loo, she'd be reminded that she hadn't had to do such a thing in twenty eight entire days. She swelled with pride every time.

Lost in her thoughts one Friday afternoon, Chandra made her way through a throng of students exiting the main school building. She'd stopped walking home with Sara and Cordelia shortly after Sara's birthday weekend and was planning on avoiding them again today, but as she turned right at the gates, her eyes snapped suddenly into focus on the sight of Sara standing with her back to the wall a few metres along the pavement. Her first reflex was to stop and hope to change direction before she was seen, but noticing that Cordelia wasn't with her, Chandra let down her guard and continued along. Unexpectedly, Sara smiled and greeted Chandra in a way that seemed bizarre in light of recent events.
'Hiya Chandra. Or should I say stranger! Where've you been hiding?’

Chandra wasn't sure what to say. Had Sara come down with a case of stupidity in the last few weeks? Didn't she realise how miserable she'd been?

'Oh... nowhere really!' she replied, staring at a paving slab a few feet behind Sara's shoes and without smiling.

Finally noticing that her old friend seemed somewhat off colour, Sara's face betrayed a flicker of concern. Hesitating for a moment, she asked, ‘Are you up to much this weekend?’

And perhaps due to the awkwardness of their exchange, without waiting for a reply added, ‘Delia - er, Cordelia and I are coming back up here for that underground fireworks display they're doing.’

Chandra had no idea such an event was taking place and her curious eyes met Sara's for the first time.

‘Underground fireworks? How will you see them?’

They both giggled and Chandra felt herself reminded of a time when they did nothing but laugh at her silly jokes. But before Sara could explain, she spotted Cordelia rounding the entrance gate.

'Oh hiii, Delia! Jess!’

Evidently Sara had been waiting for Cordelia, who sauntered over with a dark haired girl from their year who Chandra was only vaguely familiar with. She couldn't shake the impression that she'd already been replaced.

‘Hi...’ Chandra mumbled, glancing at them both as the crevice yawned wider, allowing the earlier moment of warmth to escape. Sara, whose whole air had now changed, turned to Cordelia.

‘I was just telling Chandra about the fireworks.’

‘Oh,’ replied Cordelia, clearly unimpressed. ‘Is she coming then?’

Chandra knew this tone and did her best to deflect the pain Cordelia intended to inflict.

‘Erm..!'

Sara looked at Chandra, entirely unsure what to do now that she found herself stuck in the middle.

Chandra, who increasingly despised having to share a pavement with Cordelia, was not keen on the idea of spending any of her weekend in her toxic company. Still holding a soft spot for Sara however, she shrugged.

‘Yeah, I guess so.’

And she walked with them, hoping she wasn't making another mistake.

Chandra endured a stifling afternoon shopping for clothes in town with company she could happily have done without. Jess was as interesting as a packet of Ready Salted crisps and clearly served no purpose other than making Cordelia look even more stunning in a crowd. Nonetheless, Chandra was interested in what Sara had mentioned about fireworks and as they moved from boutique to boutique, she found out exactly what was being planned for the weekend. It didn't make sense to her that Sara and particularly Cordelia would make such an effort to be dressed so nicely, when the display would be taking place under the cover of darkness - nobody would be able to see them one way or the other.

