Sophie's strange reaction

Author: SplashFics

1.

Hay fever season was in full swing... Sophie's red eyes and itchy throat had been under siege since morning and she was desperate for anything to help soothe her symptoms as she staggered into the high street chemist.

As hard as it was to see through her irritated eyelids, there was no mistaking, once she located the aisle she needed, that where there should have been an assortment of allergy relief on offer, there were only empty shelves and sold out signs to be found. No expletive would have sufficed to sum up her boiling frustration and while her tears did help take away some of the itchiness, Sophie knew she had to find a solution or face the real possibility of going insane in a hurry. Tomorrow couldn't come soon enough. She couldn't bear to wait so long for a restock and left the chemist barely able to stop herself from lashing out at the nearest bystander.

Panicking and rubbing at her eyes now that she found herself again exposed to the beating sun and relentless clouds of pollen, Sophie looked up and down the high street hoping for a miracle. Since she'd started University, she'd been up and down that road a thousand times and could navigate it blindfolded. She knew every shop, inside and out, on both sides of the road and precisely what each one of them sold. Not a single one would have hay fever remedies. Not even that weird, blurry shop right across the way with a faded green cross above the door…

'Hang on...' Sophie wondered, 'has that always been there?'

Hiding in the shadow of a tree, an ancient looking shop front with a wooden sign, covered in intricately painted green words that Sophie could just about understand appeared to have squeezed itself between the neighbouring buildings like some bizarre otherworldly fissure.

As sketchy as it seemed, she was ready to try anything and her legs marched towards the shop with no hesitation. Sliding back the wooden door frame, Sophie stepped inside and immediately noticed a peculiar smell in the air. Along the walls, she saw jar after jar of inexplicable, curiously coloured objects and felt herself losing touch with reality, but if just one of those mysterious things could stop her eyes burning and put an end to the endless sneezing, she wasn't going to turn around until she found it.

A small woman sat behind a cash register. She'd noticed Sophie come in and welcomed her without leaving her seat. It was like she knew why Sophie was there and cracked a knowing smile as she watched her raise her forearm to catch yet another sneeze.

'I know what it is you seek,' the woman croaked, hopping down from her chair suddenly.

Sophie was impressed, though it didn't require a great deal of skill to deduce she was on the verge of keeling over.

'Come,' the woman said, beckoning Sophie through to the back room.

Sophie followed and was led into a small workshop with more shelves, jars and a large table where, it appeared, the shopkeeper blended together her concoctions. As the woman reached the table, she turned to her bleary eyed customer and scanned her from head to toe. Without another word, she faced the nearest shelf and took down a white bottle. Using a few drops to line her mortar, she then drew from within her sleeve a handful of brittle leaves which she then crumbled over the oily substance. Sophie noticed the smell with a shudder the moment it reached her nostrils. It was such a foul odour that she could smell it despite her blocked nose and she closed her eyes in disgust. The woman ground away with her pestle, adding a few more ingredients along the way and within a couple of minutes, let Sophie know that she was finished and to please return to the front of the shop.

'Gladly,' Sophie mumbled under her breath and made her way to the till, reaching into her handbag to find her purse.

She looked up to see on the counter a small jar filled with a fantastic, fluorescent liquid.

'You are to take exactly one tea spoonful every half an hour until the jar is empty... Thirteen pounds, if you please...'

With the putrid smell still fresh in her memory, Sophie wasn't especially keen to part with her cash, but desperation had twisted her arm to such a degree that she was soon handing over two crisp notes and heading for the exit with her dubious medicine in a paper bag.

'Just a second.'

As she reached the door, Sophie heard the woman call out - clearly she wasn't finished with her yet.

'What is it?' Sophie asked.

'Make sure to follow all directions...' the woman said with no hint of humour in her voice.

'Erm... Yeah, sure, I will,' Sophie said, managing a smile as she tucked the jar in her handbag and left.



2.


The moment Sophie got in that evening, before she kicked off her shoes or even thought about getting ready for a night out with the girls, she grabbed the paper bag out of her handbag and tore it open. Her eyes were burning more fiercely than they had all day and she was keen to sample her medicine in the hope that it would allow her to enjoy herself later. She looked at the jar and wondered how many doses she was going to need to take, imagining herself having to excuse herself every half hour to measure out a spoonful at the bar…

'Gosh I'm going to look ridiculous...' she thought aloud, then with a shrug of her shoulders decided to throw caution to the wind.

'...Stuff it, it's probably useless anyway.'

Sophie popped the cork and drained the entire jar in a few gulps. It tasted almost as terrible on her tongue as in her nostrils and she started retching. In throes of discomfort and trying her best to keep the liquid down, Sophie noticed, tucked inside the paper bag a small piece of folded paper.

'Oh yeah...' she coughed, wiping tears from her eyes.

Once she'd composed herself, she unfolded the discoloured note and gave it a scan. There was a long list of directions that she quickly realised she had not followed...


1. Not to be taken all at once.

2. Not to be taken on an empty stomach.

3. Not to be taken, or mixed with alcohol.

Without bothering to read the potential side effects listed below, Sophie laughed and tossed the note back inside the bag.

'Whoops.'

She hadn't eaten since breakfast and tonight was Poppy's nineteenth birthday…

'I suppose I can teetotal it...' she compromised begrudgingly.

But with friends like Sophie's, such a compromise would be an achievement indeed.

At seven on the dot, Sophie grabbed her keys and left her room. Sam met her at the end of the corridor and together they made the fifteen minute walk to a student bar not far from campus.

The other two hadn't arrived yet, so feeling responsible, Sophie decided to order herself a glass of water while they waited.

'Water??' asked Sam, her face full of surprise.

'Ugh I know...' grumbled Sophie, 'I took some medicine earlier, can't have anything strong!'

'Well, you could stretch to an orange juice at least, no?'

Sophie laughed.

'Yeah, sure why not!'

They ordered the drinks and waited a couple more minutes before Laura and birthday girl Poppy arrived.

'Hiya Sam, Soph! Sorry we're late!' Poppy apologised as she received a hug from each.

Laura noticed the two glasses of orange juice on the table and was appalled.

'I hope there's vodka in those!' she teased.

'No, we're being good tonight!' Sam laughed, nudging Sophie's arm.

'Stuff that, you can count me out!' replied Laura defiantly, 'We're getting sloshed tonight... Isn't that right?'

'Absolutely!' Poppy agreed, 'I really fancy a cocktail... In fact, as it's my birthday I'll get one for everyone, no arguments!'

Poppy's family being so well off, she was always happy to 'share the love' at the bar and her friends were always happy to receive it in abundance, but Sophie knew she'd have to moderate herself tonight... But before she was able to speak up, Poppy had strode off towards the bar. Sam turned to her and asked if it was alright.

'Well, I mean... Who could turn down a screaming orgasm?' she shrugged.

'Not me!' Sam laughed and the next moment Poppy was returning with a glass for everyone at the table.

It had only taken a handful of minutes, but Sophie was about to violate the third and final rule on the list. She licked her lips and took a first sip, initially feeling apprehensive, but then with each sip, loosening up until the promise she'd made to herself became a distant and fading memory.

Three rounds later, all was forgotten... Whether it was the medicine kicking in, or perhaps the fresher evening air moving in through the bar's windows, Sophie's symptoms began to die down and she felt as calm and comfortable as if she'd never even known suffering.

After the cocktails, they moved onto beer and it was Sophie's turn to buy a round.

'Right, I need a wee, so I'll come with you, Soph.'

Sam was on her feet and shuffling around to Sophie's side of the table. Sophie grabbed her purse and decided she'd follow her into the ladies before buying the drinks.

'God I'm bursting, I hate my bladder,' moaned Sam as she went into one of the stalls.

Sophie didn't much need to go she thought, but sat down in the neighbouring cubicle anyway. To her surprise, as soon as her bare bottom touched the toilet seat, she felt a dull, heavy ache inside her pelvis that suggested she needed to go a lot more than she realised. Before Sam had even started peeing next door, Sophie was letting rip. It rushed out of her like she was the more desperate of the two and her face flushed a deep shade of red. Sam, to her benefit, hadn't noticed and focused instead on relieving her own bladder, which at this point had begun emptying itself with more than enough intensity to rival Sophie's.

'Auhh... I needed that...' Sam moaned.

She peed abundantly for twenty seconds or so, then her stream began to recede and trickle away. Sophie on the other hand, was still going at full force and feeling more self-conscious by the second. At the rate she was peeing, she wondered if she might make it to one minute - a feat she'd only rarely accomplished under extreme strain and with considerably less force…

'God, you had to go, Soph!'

Sam flushed her toilet and had stepped outside to find Sophie still peeing in her stall.

'Apparently!' Sophie replied. She was quite lost for words, but on the stroke of a minute felt herself begin to taper off and her pee start to die down. Sam had finished washing and drying her hands when Sophie eventually joined her at the sinks.

'Not sure where that came from!' she said, her face still deep red.

Once she too had washed her hands, Sophie and Sam returned to the bar and bought the next round of beers. Sophie was still surprised by how much she'd peed, but thought less about it as she slipped further and further under the influence. As they finished the second round of beer, she felt herself tingling for another wee and was grateful to hear Laura verbalise the same desire.

'The seal's broken now I guess,' Sophie shrugged.

Sam appeared to also need the loo once more, but not wanting to leave Poppy on her own, agreed to wait for them to come back before she went herself.

This time, Sophie had no doubt she needed to pee and was a lot less at ease as she and Laura made their way through the bar. When they arrived at the ladies', they noticed one of the stalls was already occupied.

'It's fine, you can go first,' Laura said with a grin.

Clearly she'd noticed how urgent Sophie was and let her enter the nearest cubicle before her. Not wasting a moment, Sophie locked the door, bared her bottom again and let her relief spray loudly into the bowl.

'Auhh... Thanks Laur...'

'Not a problem, Soph...' Laura replied, convinced by the sound of her gushing that it was the fairest decision.

Sophie peed with as much passion as she had earlier. Her bladder ached just the same and her stream crashed equally as heavily into the bowl. The woman in the neighbouring stall, who had long finished what she was doing, unlocked the door and allowed Laura to enter a good minute after Sophie had started. To the surprise of everyone present, her solitary pee was still very audibly under way and she continued to stir up the water even as Laura sat down.

'Jesus, Sophie!' she said once the woman had left, 'It's a really good thing I let you in first, huh!'

'Auhhh...' Sophie moaned, unable to properly articulate herself and unsure what to say even if she could.

Laura began peeing the next moment. Despite her shock, she was undoubtedly keen to go and the water beneath her churned with respectable vigour. Her pee beamed hard and strong for the best part of a minute and she sighed with satisfaction once it came to an end, but nextdoor, Sophie was gushing as hard as ever. She carried on for thirty more seconds that felt twice as long and finally, as another woman entered the ladies', she topped out and trickled to a halt.

Sparing Sophie the embarrassment of any comments while the other woman was in earshot, Laura instead eye balled her as they washed their hands at the sinks a moment later. Well aware that she'd just taken a quite astounding pee, Sophie expected nothing less and shrugged her shoulders bashfully.

Back at their table, Sam, who had been waiting impatiently, greeted Sophie and Laura's return with a sigh of relief.

'Ugh, finally!' she moaned, 'Come on, Poppy!'

Sam dragged Poppy by the arm, more desperate than even she, who hadn't been to the toilet all night.

'Go easy, Sam!' Poppy laughed, doing her best to protect her glass from spilling.

Clearly she was in no hurry and stopped for a moment to finish the last of her beer. Sophie laughed along, but as she watched Poppy slurp down her beverage, she felt a familiar tingle in her nether regions. Realising at once what it meant, her face straightened.

'A - Actually, I need to go again. Poppy do you mind if I nip ahead of you?'

'You what??' shouted Laura.

Sophie knew it was bizarre after the performance she'd just put on, but her bladder was already feeling as full as it had been not even five minutes ago. Squeezing her knees together, she apologised to Poppy, who waved her on nonchalantly and she headed back to the loo for the third time that evening.

Finding only one available stall when they entered the ladies', Sophie was tempted to barge Sam out of the way and claim it for herself - she was that desperate, but Sam had other ideas and dipped ahead of her at the last moment. As she locked the door and sat down on the toilet, Sophie bit her lip and leaned against the sinks, hoping it wouldn't be too long before she could get back in there.

Sam peed with typical energy for the next thirty seconds. Sophie's eyes watered with anticipation the entire time and stared desperately at both the locked stalls.

'Come on, come on...' she whispered as she heard the roll of toilet paper and then finally the click of the lock as Sam emerged from her stall.

As fate would have it, the other stall also became available at this time, but Sophie zipped inside the one nearest to her and yanked down her clothes. The next moment, anyone would have thought there were three taps running in the ladies' toilet, as Sophie's stream jetted against the porcelain, competing with the women washing their hands.

'Mmhh...' she moaned, luxuriating in her relief.

The competition with the taps soon became no contest. Sophie outlasted them both and was still gushing hard as the woman left Sam on her own to wait for her friend.

'Didn't you just go only a minute ago, Sophie?' she asked, '... because it really doesn't sound like it.'

Indeed Sophie was peeing like she hadn't been all night and no one was more aware of that fact than she. But it wouldn't stop racing out of her and three minutes after she'd sat down, it continued to come.

'Give me a moment, Sam. I think I'm nearly finished...'

'Are you sure though?' Sam responded, almost laughing.

Sophie had peaked and what seemed like the last few drops were now trickling into the bowl, but as soon as she thought she might have been close to empty, she felt the weight return to her bladder and an almighty wave of pee surged out.

'Auhh... Actually no... I'm not...'

She was gushing again with reckless abandon and carried on in the same manner for half a minute before the stream died away once more.

'Err, look, Sam. You don't have to wait for me, I think I'll stay here a bit longer and make sure I get everything out.'

'Are you sure?' asked Sam, still laughing, but feeling a bit sorry for Sophie.

'Yeah, don't worry, I'll be back as soon as!'

'Okay then! See you in a bit,' Sam chirped and a moment later, she left the ladies' and went to rejoin the others at the table.

Sophie sat and squeezed as hard as she could, attempting to expel anything her bladder might have been holding onto. She couldn't feel any particular urge at that time and more often than not, nothing came out, but every now and then she'd notice a tingle that would lead to a trickle and then the pee would gush for a minute or so before stopping. It was tiring, but she wanted to be sure she was completely empty before returning to the bar. After five minutes of this repetitive routine, Sophie noticed someone enter the ladies' toilets.

'Soph, are you in there?'

It sounded like Poppy.

'Oh, hi Poppy. Yeah, it's me.'

'Are you alright?' Poppy asked.

'Yeah, no worries, I just drank too much! I think my bladder was a bit full, that's all.'

She laughed and Poppy did too before entering the neighbouring stall.

'I can certainly relate,' she said as Sophie heard the rustle of her dress.

The next moment Poppy was peeing and a clear and confident stream struck noisily into her bowl, resonating through the stall divider and reaching Sophie's ears.

'You know, my friends used to call me Posh Poppy at school because I'd never go to the toilet. They thought it was because I was secretly a member of the royal family and that using common toilets was against royal protocol or some story, but obviously that was all a load of rubbish!'

Sophie laughed again as Poppy continued.

'Anyway one day I wanted to show them I wasn't too posh to use the toilet at school and that I just never needed to go, so I remember during lunch I drank the entire jug of squash on our table and then the jug on the next table down and told everyone I'd go for a wee at the end of the day. Of course I was bursting by the time we were let out and I raced to the toilets and showed them all I was just as common as they were... The only problem was I was so bursting, my little exhibition went on much longer than I'd expected and they all had to go home before I even finished! My mum ended up sending one of the teachers when she arrived to collect me and I wasn't there... It was an absolute nightmare!'

'Ha ha, get out! No way!' Sophie laughed. 'You're joking aren't you?'

'No word of a lie,' giggled Poppy.

They continued giggling at Poppy's story and Sophie felt grateful to her for trying to make her feel better. The entire time she'd been talking, her confident pee had continued to cascade with some volume and it really added an element of authenticity to the tale.

'So I'm guessing it always takes you a long time?' Sophie asked some minutes later.

'It does indeed,' Poppy replied casually, 'but if you're finished, I can wrap it up over here too?'

'You - is that alright?' asked Sophie.

'Oh, I only came to keep you company really, I wasn't bursting or anything...'

'Wow, um... Well, I think I am finished. Let me see...'

Sophie hadn't tried in a while and decided to give it one last squeeze for the night. She bore down on her pelvis for a moment and noticed a slight tingle, but it quickly subsided.

'Yeah, I think I'm all done,' she advised and pulled some paper from the roll.

'Okay,' said Poppy, who a moment later shut off her stream and did the same.

At the sinks, Sophiekept her head down as she and Poppy washed their hands.

'I'm not drinking another drop for the rest of the night...' she pledged, feeling utterly fed up of being in the toilet.

Turning to Poppy once she'd finished using the dryer, she noticed her quickly change her face to look more upbeat as their eyes met.

'Is something the matter?' she asked.

Poppy shook her head and smiled.

'No no,' she replied brightly and they returned to the bar.

For the rest of the evening, Sophie steered clear of alcohol and left the drinking to the others. Something strange was happening to her and she'd finally decided to take the instructions on the medicine bottle more seriously. She'd eaten a few of the nachos and chicken wings that had arrived in her absence and to her relief, it seemed to be doing the trick. Sam and Laura got up to use the ladies' a handful of times, but Sophie was thankfully able to endure alongside Poppy at the table until it was time to call an end to the birthday celebrations.

After walking Poppy and Laura to the bus stop, where they shared a loud and merry goodbye, Sophie and Sam staggered back to their hall of residence. Sam was quite the worse for wear, so Sophie, who had eased off the booze much earlier in the night, supported her weight for much of the way. She was feeling a lot better now and didn't particularly mind, but she did notice her throat feeling extremely dry. When they arrived, Sophie found herself desperately thirsty and was practically gasping for a glass of water as she helped Sam into her room.

'Is it alright if I have a bit of water?' she asked Sam, who ignored her question, stumbling straight into her en-suite to use the toilet.

Deciding it would be okay to help herself to a couple of swigs of the large bottle by Sam's bed, Sophie unscrewed the lid and brought it straight to her lips. Her thirst was seemingly unquenchable and in several blinks of an eye, she'd drained the entire thing.

'Sorry, Sam, I finished your water... Hope you don't mind,' she called out, wiping her mouth, but again Sam was unresponsive.

Within the en-suite bathroom, Sam was slumped to one side on the toilet, with her knickers at her knees.

'Guess that's a no then,' said Sophie, who with considerable effort managed to coax her friend off the loo and guide her into her bed.

Satisfied that Sam was safe, Sophie let herself out and crossed the corridor to her own room. There, she made a beeline for the bathroom sink and turned on the cold tap. Without even bothering to use a glass, she bent over and gulped mouthfuls of water for several minutes, menaced as she was by her terrible thirst. After an age, she stood upright again, panting for air and with strands of hair sticking to her wet face. For the time being she was sated and feeling suddenly worn out, decided to brush her teeth and get ready for bed.

'What a day it’s been...' she sighed as she slipped under the sheets. On her bedside table she noticed the paper bag from her medicine was sitting in the same position she'd tossed it earlier and paused for a moment.

'So glad that's over and done with,' she mumbled, rolling over to face the other way.

But in eight hours time, Sophie would find that her strange reaction was only going to get worse before it got any better. Her curious ordeal wasn't over by a very, very long shot...

Sophie always slept through the night. There wasn't a lot she couldn't sleep through and when she awoke in agony the next morning, she wondered what on earth could have happened to cause such an awful pain in her stomach. She rolled over sluggishly and as her eyes made out the blurred outline of a paper bag on her bedside table, the events of yesterday came flooding back.

'Auhh...' she moaned, closing her eyes again.

She'd woken to a full bladder in the past - it was something she was used to as a heavy sleeper, but the ache inside her pelvis this morning was unlike any she'd experienced in living memory. Her bladder felt as solid and large as a bowling ball and Sophie feared it was about to explode as she rushed to slide her hand between her legs.

Hopping out of bed with a considerable amount of difficulty, Sophie caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror as she passed it on her way to the bathroom. Even without pulling up her top, she could see how swollen her belly was. When she revealed it a moment later, sliding down the waist band of her shorts for good measure, she gasped at what looked like a watermelon beneath her skin.

She began to panic and frantically hobbled into the en-suite to try and let the pee out of her throbbing bladder. Sliding her shorts the rest of the way down, she lifted the lid of the toilet and perched herself upon the seat. The very next moment, without any need to force it, a geyser of unprecedented magnitude shot out and struck deep into the bottom of the bowl. The sheer power was enough to drive the water down the U-bend and meant Sophie's stream was very soon striking against bare porcelain.

She writhed and moaned and felt as if her bladder was getting fuller with every second that passed. Sophie sat and sat and peed and peed seemingly for an eternity. Minutes were flying by and in a flash, five, then ten had gone. The pain gradually decreased, but the desperate need for relief wouldn't subside. In less than half an hour she had to get ready and leave for a morning lecture, but she couldn't bring herself to separate her bottom from a toilet seat that was giving her so very much satisfaction.

'I'm going to have to startgetting ready soon...' she thought with a frown.

Her toothbrush and toothpaste were easily reachable from the toilet, so Sophie stretched over the sink and grabbed them both with one hand, as pee continued to crash out of her all the while. She spent several minutes cleaning her teeth and peeing and then craned her neck over the sink again to spit. If she was going to get ready properly, she was going to have to postpone this pee. In practice, it would be a lot more difficult to actually stop peeing though and after several minutes of delaying the inevitable, it took an almighty squeeze, as well as all eight of her fingers to quell the raging flow.

Managing to stand, Sophie could feel her bladder was still unreasonably full, but time was short and she had to force any thoughts of desperation to the back of her mind and go and get dressed. After washing her hands and face, she dashed back into her bedroom, threw on some clothes and grabbed her bag.

In her life she couldn't remember a time when she'd left the house needing to pee so badly, but before she knew it she was outside and the door was slamming shut behind her, cutting her off from her fastest route to relief.

If she got a move on she might be able to spend a couple of minutes in the ladies' before the lecture started, so Sophie hurried along, hoping that the whole thing might miraculously be cancelled.

On her way, she bumped into a friend.

'Sophie!'

Hearing her name suddenly and looking up, Sophie saw Poppy hopping off a bus with her mobile phone in her hand.

'I've been messaging you all morning, Soph, what's up?' she asked, eyeing her sympathetically.

'You have? Crap, sorry, Poppy...' replied Sophie, reaching into her bag to try and find her own phone.

'Oh bugger, I must have forgotten to pick it up,' she groaned.

Sophie's flustered frustration was beginning to show. In her desperation that morning, she'd neglected to even check her messages, which was something she did almost ritually when she woke up.

'Is everything okay?' Poppy asked.

'No... Yeah...' Sophie replied, grimacing and struggling to maintain eye contact. 'It's just I'm absolutely dying for a wee.'

Saying it out loud didn't make it any better...

'Oh, can you hold it?'

'I think so...' Sophie moaned, 'If I can just make it to the loo before the lecture starts I should be alright...'

Poppy looked down at her phone and started tapping a message.

'Well we have quite a few minutes to spare,' she said a moment later, 'Perry says Doctor Robbie's running late apparently.'

'Oh fantastic!' cried Sophie, 'Let's hurry up then!' The ladies' toilets were only a stone's throw away from the lecture theatre and Poppy was more than happy to wait for Sophie while she emptied - or tried to empty her bladder. As soon as they entered the room, Sophie burst into the nearest stall and once again she was in agony. Her bladder was bulging into the seam of her trousers and the only thing she could think of was getting them down and letting her pee out immediately.

'Auhhhhh...'

It felt like heaven and Sophie wasn't afraid to let it be known once she was finally able to let loose into the bowl. Across the divider, Poppy decided to sit down on the toilet too, just as she'd done the night before.

'Sounds like you were holding that in for a while!' she remarked and started to pee as well.

'Did you not have time to go when you woke up?'

'Err!' Sophie hesitated, 'I suppose not, no...'

She didn't want to get into how desperate she'd been all morning, let alone how much she’d already peed and instead let the sound of her pee echo violently around the room. Poppy too was striking up quite a bit of noise in her stall now and Sophie found herself surprised, especially given she'd not shown any sign that she even needed to go until now. They peed without talking for a very long time and in the blink of an eye, three minutes had passed. As shocked as Sophie was that Poppy was going for so long, it was Poppy who broke the silence.

'Wow, Sophie... You don't usually... Go so long do you...?'

She sounded moved, but Sophie could only bring herself to bashfully stutter a reply.

'W-well I'm-’

Suddenly there came a whistle and ping from Poppy's stall.

'Oh drat, we'd better wrap it up. Perry says they're about to start going in.'

Like closing a zip, Poppy stopped peeing instantly. Sophie's heart sank and unable to stop so easily, squeezed as hard as she could, managing to halt the flow of her own pee some seconds later.

'Bugger...' she thought, cursing the fact that she still felt so full even after such a long stint on the toilet.

At the sinks as she hurriedly washed her hands, Sophie noticed Poppy glancing at her every couple of seconds. She seemed to be suppressing something and finally, when they'd both finished using the hand dryer, she came out with it.

'You weren't finished, were you...'

Poppy's eyes were intently fixed on Sophie and she felt slightly knocked off balance.

'Err, no... To tell the truth...’

'Like, not even close, right?'

Sophie shook her head.

Poppy bit her curling lip, trying not to smile. Her eyes were brighter than Sophie had ever seen them.

'Let’s try again after the lecture, okay?'

'Y - Yeah, okay,' Sophie agreed and they made their way to the lecture theatre.

One hour had never lasted so long. Sophie found herself in the midst of a veritable nightmare. Sitting with the open window to her side, she was harassed throughout by a frigid breeze and it seemed that everybody in the entire room - including Dr Robbie, had remembered to bring a bottle today and was making sure to gulp down water as blatantly and as often as possible. Poppy was acting strangely as well. Ever since they'd returned from the toilet, she'd been sporadically staring at Sophie. Sophie couldn't tell if it was sympathy, or something else - she was far too desperate to make much of anything going on in the lecture and struggled even to take notes.

'It's alright, I'll let you borrow mine,' Poppy whispered, well aware of Sophie's plight.

'Thanks...' she replied, placing her pen down on the table in order to relocate her hand between her legs.

Soon Sophie gave up entirely on listening to what was being said by Doctor Robbie and placed her head down on the table, her legs bobbing as if she were riding an imaginary racing horse. She felt Poppy's hand give her shoulder a reassuring squeeze and wished she could have shown more gratitude, but honestly felt as if she were adrift at sea. The skin on her lip had long been broken by the pressure of her anxious teeth and Sophie was beginning to taste blood in her mouth as suddenly the noise level in the lecture theatre went up. Unaware until that moment that she'd somehow, miraculously made it through the entire hour, the sudden realisation was almost enough to cause her to lose control.

'Hey, come on, get up.'

Poppy spoke softly into her ear, encouraging her to collect her things so they could get going. Sophie did exactly as prompted and hurriedly packed away her books, then hobbling all the way, made an awkward dash towards the exit.

Outside, a group of girls was heading to the ladies' toilets as well. One of Sophie's professors was also standing in the hall. Professor Turner, barely older than the students she instructed, tended to get on well with everybody, including Sophie, so it was with some regret that she ignored the woman's cheerful 'hello' as she passed.

'Sorry!' Sophie called, dashing in front of the group of girls who weren't paying attention.

There was no time for pleasantries while her bladder was so full. With Poppy close behind her, they bundled along the hallway and arrived in tandem at the ladies', just in time to find two available stalls. Sophie took the left, sat down and started peeing like nobody’s business. Poppy took the right and once again unleashed the contents of her own, deceptively full bladder. For a long while, the two girls drowned out the timid streams of all the other occupants that came and went and after five minutes they were both still going strong.

Out of six stalls in the room, theirs were the only two that weren't turning over and Sophie started to feel self-conscious about what people might be thinking. As yet another stall turned over, the occupant voicing her disbelief on her way out, Sophie and Poppy were left alone and Poppy took the opportunity to share a piece of her mind across the divider.

'Sophie!' she said breathlessly, ‘What's come over you?'

'What?' asked Sophie, unsure what Poppy was getting at.

'I didn't know you could pee like this!' she continued, her voice burning with an unusual passion, 'do... do you still have a lot to go?'

As Poppy waited for her answer with baited breath, Sophie considered the sensation inside her bladder.

'Well, I do still feel terribly full...' she replied, flabbergasted at the words coming out of her own mouth.

'Amazing...' gasped Poppy, 'I can't remember the last time...'

'Err, the last time what, Poppy?'

For a moment, Poppy's pee was all Sophie could hear from her stall, before she piped up again.

'Gosh, this is going to sound a bit silly,' she laughed, sounding quite shy all of a sudden, 'I just, um, can't remember the last time I had company - this sort of company... While going to the toilet, you know?'

'Oh god...' said Sophie.

'Sorry if that's weird... Only, Sophie! You don't understand... What I said yesterday night - about never going to the toilet at school, it really was the truth you know? I honestly never did and I've almost never struggled to hold it if I had to, so it's always taken me ever so long to go, you see... If I'd known you were like me...'

Poppy's voice cracked for a moment before regaining its composure a second later.

'Just once...' she continued, 'Just once I'd like to finish a wee at the same time as someone else... Please tell me you still have more to go?'

'Don't worry, Poppy, I'm still ruddy bursting!'

The racket beneath Sophie's thighs was testament to that and Poppy responded in kind, her pee, like Sophie's, not having diminished even slightly since they'd started eight minutes ago.

Shortly after their moment of bonding, a newcomer joined Sophie and Poppy in the ladies' toilets and entered the stall next to Sophie's. Not wanting to continue chatting while someone else was in the room, they kept silent while the woman pulled up her clothes and began tinkling away. Her pee was almost entirely drowned out by the sound of Sophie's next to her and Poppy's a little bit further along and after she'd been going for close to a minute, she suddenly cleared her throat. Sophie thought she recognised who it was and wondered if she might have been making a subtle reference to what she could obviously hear in the neighbouring stalls. The next moment a whispered 'wow' escaped her lips as all three occupants crossed the minute barrier.

The woman's stream began to die away and then stop, but she didn't take any tissue from the roll and instead seemed to be waiting. Sophie had the impression she was listening to her and Poppy and she wondered how long she might stay before throwing in the towel. Multiple minutes passed by without any reduction in the intensity of peeing, when all of a sudden, Sophie found herself startled by the unexpected sound of her name.

'Is that you in there, Sophie?'

Confirming her suspicion that it was Professor Turner, Sophie heard the woman's voice coming from low down in the next stall. Realising she'd been looking at her shoes and feeling more than a little bit exposed, Sophie awkwardly replied.

'Erm... Yes?'

'Good - Good grief!' Professor Turner spluttered, 'But I saw you come in here more than ten minutes ago!'

Sophie wasn't sure what she was meant to say. It wasn't like she could do anything about that... In the end she didn't say anything and carried on peeing. Thankfully Poppy was still going to her left, so she didn't feel half as mortified as she could have. But Professor Turner, typically calm and level-headed, had been driven slightly out of her mind by the preposterous nature of the pees she was hearing and wouldn't leave Sophie alone. She remained in her stall for the longest time, listening silently and intently, until eventually she could take no more.

'Good Lord I... I don't know what kind of a joke you two are playing, but I don't like it at all!' she said, her voice shaking uncomfortably.

The next moment, Professor Turner let herself out of her stall, forgetting even to flush her own toilet, before washing her hands and hurriedly fleeing from the room. Sophie was speechless and scrunched up her face from the sheer awkwardness of it all. From the next stall, Poppy seemed to sense her emotions.

'Don't worry, Soph, she'll get over it. People always react like that the first time...'

Poppy sounded so experienced and Sophie couldn't help but feel slightly in awe.

'Yeah?' she asked, keen for reassurance.

'Trust me...' Poppy affirmed.

Imagining how many times Poppy must have been in this same situation, Sophie suddenly found herself with a multitude of questions.

'So... this must happen to you a lot then?' she asked, trying to be as delicate as she could.

'Well, actually I started avoiding public toilets quite a few years ago. Any time I do go for a wee when I'm out, I'll only go for as long as whoever is with me. Much less attention that way, you see.'

'Ah... okay... But hang on, what about last night?'

'Oh that!' said Poppy, as if she'd already forgotten the enormous pee she'd taken in Sophie's company.

'Well... Laura was really going on about you when you guys came back from the loo. Like really going on... And obviously you'd gone straight back in with Sam, so when she came back to the table without you and she was saying pretty much the same thing as Laura, I thought I'd come and see for myself... And I um... maybe I got a bit carried away because I thought you might be like me...'

Poppy laughed innocently as Sophie filled in the gaps in her mind. It was starting to make sense now, but she wondered what Poppy meant by 'like her'. They'd both been peeing for over twenty-five minutes now and neither of their streams showed any sign of letting up. Sophie was worried as well by the fact that the entire time, Poppy remained unperturbed. What was normal for her? Judging by her stream it was anyone's guess and after a while Sophie found herself begging for her own pee to come to an end. As nice as it was to be a support to Poppy, she wasn't sure she really wanted to be like her.

'So err... what do you have next?' asked Sophie some minutes later.

'I'm free for the rest of the day now,' Poppy replied brightly, 'you?'

'I've got a solid day of lectures...'

Sophie was keen to avoid spending the rest of the day in the toilets and made sure she was clear on this point. It didn't seem to lessen Poppy's enthusiasm though and she carried on peeing as happily as could be. Before they knew it, half an hour had passed.

'This has made my day, Soph! Wow!'

'Heh... Yeah...'

Sophie was having difficulty sharing Poppy's enthusiasm. All she wanted to do was to be done, but the nagging, urgent desperation inside her bladder wouldn't go away as it went on pumping litre after litre into the toilet bowl.

'I can't tell you how grateful I am, you know... No one has ever come this far with me...'

Poppy was getting emotional again.

'To think it's finally going to happen and of all people for it to be you. It's unbelievable.'

Sophie furrowed her brow and stared at the divider.

'Can you spare a little bit more, Sophie?' Poppy asked.

'What, sorry?' responded Sophie, not following her.

'I'm almost finished.'

'You're what?' screamed Sophie inside her head.

She couldn't be... After everything she'd said, after everything Sophie had witnessed, 'Posh Poppy' was almost finished and Sophie's own bladder didn't even feel close to empty. She didn't want to believe it could be true, but while Sophie gushed on and on, beside her Poppy finally began slowing down.

'Where the hell is it even coming from?' Sophie wondered desperately.

Having been going for over forty five minutes with such absurd intensity, it was unthinkable that Sophie should have had to disguise the fact that she still needed to pee, but as Poppy's stream continued to lose strength, Sophie did everything she could to make it seem like she too was finishing off.

Poppy stopped completely on the stroke of forty six minutes... Sophie's bladder on the other hand, was far from empty and still throbbed with fullness. Outrageously she was still desperate, but she couldn't possible continue...

Squeezing as hard as she could, Sophie just barely managed to cut off the flow and pretended she was all done. As she pulled up her underwear her heart sank. Though she’d managed to gain some temporary relief, she felt as if she'd be walking into the same scenario the moment she flushed the toilet and left the stall.

At the sinks, Poppy greeted Sophie with a look of such satisfaction that she was momentarily distracted from her inner plight, but as much as she thanked and praised her, it did nothing to calm her nerves.

'Is it weird if I give you a hug?' Poppy asked.

'Err, no that's fine...' said Sophie, still feeling awkward about the whole thing.

'Nah don't worry, it's fine. Ha ha, sorry, I'm just a bit excited.'

Poppy was rambling.

'I've known I was a freak since I was small and honestly I got used to it a long time ago, just... It's just kind of nice to feel normal for a change...'

Sophie wasn't quite sure she could agree with her logic, but smiled anyway and soon they were walking out of the ladies' toilets. Though she was still fidgeting slightly, Poppy didn't notice and they left the building to find a cafeteria. As she was free for the rest of the day, Poppy said she’d treat Sophie to a coffee, but was soon reminded of her schedule.

'Oh, right! Sorry, Soph. Maybe next time then,' she smiled as Sophie excused herself and said goodbye.

There were less than ten minutes before Sophie's next lecture started, so as soon as she was out of sight, she made a mad dash back to the toilets. She just had to try and relieve herself enough to avoid yet another agonising struggle...

The lecture was in the same room as earlier, so Sophie retraced her steps along the corridor and hoped she could pee for a couple of minutes before things got started. As she reached the end of the corridor though, she remembered who the lecturer was for this subject and her heart sank quickly at the sight of Professor Turner standing well within the vicinity of the toilets. Sophie couldn't possibly let her see her going back in there after the fiasco earlier and hesitated, her eyes watering and her bladder bursting.

The Professor spotted her from a distance and seemed to be eyeing her with some suspicion, but then suddenly Sophie felt a tap on her shoulder.

'Hey Soph! You ready for the lecture?'

It was Fiona, a reasonably good friend of Sophie's who was taking the same module. They rarely chatted and Sophie wasn't sure she'd be up for small talk at this moment in time, but very soon she was considering making Fiona her new best friend.

'D'you mind keeping me company quickly? I'm just popping to the loo.'

Sophie could have given her a hug, or even kissed her.

'Yeah, sure,' she chirped, hoping she didn't sound too keen.

If the Professor saw her going back into the toilets with someone else, it would look much less suspicious and as Fiona waved on their way past, Sophie tried her best to suppress the embarrassment that was still quite fresh in her memory.

Inside, Fiona took a seat in the stall closest to the wall, Sophie occupied the one next to it and in no time at all the air was filled with the familiar sound of two girls peeing. One of those girls however sounded like several girls going all at the same time in the same bowl... Unlike Poppy, Fiona's stream was incredibly weak in comparison and while Sophie tried her best to hold back the intensity of her own stream, it was still many a decibel louder.

To think she was the one who had to pee...' she cringed.

Barely grazing thirty seconds, Fiona's pee seemed to be over before it had even started as far as Sophie was concerned. She cursed silently in the next stall as she heard the sound of toilet paper rustling and shortly after that, a flush and a click of the lock.

Half a minute wouldn't be nearly long enough for Sophie to gain any meaningful relief and she started to wonder how much longer she could realistically keep going without causing Fiona to lose her mind. She desperately needed to empty her bladder just a bit more before flushing if she had any hope of avoiding an accident during the lecture, but remembering what Poppy had said, she knew she’d have to keep it as short as possible.

Sophie decided in the end to give it two more minutes. Of course, by normal standards, such a long and powerful pee would be quite shocking indeed, but she just couldn't bring herself to stop so soon. Not while it felt so good...

She leant back and let the pee flow hard and free while carefully keeping an eye on her watch. As the seconds ticked by, she wondered what Fiona must have been thinking. She'd long exited her stall, washed her hands and was now waiting patiently at the sinks, but she was ever so quiet... Was she perhaps being polite? Or maybe she was stood staring at the door of Sophie's stall with her jaw on the floor...

'Nah... Fiona's cool... she wouldn't freak out over something like this!' Sophie thought, trying to calm herself down, 'Maybe I can go for another minute?'

And one minute (and nineteen seconds) over her originally allotted time limit, Sophie squeezed as hard as she could to bring her thunderous pee to a premature end. It was still quiet on the other side of the door, so when she flushed the toilet and stepped outside, although her bladder was still full, she felt she'd managed to achieve her goal of keeping a sufficiently low profile. She flashed a smile at Fiona and made a move towards the sinks, but Fiona didn't smile back. In fact, it looked like her face was broken.

'Oh... My... God... Sophie...'

Sophie's ears caught fire immediately. Fiona was staring at her like she was an extraterrestrial being.

'I've NEVER heard ANYONE go to the toilet like that!'

She couldn't believe how badly she'd miscalculated and Sophie tried to brush off

Fiona's attention, focusing instead on washing her hands.

'No but seriously... Is your bladder like, the size of a car? W-what the hell, Sophie?'

Sophie hurriedly washed and dried her hands, hoping that Fiona would get over it and calm down a bit before they went outside, but she carried on ranting and raving even as they re-entered the corridor. Professor Turner was standing right there at the door to the lecture theatre, well within earshot and Sophie began to panic.

'Give it a rest, Fi, eh?' she hissed as discreetly as she could.

'But do you not realise how insane that was?' Fiona retorted.

'Shut up!'

Sophie had had enough and resorted to a more direct approach. By now it wasn't only Professor Turner with an eye turned in their direction, other passing students and those waiting for their own lectures were starting to take notice. Thankfully for Sophie, Fiona did shut up and the heat died down for a couple of moments, but as soon as more of her friends arrived she piped up again, telling them all about their 'outrageous' trip to the ladies'.

It was hard enough for Sophie to concentrate on holding her pee without having to deal with

Fiona's ranting on top of everything. Her eyes were swimming and if she didn't get away from her, she feared she'd either make it obvious that she was still horrendously desperate, or end up thoroughly wetting herself - two scenarios she was extremely keen to avoid.

Though the start of her lecture was mere minutes away, Sophie made the split second decision to throw away her record of perfect attendance and made a run for it.

Somewhere behind her in the corridor she heard Fiona's guilty voice calling out an apology, but really she wasn't running to get away from her, she simply had to get to a toilet as soon as possible and she was determined to find one before her bladder exploded in her jeans.

Sophie's legs wanted to take her right back to the toilet she'd left so reluctantly only moments ago, but in light of the embarrassment she was likely to face if any of the the students lining the corridor were to see her going in yet again, she knew she had to get well away from campus before she took on the monumental task of draining her over-filled bladder.

As she stalked along the paths that would lead her home, if she wasn't wiping the sweat off her brow, Sophie was using her hand to squeeze tightly between her legs - but only when nobody was looking... She wished she didn't have to, but inexplicably, it felt as if her bladder was filling even further and becoming even more difficult to keep subdued.

Finally, after an age, she turned onto her road. Sophie's hand dove inside her bag to fish out her key and avoid any faffing about at the door, but as she ran up to the residence it slowly dawned on her that her mobile phone hadn't been the only item she'd forgotten that morning... All of a sudden blood was rushing to her head.

'What am I going to do?'

Sophie was frantic. Looking up and down the road, she begged for there to be another resident passing by who might be able to let her in, but the entire area was deserted. Hopelessly she thrust her hand back inside her bag, refusing to accept that the key wasn't there, but the second search turned out to be as fruitless as the first and before she knew it Sophie was sobbing.

She eyed the surrounding area, sheepishly weighing up the possibility that she might have to relieve herself outdoors, but as she spun around in circles, she gradually realised that hidden spots were few and far between; it would be just her luck for someone to wander by as soon as she got her trousers down... So Sophie hobbled her way up the road trying to find some cover, ultimately ending up all the way back on the main road. By now her legs were beginning to seize up and she felt herself losing the strength to keep herself supported. Just a few metres away was a bench. Sophie knew she had no choice but to try to compose herself, so she sat down and buried her face in her lap.

Above her head, Sophie could hear the faint buzz of far-away traffic and the occasional pedestrian as they passed her by in what must have looked quite a worrying position. But despite her obvious distress, it took a while for one of them to stop and ask if she was okay.

Are you alright, dear?'

Sophie looked up to see a woman and her shopping bags peering down at her.

'Whatever's the matter?'

She couldn't lie and it would have been useless trying, so embarrassed and disarmed by the woman's unrestrained concern, Sophie gritted her teeth and mumbled a reply.

'I need the loo and I'm locked out...'

'Oh no,' said the woman, smiling sweetly, 'well, I only live a couple of minutes away, you can pop in and use mine if you like.'

Fighting off an initial desire to decline, Sophie realised she was in no position to do any such thing and quickly accepted the woman's offer.

'Can you stand? Here, I'll help you up.'

The woman freed up a spare hand and helped Sophie to her feet, then slowly and steadily led her along the pavement towards her home and within the couple of minutes she'd advised, they were standing outside the door waiting to go inside.

'I'm popping back out shortly, but just take as long as you need, dear.'

If Sophie weren't so desperate she might have laughed; this woman clearly had no idea who she was talking to. They stepped inside the hallway and she directed Sophie up the stairs and to the toilet just to the left of the landing.	Unable by that point to even dare to try and lock the door, Sophie could barely snatch down her knickers and plant herself on the toilet seat in time before the pee was once again gushing out of her. A moan of pure, unbridled relief slipped out and mingled with the roar of the bowl beneath her shuddering legs as she peed like it was for the very first time in her life. The fact that she was in somebody's house didn't even cross her mind, Sophie's only objective was relief and for minutes on end she sat with her eyes closed and her mouth open wide, in a sort of ecstasy-induced stupor.

'Auuuhhhh...'

The rate at which her pee was escaping was simply astounding and it was creating a noise that surely would have been quite audible throughout the small house.

Sophie wondered if she should try and stop, seeing as she was showing no signs of slowing down at all and since she wasn't sure how much time the woman had meant to allow her. But stopping now would have been next to impossible, especially given how much Sophie was enjoying the way it felt. She never wanted to separate her bottom from the toilet seat for as long as it was providing her such incredible relief.

But some fifteen minutes deep into the blissful abyss, Sophie heard movement outside the door.

'Crap!' she thought, beginning to panic, 'she's already finished putting away her shopping!'

In truth, the quarter of an hour it had taken was by no means anything less than should have been expected, but Sophie's raging pee had loosened her grasp on reality and temporal normality. She decided it would probably be best to call time before the woman was forced to have to ask her to stop and so she squeezed as hard as she could... However this time it didn't work.

Sophie squeezed again and again, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't stop peeing. In fact, she was only adding to the already jet-like pressure with every attempt.

'No, no, no... What am I going to do now?' she begged, staring between her thighs at the white water shooting madly out of her.

Minute after minute passed and Sophie kept on gushing. She was certain the woman - who was still upstairs and had still not said anything - could hear her, but what was she thinking? A random stranger had come into her house and had been peeing like crazy for over twenty minutes with no end in sight... She had to be close to being driven out of her mind... But Sophie still couldn't stop. Again she tried to bring an end to her unreasonably long pee but was unable to do so for the umpteenth time. A grimace crept over her face and burning tears began to well in her eyes.

As half an hour loomed on the horizon, Sophie suddenly looked up from her palms, having heard more footsteps outside the door. It sounded like the homeowner again...

'H-hello in there...?'

Sophie couldn't bring herself to answer. The only way she could respond to the woman's nervous voice was by continuing to pee with undying energy. She meant no disrespect, the words just wouldn't come out.

'Sorry to err, disturb you... It's just, I have to pick up my daughter from school in a moment... A-Are you going to be much longer?'

Once more Sophie replied with nothing but more pee, her ability to communicate temporarily deserting her as she desperately tried over and over again to squeeze shut the floodgates. But these attempts gave off the unfortunate and opposite impression that she was merely flexing her muscles and 'revving the engine' in a bizarre show of urinary force.

Another half an hour passed before she heard another peep from outside. Sophie's pee was no closer to running dry and hadn't even remotely eased off since the woman had last spoken to her. This time though, her patience appeared to have worn thin and she was far less accommodating to her gushing guest.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

'Look, I'm sorry dear but I've got to go now... Ellie’s waiting for me!’

Sophie opened her mouth to speak, but could only croak inaudibly at the door.

'I don't know what's going on with you, but you'll have to wrap that up I'm afraid,' the woman continued.

Still without a response, she then knocked against the door with her fist, more urgently this time.

Tears were now streaming from Sophie's eyes. She knew she couldn't wrap it up and she was at a loss as to what she should do.

'I'm... I'm sorry,' she sniffed, 'I'm not finished yet...'

Her sheepish voice could barely be heard over the roar of pee, but the woman caught enough to respond with some shock.

'I beg your pardon??' she asked, unable to believe what Sophie had just said. 'Are you having me on? What are you, some kind of a freak of nature? Come on, out you come - now!1

Sophie was beginning to feel scared and apologised over and over while her pee continued to crash.

'Please! I'm sorry!' she called out, but the woman carried on banging against the door.

'Get out of there! Get out of my house!'

'I'm sorry!!' Sophie screamed at the woman, crying her eyes out, 'I CAN'T BLOODY STOP!!'

A second later the handle on the door turned...

Remembering that she hadn't locked it, Sophie was horrified to see the rest of the door then swing open and the wild-eyed woman step through into the bathroom. She stared at the girl upon her toilet, her trousers at her knees and a storm raging below her legs... Ignoring her desperate pleas, the woman dashed forward and grabbed Sophie by the arm.

'Come on, get up!' she shouted, trying to pull Sophie off the toilet.

'No!! Don't!!' Sophie shouted back, 'I can't stop -PLEASE!!'

But it was no use... The woman wouldn't listen and after two yanks managed to drag her completely off. Sophie's pee sprayed all over the toilet seat and onto her trousers.

They quickly became soaked along with her knickers as Sophie tried frantically to pull them both up in the ensuing struggle - she had by no means finished...

'You're getting pee all over my floor!' the woman shouted, well aware that Sophie was now furiously wetting herself and everything else in her path.

She dragged her by the arm out of the bathroom and led Sophie down the stairs, all while she was still peeing hard enough to leave a clear and obvious trail all over the carpet.

'Oh you dirty little girl! Get out! OUT!'

She shoved Sophie through the front door and slammed it shut behind her, leaving her no other option but to dash back to the halls, her trouser hems streaming all over the pavement as she ran.

Tears pouring down her face, Sophie didn't stop until she was at the front door. Miraculously, Sam was just on her way out and she noticed immediately the state of her friend and neighbour.

'Oh my God, Sophie! What happened??'

Sophie had no words and bolted past her, dripping pee all over the stairwell and up to their floor. She let herself in her unlocked room door and shut herself in the bathroom.

4.

Despite the worried knocks of her friends throughout the afternoon, Sophie was reluctant and quite frankly unable to leave the toilet to answer their calls. Poppy, who had sent and received several messages from Sam, showed up later on to help her check on Sophie, whose mobile phone had remained untouched all day.

When they discovered, after trying the handle, that the door was unlocked, the two girls let themselves inside and discovered first-hand why Sophie wasn't answering.

'Are you alright in there, Soph?' Poppy called through the bathroom door.

'No! Go away!' Sophie replied, clearly distraught that after another hour had passed, she was still gushing at an alarming rate.

Behind her, Sam noticed Sophie's phone on her desk and picked it up.

'Do you want me to pass your phone through at least?' she asked, joining Poppy at the door and waiting anxiously for a reply.

After a tense few moments, Sophie responded that she wouldn't mind having something to do and told them it was okay to open the door. Sam pried the door ajar and slipped her hand through the gap, only to find that Sophie wasn't coming.

'You're going to have to bring it to me, Sam. I can't stand up or I'll get the floor all wet,' she advised glumly.

'Uhh sure, yeah okay,' said Sam and she sidled inside and handed Sophie the phone.

Standing right in front of her, Sam was unable to mask how shocked she was that Sophie hadn't stopped peeing since they'd entered the room. It was last night at the bar all over again...

'S-Sophie... Just how long have you been-'

'Okay thanks, Sam... You can leave now if you don't mind...'

Sophie had quickly grown weary of her audience and made to draw the curtains on her gratuitous display. As Sam blushed and shuffled out the door, Sophie felt her nerves jangling and wished to be left well alone, but unexpectedly that moment, her stomach began to rumble. It was well into the day and she hadn't eaten a thing since last night, so it was no surprise that the drawn-out groan was loud enough to compete even with the reverberating racket in the small bathroom.

'Actually...' Sophie muttered, 'Could someone go in my cupboard and bring me my biscuits please?'

'Of course, Sophie!'

Sam was more than happy to help and so too was Poppy, who had already darted to the cupboard and laid her hands on the packet in question.

'Are you sure these are going to be enough?' she asked.

There were only a couple of chocolate digestives left and Poppy could tell Sophie didn't expect to be finished on the toilet any time soon.

'Y-yeah those are fine...' Sophie lied, 'I won't be much longer... Just feel like a snack really.'

'Err... Right then...' said Poppy, not wanting to press her, even though she could see right through her subterfuge. 'Well... You let us know if you need anything else okay?'

'Okay...'

And they closed the door, leaving Sophie to rustle open her dinner.

As the door to her bedroom snapped shut a moment later, Sophie took a bite of a biscuit and sighed. Maybe she should have asked for a little bit more... She had her mobile now though at least and thought about sending a message to the group chat. Who was she kidding, she wasn't going anywhere for a long time... 

Umm... hey guys, actually... do you have anything else to eat?

The response from the girls was swift. Poppy wrote back the moment she saw the notification and in no time they were back. Sam brought over all the chocolates, biscuits and sweets she owned in a carrier bag and soon, Sophie was tucking in eagerly.

'Sorry for snapping at you before...' she apologised, 'It's been a crazy, crazy day. For the life of me I can't stop pissing! I feel like my body is broken...'

Poppy looked down at Sophie with sympathy in her eyes, remembering all the time they'd spent on the toilet earlier.

'Soph... you still needed to go didn't you?'

With a frown, Sophie looked up at her and nodded her head.

'Yeah...'

'Sorry, Soph... I was so over the moon, I got a bit carried away and didn't notice. I should've let you finish.'

'No, Poppy. Don't worry... I don't think I'd have been able to anyway.'

Sam was staring at both girls with eyes like cue balls.

'Erm, sorry guys, but what are you talking about?' she interjected.

'Oh, sorry, Sam. Just... big bladder things.'

Poppy laughed and even managed to raise a chuckle out of Sophie.

'Seriously though, Soph. I had no idea how much more you had in you... No one’s ever...'

Poppy trailed off and Sam stared at her curiously before she shook her head and refocused on Sophie.

'But anyway, how are you feeling now? Are you any closer to empty?'

Sophie looked at her seriously.

'No, Poppy... I don't feel like I'm even halfway...'

'You've got to be joking!' shouted Sam.

'Sam!' Poppy snapped, mindful of making Sophie feel worse.

'S-Sorry...' said Sam.

'You’re going to be alright, Soph. I'll tell you what... I've got an idea - Sam, are you okay to wait here for a bit while I pop out?'

'Um, yeah, sure,' Sam agreed, not sure what Poppy had in mind.

'Thanks! Soph, I'll be back in a sec!'

And Poppy exited the noisy bathroom, leaving Sophie alone with Sam, who managed an awkward smile in her direction before reaching for one of the chocolate biscuits.

For the twenty-odd minutes that Poppy was away, Sam continued to struggle with wrapping her head around Sophie's unending cascade. Not long after Poppy had left and feeling she'd be more comfortable outside the bathroom, she went to sit on Sophie's bed and the two carried on a slightly less awkward conversation through the open door.

Soon though, Poppy was back and Sam gratefully answered her call to come downstairs and let her in the building. When the two girls returned to her room, Sophie heard the rustle of plastic bags and the unmistakeable clink of bottles and wondered what was going on beyond the bathroom door.

'I thought you could do with some proper dinner!' Poppy shouted, before striding into the bathroom with two large paper bundles in her arms.

She'd bought fish and chips for everyone and had even stopped at the Off-license for a couple of bottles of wine.

'Take as long as you like, we've got you covered!'

Sophie looked on with tears in her eyes.

'But... but what if it takes all night?' she asked.

'Well then... Then, we'll sleep in here with you!' replied Poppy with a broad grin.

'Right, Sam?'

From the bedroom, Sam, who'd already started tucking into her own chips, gave a full-mouthed salute.

'In fact, let me send Laura a message...'

Poppy informed Laura of where they were and what they were planning to do and within half an hour she was rocking up to join her friends in Sophie's room.

As the night grew dark and the food and drink was steadily consumed, the constant drone of Sophie's pee was the one thing that didn't diminish even minutely. For all the hours they spent in her company, Sophie gushed gallons like there was no tomorrow and very soon 'tomorrow' was on the horizon.

'It's sort of mesmerising isn't it...'

Laura commented on the droning, thunderous deluge as it crashed on and on past the stroke of midnight. She wasn't the only one fighting through the yawns by now and even Sophie felt herself growing tired after so long sitting on the toilet. Thankfully, Sam brought her in her duvet and pillow to ensure that she was comfortable and all set up for the night. Sam had also gracefully offered up the duvet off her own bed, as well as a couple of blankets she always kept handy and all four girls settled in for the bizarrest of sleepovers on the bathroom floor.

A little more than an hour after midnight, Sam was the first to drop off, unbothered by the perennial roar in her ear and soon after, followed Laura who nestled innocently up against her.

Poppy, who knew a thing or two about endurance, stayed awake the longest and drowsily managed to keep Sophie company, chatting with her for hours until she fell asleep.

Remarkably, Sophie too fell asleep shortly after, still sitting upright on the toilet and still peeing with all her unconscious might. She dreamed fitfully about having to pee as if her life depended on it and searching endlessly for a toilet to fulfil her needs. When she ultimately arrived at the dream's climax and joyously opened her floodgates, she awoke to find herself doing the very same thing in the waking world... While usually this would have been a disastrous way to start the morning, Sophie was still on the toilet -so it didn't really matter, but her heart did sink at the realisation that a new day had come and her bladder still wasn't empty.

'Oh gosh...' she whispered in anguish, 'Just why can't I stop pissing?'

Her faint sobs were enough to wake Poppy, who squinted groggily up at her.

'Soph?' she said gently, placing a steadying hand on the duvet covering her knee.

Sophie shook her head, as if it wasn't obvious that she was still going. She felt utterly resigned to her fate and in that moment believed wholeheartedly that she would never stop for the rest of her life. But then, as she held Poppy's gaze, on the threshold of twenty-four hours since she'd first started peeing the day before, Sophie felt her bladder beginning to run dry and showing the first signs that it might finally be ready to throw in the towel...

'Soph!' Poppy squealed.

She'd heard the dip in intensity - the first such fluctuation in over fourteen hours of consistent bombardment.

'I know!' replied Sophie.

Her face was now lighting up and the commotion was enough to wake Laura and Sam.

'Guys!' Sophie screamed, 'I'm... I’m finished!!!'

Sam rubbed her eyes, emerging from under her blanket.

'Good, because I'm bursting! I've been dreaming about pissing all night!'

'I wonder why...' said Laura as they fell about laughing, then a moment later got up to help a very stiff and triumphant Sophie off the toilet.


5.

Although she was forever grateful to 'the best friends a girl could ever hope for', Sophie was in desperate need of a hot bath and a decent sleep in a real bed, so after they'd helped her tidy up, she said goodbye to Poppy, Sam and Laura and decided that taking a day or two off from lectures really wasn't the worst thing in the world. None of them could blame her and they all slunk off to their respective rooms to take care of similar needs.

A week later, when she felt she'd sufficiently recovered from her ordeal, Sophie set out to pay a visit to the mysterious shop from which she'd procured her strange medicine... She had some very choice words in mind for that shopkeeper, but as she made her way up the high street for the fifth time in a row that afternoon, she was left puzzled and scratching her head.

'I could have sworn it was right there...' Sophie said to herself, worried that she might appear to passers-by to have lost her marbles.

For the life of her she wasn't able to find the wooden store front with its almost illegible green writing and was forced to surmise that it had slipped back between the two neighbouring buildings and travelled off to another dimension. She wasn’t brave enough to ask anyone nearby if they'd also seen the shop, so Sophie decided to keep her mouth shut and move on as well.

As she walked back to her room, she wondered if it was even fair to be cross with the shopkeeper; she was the one who hadn't followed the instructions...

'Like an idiot...'

And she also had to admit that in spite of her initial 'teething problems', she quite enjoyed the side-effect of having had her bladder stretched to unworldly proportions. She'd come clean to Poppy about not knowing a thing about what happened that day, but ever since, Sophie had found that her bladder had become enormous in its own right and she was happy to continue to enable her friend to feel like she wasn't the only one...

That moment, a sudden gust of wind whipped up the dust and bombarded Sophie's eyes and nostrils with the detritus of spring... Bracing herself for the inevitable onslaught of sneezing and itchiness that would always follow, Sophie then discovered another surprising side-effect, when nothing came...

'Oh... my hayfever is gone!'
