Vacation

Author: Terri, March 1995

Soft music greeted us as we walked into the room, and the slightest hint of spice wafted through the air. You were so mesmerized by the vision of us, cloned a dozen times by the mirrored walls, that you forgot to close the door. It was our first vacation together and we had just arrived at our hotel; one neither of us had ever stayed in before. Against one mirrored wall was a bar laden with fruit and wine, and under it a small ice box filled with beer, soft drinks and juice. We turned towards one another and kissed as our mirror images did the same. The thrill of watching ourselves, knowing what wet fun was in store, left us breathless with excitement and we moved farther into the room, closing the door behind us.

It had been a very long trip, almost 10 hours by plane, and the ride had left us tired and thirsty. Dropping our suitcase on the floor, you made your way to the ice box and pulled out 2 cold beers. As the golden fluid quenched my dry throat, a different type of golden fluid battered my bladder with a need for release. I moved toward you, took the beer from your hand and set it down, and drew you to me for a kiss. As our lips met and our tongues danced, I passed to you a mouthful of beer I had saved, and you drank from me. My braless nipples were sharp as arrows against my blouse and I ground them into your chest. I could feel your cock erect against my leg as it strained to escape from the confines of your shorts.

I broke our kiss and brought my face to your chest. With trembling fingers I unbuttoned the first two buttons of your shirt and then, overwhelmed with desire, ripped the rest of it open, popping off the remaining buttons. A slight moan escaped you as I took your left nipple into my mouth, my tongue hard and demanding against your nub. Harder you pushed into me, and I could feel your cock probing for the warmth of my cunt. Your hands were hot on my breasts, kneading them, my nipples bursting with pleasure. I raised my arms and you pulled my blouse over my head. As you drew my nipple into your mouth I unbuttoned your shorts and carefully moved the zipper down over your cock. You have surprised me by wearing no briefs under your shorts and when your cock springs free I am assaulted by your musk and starving for your taste.

I pulled you around to the bed, you sat on the end, and I straddled your legs while your tongue bathed first one, and then the other, nipple. I positioned myself over your cock and let the first drops of piss fall from my cunt into my panties. My bladder is extended as far as it will go and I have trouble controlling my flow. Soon my panties are overflowing into my shorts and the first hot drops of piss sizzle on your cock. You gasped! Looking into my eyes you saw my desire and I grinned evilly as the arousal overtook me. Rivulets of piss drain over you, soaking into your skin, bouncing off your hard cock. You cup my cunt in your hand and the piss fills your palm. You bring your hand to my mouth and I drink greedily, the piss, pussy juice and perfume mingling into an intoxicating nectar.

I throw my head back as the last gush of piss drenches you. You peel my shorts from me and throw me to the bed, pinning my hands above my head. Savagely you penetrate me, oily piss the only lubricant, and you fuck my cunt as never before. I pull my legs higher, over your shoulders now, and feel your cock tearing into me, pounding me to orgasm. I see your face looming over me, your eyes glazed, your lips slack, as the world around you dissolves and all you know is my cunt. You jerk spasmodically, groaning loudly, eyes squeezing shut, and I feel the first spurts of your cum scalding me.

Again and again your cock contracts, ejecting wave after wave of cum. Soon you are spent and you lay down on me, kissing me, nuzzling my neck, and in a moment I feel more wet heat between my legs as you piss into my cunt. You pull out long enough to piss directly on my clit and within seconds I am writhing in the throes of a massive orgasm. You move carefully off me, and lie beside me. "Race you to the shower" I say, and off we go. The first of many, many wet experiences on our very first vacation.

