Desperate in a mini-dress (FIRST POST)

Author: Jo (1999-04-03 at 06:02) #72242

Hi – I am 19, living in the UK, and have come across this Board – so here goes! This is also in response to Nigel’s post below, and I can assure you it is totally true !

I am 5ft 6in, with long black hair and greeny-blue eyes, I’ve had admiring comments and looks at my long legs …

I do like wearing short skirts or dresses, perhaps sometimes a bit too revealing! Although I wouldn’t call myself an exhibitionist, and really I’m quite shy.

I’ve a few accidents, when I’ve ended up wetting myself, but what particularly is in my mind is what happened a few days ago when I went out drinking and dancing (in one of the local clubs) with my girl friends .

I was wearing my short red mini-dress, it just hangs over my bum, and it doesnt cover very much at all. Underneath I wore sheer flesh coloured tights, with a pair of frilly black knickers over the top of my tights. I think getting out of a taxi without giving an eyeful to those around was impossible!

In the club we danced and drank, and drank and danced .. and giggled about the guys we fancied .. and other things !

I did notice a few admiring glances, which rather turned me on! At one point my friend Anna and I went to go to the loo, but they were so absolutely filthy that we decided we would wait till later.

A little while later Anna whispered to me that she was “desperate for a piss”, but that there was no way she was going to use the disgusting toilets. I found this somehow very exciting, as I looked at Anna in her sexy black figure hugging hipster trousers, showing her bare belly beneath her short top.

“Me too” I admitted, as my desperation seemed to be growing very rapidly!

We kept on dancing and dancing .. and chatting about putting the world to rights, although I found it very difficult to concentrate. All I wanted to do was pee and pee! I looked down at my long legs and found myself feeling very turned on …. I just wanted so much to do it …

When I thought no-one was looking, I held myself between the legs, which felt wonderful!

“I’m absolutely bursting bursting .. I can’t wait ..” I told Anna

At that point my friend Anna whispered “Just do it – I’m going to do it in my pants – it happens a lot in these places”

In disbelief, I looked at Anna’s trousers between her legs – there was a growing wet patch spreading down the inside of her legs! My friend Anna was wetting herself before my very eyes!! Because her trousers were black, it wasn’t that obvious … unless you knew what you were looking for.

And these night clubs are only dimly lit!

This was just too much for me, I just couldn’t hold on one moment longer. as I started to pee, the feeling was heavenly. What a discovery!

I kept doing spurts in my pants, with trickles first down one leg, then down both legs. It felt so sexy, just letting myself go, then stopping, then doing some more, then stopping ..

“Anna, I just keep wetting myself ..”

As we walked home, we both kept wetting ourselves, till by the time we got home neither of us needed to go for a wee any more! I had very soggy pants, tights and shoes, altough my dress was untouched. We both squelched home together.

That night, on my own inbed, I had the most fantastice series of orgasms ever!!

Hope you like the story, it is completely true!

Feel free to post any comments

Jo
