The Bursting Chronicles: Bursting on Valentine's Day

Author: J.E. Hart

My boyfriend, Liam, and I had been dating for a couple of months when I finally told him about my Omorashi kink. I was concerned at first what he might think, but I shouldn't have been. He seemed pretty excited about it and told me he would be happy to indulge my pleasures with holding.

Since I had never told anyone else about my kink before, I wanted to ease into it with Liam slowly. As a sort of Valentines Day gift to me and a celebration of our first Valentines Day together, he suggested I do a hold while going out with him.

We decided together that we would plan a day out where I would slowly fill up, and once we got back home and I was desperate, we would play around with the sensation.

It just so happened that I didn't have any classes to go to on Valentines Day, and neither did he, meaning we could spend it together.

I woke up that morning feeling nervous, but also pretty excited. Liam had an apartment that he shared with two other roommates not far from my college campus, and fortunately, today both roommates happened to be out of town for a couple of days. I didn't have anything scheduled either until I made arrangements with Liam, so it was perfect.

Our plan was to go to a nearby mall in the late morning and grab some coffee, walk around for a while and do whatever we wanted, then stop at the food court and get lunch and plenty to drink. After that, we would head over to a park that I went to often. I knew that the women's bathrooms there were dirty and not well-looked after, so I wouldn't be tempted to use them, unlike at the mall.

Liam wasn't going to try holding this time, so he could use the bathroom whenever he wanted. I, however, had a self-imposed rule that once I left my dorm, there was no peeing for me until I got to Liam's apartment and we would go from there.

I put on a pair of skinny jeans, as those were the hardest for me to hold in, and a long-sleeved crop top. It offered no protection for me whatsoever, even when sitting down. I also put running shoes on so I would be comfortable with all the walking we were doing today, and I intentionally didn't take my purse with me, only my wallet and phone, as I could put the purse only lap to discreetly hold. I wanted to make it as hard for me as possible this time, not that I had any trouble getting myself into desperate situations based on my other intentional holding experiences.

Liam met me outside of my dorm building and together we walked down the street. The mall was close enough to walk to, as was Liam's apartment, so he didn't bother bringing his car.

"I peed this morning after I woke up, but I had some water after that," I told him.

"Have you had your morning coffee yet?" he asked.

"Nope, not yet. I thought I would get an extra-large coffee at the mall." I smiled impishly.

It was a warm day out that morning, so I wasn't going to get any of the feeling I got while holding when it was cold outside. Even though I had drunk water before I left, I didn't even have a tingle of needing to pee yet when we were drawing closer to our destination, which was disappointing. I shouldn't have been so concerned, though, as I ended up filling myself with so many liquids it didn't matter.

Our first stop once we reached the mall was hot, delicious coffee. Liam paid for mine and we walked around the mall sipping it and looking at the stores.

"It's my treat," he told me, slipping my arm through his.

The mall was already pretty busy, but I didn't really care. I was used to being desperate in busy places, so I wasn't concerned about being seen and getting embarrassed. I had done that before and I knew it was unlikely I would ever see any of these people again.

We admired the pink and red decorations everywhere. I was never really into Valentines Day but it was nice having someone to celebrate it with for once and I had a feeling today was going to be rather memorable for me.

I drank about half my coffee quickly despite it being piping hot for a while. I was eager to feel something in my bladder, which still felt quite empty. I hoped that by filling up with liquids and walking around for a while, I would be able to start feeling a slight pang soon.

"How are you doing?" Liam asked me.

"Nothing yet," I responded.

I took another big gulp of my coffee and had an idea.

"Hey, I know that we plan on getting lunch soon, but how about after I finish this coffee I get some tea and drink that too? There's a great little teashop in this mall where you can buy cups of tea."

"That sounds like a great idea to me. Are you sure you're up for that though? It seems like a lot to drink in such a short time and I don't want you to overdo it."

"I'll be fine," I reassured him. "I've done crazier things before. Now, come on."

I led him to the teashop I was talking about which was on the other end of the mall, away form the food court. While we walked, I finished my coffee and so did Liam.

We walked inside the shop and were greeted by the pungent scents of many different loose leaf teas. I wasn't a big tea drinker, but my roommate was and we had gone here together before.

"Hi," the cashier said, "How can I help you?"

"I would like some tea please," I told her. "My roommate recently had this one kind of tea - gen-mai cha I think it was called - and I was wanting to try a cup of it."

"Of course," the cashier smiled. "I'll get you some."

She turned around where there was a small setup for brewing tea, poured some hot water and tea leaves into a teapot and let it steep for a few minutes. Then she poured the tea into what looked like a 20 ounce paper cup, put a lid on it, and handed it to me.

"That will be two dollars."

"Thanks." I fished a couple of dollars from my wallet and Liam and I left the shop after looking around it for a few more minutes.

As we exited, I felt what I had been looking for the last hour. My bladder had a small surge of desperation, indicating I was finally filling up like I wanted to.

"I kind of have to pee," I told Liam.

"Really? How much?" Liam asked.

I could tell he was excited for me. "Not much yet, but I think once that coffee from earlier hits, I'll be pretty desperate."

I was right - after about 20 more minutes of walking around and drinking my tea, my bladder was consistently giving me signals that I should be looking for a bathroom. I ignored those signals of course, continuing to look around fun little stores with Liam.

We decided to go back around to the food court as it was nearing lunch time, and on the way back we passed a bathroom.

"I'm just going to use the bathroom really quickly," Liam told me.

"Okay, I'll wait here."

It was agony standing outside the entrance to a bathroom without going inside when I needed to pee. I shifted in place and rubbed my legs together, waiting impatiently for Liam. I had also drunk all 20 ounces of my tea by now and put my cup in a nearby garbage.

I wondered if I had made a mistake, as suddenly I didn't feel so confident in how much I already had to drink. When Liam came out of the men's bathroom and I told him my concerns, he was quick to comfort me.

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be okay. We can always go home early - or you can use the bathrooms here if you need to."

He gave me quick kiss and hugged me close, and once again I was feeling more excited than concerned.

"You're right," I replied. "This is meant to be fun. I'm sure I can hold it just fine if I sit down. It's easier for me to hold when I'm sitting anyway."

"Good, then let's get you to a seat."

We made it to the foodcourt and at this point, I was feeling rather full. It wasn't even that I was desperate, it was just that all the caffeine I had consumed made me feel like I needed to go more than I did. My bladder felt like a balloon being blown up and if I wasn't careful, I might accidentally pop it.

We sat down at a table together. I'm sure I looked uncomfortable the way I was sitting, but even the slightest amount on my pressure felt terrible. I of course ordered the largest soda I could and started drinking it the moment I sat down.

Liam was talking to me about login to the park after lunch and something about just going straight back to his apartment if I would prefer, but I was more focused on holding my pee in. The waistband of my jeans was digging in painfully and restricting how much room my bladder had.

I wished I could hold myself, but with my choice of clothes and accessories today, it would be so obvious what I was doing, and I wasn't that desperate yet.

"Zoe?"

"Hmm?" I snapped my head up to look at Liam, who had clearly asked me a question that I didn't answer because I wasn't listening.

"Oh, I was just wondering if you wanted to skip the park today."

"No, no," I shook my head, "we'll go there. The water is really beautiful this time of year. A lot of times the birds are just coming back so we can watch them..."

"Are you sure that's a good idea?"

"Watching the birds? Yeah, it's fine. They're not mean or anything. In fact, the ducks and seagulls like to eat any scraps of food you bring them. Even the geese come over sometimes, but they don't stick around people long enough to chase them."

"No, I meant for your bladder," Liam chuckled a little. "Doesn't seeing water make you have to go more?"

"Oh, definitely." I crossed my legs under the table as now my fullness was turning into desperation. "I once had to wash dishes when I had to pee crazy badly. I almost didn't make it to the bathroom."

I remembered my experience over summer break fondly for a brief moment before returning to the conversation.

"Well, if you still want to, we definitely will," Liam smiled. "I just wanted to make sure you were up for it."

"I'm up for anything," I replied.

After finishing our food, we got up to walk around the mall a bit more until I drained the rest of my soda. The problem with ordering the biggest soda was that it took a really long time to drink it all, especially when I was already struggling with holding the liquids I previously consumed.

It was harder to walk around now. I was permanently in a slightly hunched over state because straightening up stretched my bladder too much. The problem with arching down was that my waistband dug in even deeper, causing my bladder to protest by spasming.

I still had about a third of my soda left when I was forced to stop and cross my legs for a second.

Liam stopped and looked back to see why I wasn't moving.

"Did you leak?" he asked.

"Not yet," I said, shaking my head.

I was close to leaking, though, and I told him so. He offered to drink the rest of my soda for me if it was too much, and my answer to that was to drink the rest of it right there and throw it away.

"Let's go to the park," I said eagerly, adjusting my waistband so it was slightly more comfortable for the time being.

By the time we actually got out of the mall and were on track to the park, I found it extremely difficult to walk normally. My bladder was throbbing and, while my muscles were holding on well, I could feel them slowly growing weaker. It was nice to have Liam next to me. He felt like a little bit of protection from everyone who might notice how strangely I was acting.

There was a slight breeze outside when we stepped out of the mall, making it seem more like February than it had earlier. I shivered, causing my bladder to contract. It was rapidly getting fuller and also tighter against my pants, and the coldness outside was creating some issues for me.

"It's cold out," Liam noted, hugging me closer to his side.

Involuntarily I pulled away as the pressure in my bladder increased. "It's making me have to pee more," I whispered so no one else would hear me.

Upon hearing that, he smiled and pulled me against him again. This time I didn't try to break free because I was prepared, although my bladder wasn't too happy about that. We walked side-by-side, my abdomen getting squeezed, until we reached the edge of the park. There were a lot more people there than I expected.

Right away, a large dog came barreling up to us. He was fluffy and had his tongue out, getting slobber everywhere. This park was a dog-friendly park, so I shouldn't have been surprised, but I was.

He ran into me full force in his excitement, making me stagger back. Liam caught me so I didn't fall, but I panicked for a moment as, in the excitement, I began to leak into my underwear.

My bladder had been jostled around enough by the dog running into it and knocking me backwards, and now I was peeing a small-but-steady-stream.

Without even caring, I grabbed my crotch to stop it as quickly as possible. "Oh, my God/1 breathed as I was able to put an end to the stream and get my muscles back in control. "I almost pissed myself."

Liam looked down at my crotch. "Are you okay?" he asked.

I could hear a tone of playfulness in his voice, like he was about to laugh. The whole situation was pretty comical, really, and the dog was still bouncing around in front of us, waiting for us to pay attention to him. If I didn't need to pee so urgently, I would have started laughing.

"Yeah, I'm good," I said, crouching down to finally give the dog the attention he wanted.

In this position, I was able to used the heel of my shoe to push into my pee hole, making it so much easier to hold.

"Hey, boy," I said, rubbing his soft fur as he licked my hand.

Liam got down next to me and was petting the dog when a flustered woman came jogging over to us.

"I'm so sorry!" she apologized, clipping a leash to harness the dog was wearing. "I was just playing fetch with Carter and I guess he saw you two and ran over before I could catch him or call him back."

"Oh, don't worry about it," Liam smiled. "We don't mind."

"I saw him run into you," she said, directing her attention to me. "Are you all right?"

I laughed it off. "Yeah, I'm fine. I love dogs, so I'm good with it."

I remained on the ground in my heel-to-crotch position, not about to move lest I start leaking again. I was able to stay completely still like this, and I was worried that if I stood up, I would have to start dancing around.

"Come on, Carter," the woman said, and he walked over to her side. "Well, have a good day, and I'm really sorry about him almost knocking you over."

"Bye!" Liam and I said.

Liam began to laugh as soon as the woman and dog were out of hearing distance. I wanted to laugh too, but the sudden movements and lack of control wouldn't have been kind on my swollen bladder.

"Hey, you wanna sit down on one of those benches, or maybe the picnic tables? It might be more comfortable than standing or walking." He pointed to sets of picnic tables that were nearby and I nodded.

"I think that would be the best thing for me right now. The soda I drank earlier is really catching up with me, and now my underwear are completely soaked. I don't know what I'll do if I leak again."

Once my lower half was safely concealed under the picnic table, I checked the crotch of my jeans with my fingers. They weren't wet yet, but I had a feeling they would be if anymore pee escaped.

My bladder felt so full at this point, I could barely move my body at all without a surge of pain and urgency shooting through my pelvic area. I had to bounce one leg on the ground as we sat there because I couldn't leave holding all this urine to my muscles anymore. My pee hole, after that leak a few minutes ago, was feeling significantly weakened.

Liam was sitting next to me, and he placed his hand on my thigh. Since it was a little chilly out, the warmth of his hand felt nice. It also made me feel less nervous than I would have if I were attempting a hold in public like this alone.

He slowly moved it up until he had it resting over my lower belly, which was protruding from my jeans, revealing quite a significant bladder bulge. I squirmed uncomfortably as the pressure from his touch increased. He began to press down ever-so-slightly, making my pee hole tingle, warning me of an impending loss of control.

I tried to put my hand over his and pull it back to reduce some of the pressure, but it was no use. I just added more of a weight when my hand was on top of his. I bit my lower lip and bounced my legs up and down rapidly.

Suddenly, he pushed in hard. Well, not even that hard, just enough to make me squeal and shove my hand between my crotch. I could feel pee dribble out and I began waving my legs back and forth, first out and then in, clamping my hand in between my thighs.

"I just pissed a little," I confessed to Liam.

"I could tell," he whispered back, replacing his hand gently over my bladder.

I giggled, but my bladder was not as pleased as I was. The dribble had slowed into just a few drops here and there, but technically I was still leaking.

We sat there for a while, because I knew that once I stood up, I would be in bad condition. I had gotten by dribbles of urine to stop for now, but that wasn't going to last long. I could feel the pee at the very edge of my pee hole just waiting to come out. It was almost unbearable, and my frantic movements weren't doing much to help me anymore.

It felt like all the liquids I drank earlier had finally reached my bladder, as it was beyond filled up. I had never felt this much pressure in such a short amount of time before. We had only been out a few hours, but my bladder was at explosion point. I had to resort to using my hand to hold my crotch the rest of the time I was sitting at this picnic table, even though I had wanted to avoid doing that before.

My other hand that was free from holding my crotch was gripping the park bench in some desperate attempt at clenching all my muscles. I had to let go because my hand was growing tired from holding the bench so tightly.

"Are you ready to take a walk around the lake?" Liani asked me, removing his hand from my bladder bulge.

The lake. I had completely forgotten about that plan. Still, I was up for a challenge, so I mentally braced myself and nodded my head. "Let's go."

Liam had no trouble standing up, but I was in a bit of a pickle. To get out from behind the bench I either had to inch my way to the end or spread my legs apart over the seat, neither of which seemed like promising options. I couldn't move without sending pangs of urgency through my bladder at this point.

I decided I would just have to separate my legs and try to stand up super carefully. I could keep my hand pressing into my pee hole, which was really the only thing that was going to keep me from bursting right there.

As I stood up, I felt my underwear rewarm with a tiny spurt of pee. As soon as I could, I clamped my legs shut again and shuffled forward to join Liam, who was waiting by the path to the lake for me.

I was able to make my way over to the path without further leaks, and fortunately even though I was absolutely bursting to pee, I felt like I was in control as I walked. As long as I didn't stand still, I was fine.

I was loving every minute of this hold, despite being so uncomfortable. I couldn't wait to get back to Liam's apartment. This was fun, but being in public added an element of potential embarrassment that I couldn't quite shake the feeling of.

Liam took my free hand and together we walked down the path leading to the lake. The view at this part was lovely, but today I wasn't able to concentrate it.

"You were right," he said. "This is a great place."

"Yeah, it reminds me of back home, especially in the spring when it's cold and wet out," I replied.

Because of the precarious state of my bladder, I was walking super slowly. Since Liam was holding my hand, he was able to pull a little bit and make me speed up, which my bladder deemed torture and screamed at me as I spread my legs apart farther to walk.

"Hold on," I said, stopping and pulling my hand away from Liam to shove both my hands into my crotch.

I bent over and squeezed my thighs together, giving myself extra pressure to help me hold the massive volume of urine in. I continued walking after a minute since I knew people could see clearly what I was doing on this exposed path.

As the lake drew nearer, I was reminded why this was a cruel idea on my part. Usually I enjoyed seeing the water, as it was beautiful and glassy looking especially on clear, calm days like today. But now with having to pee so badly, it was awful to see a huge body of water that only reminded me of the liquid I was holding.

Hearing the birds splashing around was even worse. We stopped when we were as close to the water as we could get and just watched the ducks near the shore. I shifted around, rubbing my legs back and force and bouncing in place a little.

I was so close to leaking again, I wanted to run away from the water as fast as possible and into the nearest bathroom. I probably would have if I didn't have Liam with me and I didn't know how gross the bathrooms at this park were. Those were the only reasons I stayed in place, my hand jammed into my crotch and my entire body dancing around desperately.

"I think we should head back now," I said. "We still have to walk all the way back to your place."

Liam nodded. "That's fine with me. Do you think you can make it there?"

I honestly wasn't sure, so I shrugged: "We'll see."

We had to walk past some other people on the lake trail, so I reluctantly took my hand away from my crotch. That was my biggest defense against totally soaking myself, so as soon as those people were behind us, I returned it and pressed in hard.

I knew that by now, I couldn't hold my pee in without the use of my hand. Not using it for a few seconds almost caused me to leak, and there was nothing else I could do to help myself hold while walking.

My pee sloshed around inside, making me more desperate. Each step I took, each thud on the ground, caused my bladder to throb. It was such an intense feeling, I could barely stand it. I forced myself to keep walking, though, as the only relief I was going to get was when we made it back to Liam's apartment.

Since it was later in the afternoon now, more people were out walking. It made it harder for me because we had to navigate around people in the street and I didn't want anyone seeing me hold myself. Liam made sure I was semi-hidden on the other side of him whenever we passed by anyone, allowing me to keep my hand where it was.

I nearly lost control when we had to slow down for a big group of people walking slowly in front of us. I sighed, exasperated, as we came to practically a complete stop, barely able to take any steps at all while they were blocking the street.

My pee hole throbbed like crazy and I had to bounce up and down, one foot on top of the other, lest I start peeing myself. It was pure agony, but finally they crossed the street to the other side and we were free to move again.

It killed me to walk fast, but it was so much worse having to walk slowly. I had accepted that I wasn't going to feel comfortable doing anything at this point, and walking quickly to our final destination was the best I could do to make my bladder feel better.

"We're almost there," Liam reassured me as we waited for a light to turn so we could go through a crosswalk.

I shifted around, stepping back and forth and side to side. The light was taking forever, and as soon as it changed and the cars stopped, I nearly sprinted across the road to the other side, Liam trailing behind me.

That was when I lost another spurt, feeling my underwear grow wet again. I gasped and freaked out for a minute, using my hands to try to get the spray of urine under control. My jeans were now wet on the outside, but it wasn't visible unless I pulled my legs apart and looked for it. I only did that once and almost lost another spurt, so I closed my legs again and accepted that my predicament was getting worse.

Liam's apartment building came into view and my bladder contracted. It was as if seeing the building that promised me sweet release was too much for it, and slow stream started to fill my underwear.

"No!" I moaned, jumping up and down with my fingers pressed hard into my pee hole.

The flow stopped, but that was a warning signal that I was about to lose it all. I told Liam that we needed to hurry and he grabbed my arm, practically dragon me down the street to his building. We got inside and he helped me up the stairs, which were terrible for my fun bladder. Each step made me feel closer to peeing.

My muscles were severely weakened by the time we finally reached the door to his apartment. He unlocked it with his key while I stood there, dancing wildly and moaning. It felt like an eternity as he fumbled with the key. Finally, the door was open and I hobbled in, making a beeline to the bathroom.

"Where are you going?" he asked.

"To the toilet," I called back. "I'm about to pee myself!"

"Wait, don't go yet. Remember?"

Ignoring the protests from my bladder for a moment, I stopped walking. I had said I wanted to prolong the experience once we got back to his apartment, and thinking about it now, I still wanted to.

"Why don't you get some towels and put them on your bed," I suggested. "I'm not going to last much longer in this state."

Now that my plan for relief was thwarted, it was ten times harder to hold on. I could barely walk into the bedroom, but I eventually made it there and positioned myself so that I would be on top of the many towels Liam had laid down. I certainly didn't want to soak his bed with pee.

Liam climbed onto the bed next to me and slowly undid my jeans. I wasn't able to hold myself anymore with his hands in the way, and instantly my jeans for flooded with a burst of warmth.

I was breathing heavily, as the lessening of pressure was immense once Liam had my jeans off. I was left with my damp thong, which had been very unhelpful in keeping my jeans dry and were absolutely worthless now.

Another jet of pee escaped and I moaned loudly. "I can't keep holding any longer," I breathed.

"Just try for a few more minutes," Liam encouraged me softly.

With my hands free, I pulled off my droptop, revealing the black lacy bralette that matched my thong. Liam placed his hand over my lower belly as he had done in the park, but this time I was lying down and it felt even more intense.

I gasped as I spurted more pee out, which made a small wet patch on the towel beneath me. My legs were trembling at this point. I was literally going to explode pee any second and I was using every ounce of strength I had to hold the flood back.

I was too focused on not wetting to talk or do anything anymore, so I let Liam take over, he pulled my thong down, letting it fall to the floor and leaving me exposed. My pussy, which I hadn't paid much attention to thus far, was throbbing and in need of attention. Liam inserted his finger into me, sending jolts of pleasure through my body. I had never tried touching myself on a full bladder before, and the sensations were even better than I could have expected.

"You're so wet," he whispered to me, keeping one hand on top of my bladder while he fingered me. "Do you always get this turned on when you need to pee?"

I nodded, keeping my head back and my eyes squeezed shut. My whole body tensed up as I lost another spurt of pee, getting Liam's hand wet.

He used his fingers to push into my bladder inside, which made squirm as I frantically tried not to leak again so quickly after the last one. Feeling pressure from both sides was almost unbearable as I held my pee in. I need to release some, and I needed to do it now.

I allowed myself a few seconds-worth of peeing, which turned into a steady stream in that time. I sighed and a few seconds turned into several seconds. There was no way I was stopping it now.

Liam realized what was happening and used his finger to block my pee hole, instantly putting a stop to my flow of urine. I whimpered as waves of desperation coursed through my bladder. The only way I wasn't full-on peeing was with the aid of Liam, so I let him keep pressing on my pee hole for me.

He began to massage my clit which was swollen and pulsing. I gripped the bedsheets with one of my hand and ground into his fingers. I didn't have to worry about holding at the moment because of the amount of force he used to hold my pee back, so I let the pressure build and the feeling of desperation flow through my bladder.

"I'm close," I whispered hoarsely, and he his rubbing down to give me a moment to collect myself again.

I wanted to keep grinding to an orgasm, but I knew that prolonging it would make it that much more amazing, so I stopped moving and let my heart rate slow just a bit. My pee was threatening to break past Liam's finger now that I wasn't moving anymore, so I begged him to continue.

He gently lifted his finger just a bit and my pee immediately sprayed out. I was so full, I couldn't hold anymore and I couldn't physically keep my pee in at all. I tried to stop it by shifting around wildly, finally using the last bit of strength I had left to hold back the urine. I had seconds at most, so I told Liam to make me come as I was peeing.

He rubbed some of my pussy juices on my clit to make it slick and started to flick his fingers over it again, using his other hand which was now free to finger me. Almost immediately I was sent into one of the strongest organs of my life. I rocked my hips as Liam continued to rub my clit, letting me ride the waves of pleasure for as long as possible.

I began to pee a full stream, losing control when I came. It spread into the towel underneath my ass, its warmth enveloping me. I kept peeing until I was finally empty, lying there as my legs still shook from the last couple of minutes. I was gasping for breath, my heart pounding wildly. Even though I had just finishes, I wanted so much more.

"We have to do this again," I panted to Liam, who lay next to me and held me close.

"I would love to," he said, stroking my hair back behind my ear. "Happy Valentine's Day, Zoe."

With Liam now roped into my Omorashi play, we had several more experiences together, trying new things every time. Of course, those are all stories for another day.
