Chapter #04

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 08:46)

As I said earlier, I didn't learn about Golden Showers or discover the joy of wet levis, until I was seventeen. It was during my last year of high school as my sexuality was still a blossoming thing. Oh. I had had a few (brief) boyfriend things. I had given a number of hand jobs, while allowing the requisite french kissing, breast fondling and occasional gropes into my nether regions. I had even gagged a couple of times trying to learned the fine art of the blow job with a boy that I was 'sure' that I was in love with…and he swore that he loved me! And, of course, there was that lesbian fling I'd had at fifteen. She was the only one who shared my 'wet dreams' with, but that was over by the time I was sixteen and a half. 

When I started seeing boys too, it was too much for her. She stayed strictly within the lez clique and they shunned Bis like me. So, no one knew I was bi and no one knew I loved to pee for fun. The boys were all testosterone-crazed grab-oids. My senior year was turning out to be boring and lonely. I had even stopped peeking at the little boys going to the bathroom, while I was babysitting, for fear that I was becoming a child molester! Most of the girls I felt close enough to call friends were dating. The only other one who did not date was too brainy for the boys. They felt threatened by her and called her a geek. She and I ended up together, by default, in many social situations. It wasn't too bad. I liked her brains and daring. She liked my looks (I sometimes attracted boys). And she liked the fact that I had decided not to allow the boys to paw and use me.

Still, I was slipping into a mild depression. My friend, I'll call her Vanessa, was getting worried about me. She set out to find me a cure. She decided that we were too mature for our peers. So she arranged, through her older brother who attended university at Lethbridge, to get us invited to a party with friends of his at a local J.C.

Turned out that the crowd was mostly musicians and artists. The party was at a large flat in Victoria, sort of a downtown loft near the docks. Everyone was in pairs except Vanessa and me, and this one tall, good looking fellow who seemed to be alone. Vanessa spotted him as a loner almost immediately. I guess those types have a special radar for their own kind. Normally she would have walked right up and said, “hello.” But, for some reason she stayed with me. What's more, he stayed off, as well.

Well, as happens when you drink, I had need to find the loo. Vanessa went along and we got directions. You actually had to exit the flat through the kitchen and round the corner of the structure on a 3rd floor balcony/patio to get to the facility. It was a large room with an old fashioned (footed) tub and a single toilet, chain-pull, no less! Vanessa sat down first and began to pee. I tried not to let her see how much this effected me. She took a long time and chatted with me as she did her thing. As she was reaching for paper she looked past me and started. I spun around expecting to see someone in there with us. The room was empty. I turned back and Vanessa was red in the face as she wiped and pulled her pants back into place. I asked what she saw. She said she thought she had seen a guy watching her from the balcony. I looked back again and noticed for the first time that the upper panel on the door to the loo was clear glass. 

I hadn't noticed before because of the dark night sky. Now I was afraid to pee. Vanessa said she'd check to see if he were still there. She opened the door and nearly jumped out of her skin! He was still there, but just out of sight. He immediately apologized, explaining that he, too, had gotten directions to the loo. He had not realized that the panel was clear until he approached and saw Vanessa on the pot. By now I was standing at her shoulder and could see that it was the tall guy she had confronted. 

He was blushing something terribly and still sputtering apologies. She asked just exactly how much he had seen and just how long he'd been peeping. He said that there was very little to see. She had been sitting down and I was blocking much of the view. She was getting a head of steam up and mentioned the word pervert when I interceded. I had to do something to save this guy. I felt it had been an honest accident. When things were calmed down I tried to get Vanessa to apologize for her outburst. Her words caught both he and me by surprise. “Next time you want to watch a lady pee, don't hide in the shadows, just walk right in and ask her to spread her legs”.

Then he surprised us! He asked, “had I done that, would you have complied, or would you have screamed 'pervert'?” She just stood there staring up at him. I giggled (you know why). Finally she said, “it would depend who was asking and how nicely.” My bottom was tingling suddenly…hoping something was about to happen here. But he merely apologized again and said that he'd return to the kitchen and wait until we were finished with the loo. We could let him know it was available when we came back in. Disappointed, but hiding the fact, I went over to the toilet and did my business.

It was Vanessa that surprised me, when we went back into the flat. She told him that the loo was available. As he went out and I started back toward the party, she grabbed my sleeve. She had a devilish look as she pulled me back toward the back door. She paused a moment to hear the loo door shut, then went out with me in tow. We moved up to within a foot of the loo door and she got down on all fours and crawled under the glass panel. Then she stood with her back to the wall on the other side. She peeked quickly in, then gave me the shush sign and pointed in. I glanced in and saw tall guy standing at the toilet.

He was in full flow and I was immediately flushed with excitement. He was concentrating on what he was doing (guys have to control their aim) and unaware that we were watching. Vanessa brazenly walked back to my side of the door and pulled me away. I leaned back to see more and she pulled me away again. When I tried to move back she held me. She whispered, “you want him to see you?” I said no, I just liked watching him. She then said, “and I called 'him' a pervert!” I put on my best sheepish expression as she led us back into the party. She whispered again, “he does have a fine big willie, doesn't he?” Fact is I had not paid that much attention to his equipment. But thinking back, it was larger than most I'd seen. I guess I must have blushed. Vanessa giggled.

This episode is not over, by far, but I must end it here…only for a bit.

Back later. 
