Desperate in a Grocery Store

Author: J.E. Hart

I was already regretting my decision to stop off at the grocery store. It was a big mistake.

My bladder was throbbing and I could barely force myself to stand still in the crowded store aisles as I pursued the shelves for everything I needed.

I thought it was a great idea to do a quick grocery shopping session after I got off work today. It would save time over the weekend and I didn’t even need that much. I thought I could get home in time for dinner.

My first problem was not taking a bathroom break during lunch earlier. I didn’t really have to pee at the time and I thought I would get another chance later in the day. But I got swamped with calls the second half of the day and found myself racing the clock for a chance to use the restrooms before they were closed up.

Then a coworker stopped me to double-check something and I lost any chance I had to use the toilet before I left work.

No problem, I thought. I still wasn’t super desperate; I could hold it until I got home. My commute wasn’t long anyway and I could always stop at a gas station or something if it became an emergency.

Since I still had time at that point to go shopping quickly, I pulled into my favorite grocery store’s parking lot. My eyes nearly popped out of their sockets when I saw the sheer number of cars already there. It seemed that everyone else had the same idea as I did.

I really should have turned my car around and headed home once I realized that shopping was going to be a nightmare.

Instead, I drove around the parking lot for a minute just to find a place to park, and while I did that, I noticed the tingle and slight pressure in my bladder. Still shouldn’t have been an issue. I’d gone entire road trips without taking a break to pee before.

What I forgot was that I had some coffee at work right before I left. It hadn’t hit my bladder yet at the time I got to the store. I didn’t even stop to think once that a cup of coffee could do me in so badly.

It was a string of terrible decisions that landed me here, in the middle of an aisle with my legs crossed and a panic beginning to sweep over me.

When the first wave of pure desperation hit me, I was near the back of the store where the bathrooms were located. I told myself it was fine, I would stop to use them in just a minute - as soon as I picked out the cut of meat I wanted.

Then I noticed out of the corner of my eye that someone had gone into the women’s restroom. The problem was, they weren’t a customer. They had a big cart and a ‘closed for cleaning’ sign with them.

They were cleaning the bathroom and I'd just missed my last window of opportunity.

I silently cursed at myself while my bladder throbbed: Damn you, Karissa!

I bent my knees and straightened them a few times before heading off in a different direction. I wasn’t about to wait by the bathrooms for them to open up again. I would probably be out of the store and on my way home by the time they did anyway.

The issue with that was the store was packed and everything was taking an extra-long time. Even just walked down an aisle took forever. I had to squeeze past people several times which was pure torture for my quickly-filling bladder.

That coffee hit hard. I grabbed the box of pasta that I needed and scurried out of the aisle I was currently in as quickly as I could manage in hopes of finding an emptier one next. No such luck, as the next one I needed to go down was even more packed than the last.

I had to pause while reaching up to the highest shelf for a box of cereal because of how my bladder got stretched. Immediately I realized I’d made a terrible mistake as I bent over and crossed my legs, silently telling myself not to leak.

As quickly as I could, I straightened up again and looked at the people around me. Had they noticed? My cheeks turned pink and suddenly I felt very hot. I tried tapping my foot on the ground while I scanned the shelves for the next few things I needed.

It helped a little, but pretty soon it became clear that I would have to keep moving if I didn’t want to start peeing. My mind was strong enough, but my bladder muscles were getting weaker and more tired than they had ever been before.

The strain on my bladder grew painful as I hurried through the rest of the store. I tried to press my hand gently into the bulge that protruded around the waistband of my trousers, but that sent a wave of desperation coursing through me.

I pressed my thighs and knees together as a rush of liquid pounded at my urethra begging to be released. I wanted to let a leak out. Just a little one. It would feel so good. But I knew that if I let that one spurt of pee go by relaxing my muscles, there would be no stopping it.

I stepped in place while I grabbed the last few things I needed and darted off in the direction of the checkout lines. All I had to do now was pay for my stuff and I'd be out of here.

Then I saw the lines and almost started to cry.

There was an unbelievable number of people waiting to check out. Each register was packed full and some of the lines even stretched into the aisles several feet back. With my bladder in the condition it was, there was no way I could stand still in line for however long it ended up taking to check out.

But I’d already had spent so much time shopping. With a sigh, I looked down at my basket full of things I needed and would have to get a couple of days later if I put them back now.

I furrowed my brow and swayed back and forth anxiously, debating what to do. It was hard to think clearly with my bladder aching. I took another deep breath, which sent tingles of desperation through my pelvic region, and shook my head subtly.

No. I'm getting through here. Гт not going to let myself get this far only to turn around and walk back.

That would be stupid, wouldn’t it? Wasting so much time just to have to run home and still risk having an accident? I wasn’t sure my string of thoughts made much sense, but I didn’t really care anymore. I had made up my mind.

I craned my neck to see if I could find the shortest line, but every single one looked pretty long to me. As I hurriedly brushed past people to cement my spot in a queue, I had a brief idea to run back and check the bathrooms again. I would feel so much better if I could just empty the ton of pee I was holding in.

But my line was moving fast and I didn’t want to lose this spot if the women’s bathrooms still weren’t open. I didn’t think I could handle that.

I was determined to suck it up and hold at least until I made it out of the store and somewhere that didn’t have so many people around me.

I glanced down at my basket again and looked at the items as I subtly crossed my ankles. I hadn’t brought a shopping list, but I had a mental one in my head.

Eggs, cereal, milk...

Milk!

My heart plummeted. I had totally forgotten to grab a carton of milk when I was back by the dairy section. I’d even remembered cereal even though I still had some left at home.

I closed my eyes for a second to help myself concentrate. It was okay that I forgot the milk. I would just stop anywhere tomorrow on my way home and pick up some. It wasn’t the end of the world.

“Excuse me,” someone said behind me.

My eyelids flew open and I jerked my head around. The person who was next in line had an exasperated look on their face. “Are you going to move up in line?” she asked.

I turned back around and saw that the person in front of me was now several feet away. “Oh, of course,” I said hastily. “Sorry!”

I shuffled up to where I needed to be, that one loss of focus on my bladder sending a little drop right to my pee hole. It was ready to come out any second, and I had to stand perfectly still in this god-awful queue, sandwiched between two strangers who knew nothing about my predicament.

Everything seemed to be going wrong for me today.

That damn coffee had hit my bladder like a ton of bricks. It even felt like I was carrying around a brick in my abdomen. I tried as nonchalantly as I could to stamp my feet up and down, barely lifting them off the floor.

I was almost to the checkout. If I could just wait a minute longer...

And then it happened: the first leak.

I gasped aloud and darted my gaze down to the crotch of my pants, looking over my bladder bulge. There was a small patch of fabric that was shiny from wetness. I pressed my legs together as quickly as I could, but the damage had been done.

Pee pressed against my pee hole, frantically trying to find its way out of my overcrowded bladder. I was fighting a losing battle. At least I was wearing black pants today, which hid the wet spot a little.

With my breath coming in short puffs as I tried to hold on and my heart pounding, I came up with an idea. What if I let another tiny leak out? The darkness of my pants would surely hide it and I could free up a little room in my bladder again, because there was certainly more coffee to fill its place.

Since I was standing, waiting to move forward again, I let a trickle escape me. I kept my muscles clenched so it didn’t turn into a full-force stream, but that proved not to be enough.

I quickly realized that this intentional leak was becoming a huge issue. Warm, wet pee trickled down my leg and into my shoe. I had to do something about this now.

I had one free hand that wasn’t holding onto the handle of the basket, so I placed it over my pants and cupped my pussy, using my fingers to block my pee hole as best I could. No one could see me unless they turned around to look, but even then my face was burning up in embarrassment.

If anyone looked closely, they would see the wet spot and they would see the glistening fabric as hot little jets spurted out past my fingertips.

I had to move. I had to do something. I was at the end of my rope.

Just as I thought I couldn’t stand it a second longer, I got to put my basket up on the conveyer belt and walk forward to the cashier.

I forced myself to remove my hand; the only real defense I had left. My muscles were severely weakened and couldn’t be trusted to hold back the flood on their own anymore.

“How’s your day?” the cashier asked me, offering a tired smile.

“Good,” I lied, “how about yours?”

“Oh, y’know. The end of my shift is coming up, which is nice.”

I nodded and smiled at him. I hoped it didn’t seem like I was being rude. I really wasn’t trying to be, but I had to use all my strength to keep myself from having an accident in the middle of a busy store like a silly little girl.

I rubbed my thighs together while I waited for the cashier to finish ringing up all my items. I was still disappointed about the milk, but I wasn’t about to run back and get it or go through the checkout again. I was moments away from peeing myself and I needed tog et out of here.

My bladder was screaming for release. I was standing a little hunched over now because I knew if I tried to stand straight, I would leak again, this time unintentionally. I learned my lesson about that the first time.

“Debit or credit?”

“Hmm?”

“Are you paying with a debit or credit card today?”

I had been so preoccupied, I forgot to get my card out of my purse and have it ready. “Oh, uh, debit.”

I set my purse on the ledge and shuffled through it to find my debit card. Where was it? I heard a sigh come from the lady behind me and my cheeks flushed even rosier than they were, which I didn’t think was possible.

“Sorry,” I said, “it’s been a long day.”

The cashier shook his head. “No worries.”

I found my card, jammed it into the card reader, and waited impatiently for it to be done. After what seemed like an eternity, it beeped and I took my card and dropped it back into my purse, all the while feeling a steady trickle leaking out of my throbbing pee hole.

“Thanks” I said, grabbing my bags and practically running away.

My time was running out. I had broken into a sweat while I was standing checking out because of how hard I was physically and mentally working to hold my bladder.

Now that I was free - or almost free - I held myself openly. I knew that if I didn’t do it, I would leave a trail of urine behind me and I would rather look crazy desperate than have evidence of it left behind for even more people to see.

A few people in the store shot me confused or surprised glances as I rushed past them. I hoped they could see how red in the face I was so they would stop staring. It was bad enough to know they were looking, but to actually meet their eyes was even worse.

I made it out into the parking lot and went into a mad dash to find my car. Pee was leaking out of my pants now and making little wet drips onto the concrete at this point. I was going to wet myself, but if I could at least get behind my car or something, it wouldn’t be as bad as it could.

As soon as I spotted my car, I shuffled toward it with my hand buried in between my thighs.

The pee leaking out spurted past my fingers and trickled down my now-soaking wet inner thighs. Some went into my shoes and some went onto the ground.

I unlocked my car, threw my bags in, and slammed the door shut, leaning my back against it and sinking down to the ground.

The hot spurts of pee pulsed out of me as I lost control. I relaxed all my tense muscles, closed my eyes, and let the urine flow out of me, enjoying the warmth and the slow relief.

I had a little trouble at first and the stream kept starting and then stopping. With a little moan, I pressed on my bladder bulge and squeezed my pelvic muscles in an attempt to get a good, strong stream going.

It worked.

Pee hissed out of my and onto the warm parking lot ground, pooling around my legs and ass. It cooled off quickly, but the coldness was replaced with fresh, warm pee straight from my bladder.

I sighed loudly and arched my back to aide in the flow. It felt better than I imagined it would when I was still frantically running through the store.

Once the last little bit trickled out and I felt like a new woman, I stood up, shook my trousers off as best I could, and went to the back to get a towel or blanket or something out to put on my seat for the drive home.

I may not have made it to a toilet, but the relief was just as good - possibly even better. I guess sometimes big girls have accidents too.

I decided right then that one of these days I would stop off at the store after work for more grocery shopping. This time, though, I would make sure to drink two cups of coffee before I left.

