Accidents: A How-To Manual (part 3)

Author: Accidental Tourist (1996'05)

The following is a continuing true account of my attempts to have deliberate bathroom accidents. I know that a deliberate accident is an oxymoron; nevertheless I have had some limited success in achieving this. If descriptions of peeing in one's pants bother you, or if you are a minor, please stop reading this now.

Chapter 3: Somewhere in Iowa

I was feeling pretty good as I got back on the interstate. I had actually had a real bathroom accident, something I couldn't ever remember having had. I know I had accidents as a child, but I couldn't really remember them at all. When I was about 4 years old I would wet my pants outside because I didn't feel like coming in to the house to use the bathroom, but even those weren't really accidents, except in the sense that a 4 year old doesn't have much sense of purpose when it comes to bladder control.

Anyway, I knew I had really emptied my bladder, and probably would be able to drive all the way to Omaha if I wanted. But I had no need to pee my pants anymore, having completed my experiment successfully.

And then I hit traffic. The interstate was completely shut down (as it turned out) for construction ahead; I could see a line of cars at least 2 1/2 miles long in front of me. I wasn't worried, because I had just peed. But little did I know that traffic would be completely stopped for the next 45 minutes.

I saw people get out of their cars to stretch and talk. I saw a rather desperate woman driving a station wagon with desperate looking kids inside pull a U-turn across the median strip. Finally traffic began to slowly move, and, surprisingly, I had to pee again! 

For the next twenty minutes we inched along, no exit in sight and my need to pee increasing rapidly to what I began to realize was actually a dangerous level. I began to feel the same "floating" sensation in my groin that I had noticed earlier, almost a lessening of the pain but a feeling that I was simply going to leak.

Ahead of me, someone in a 4X4 pickup got impatient (or perhaps just couldn't wait) and drove off the highway up a dirt access road for dump trucks. Without a moment's hesitation, and though my car isn't well suited for off-road driving, I followed him. I was not in the mood for another accident.

But although I made it up the dirt road, I didn't even have time to pull to the side of the road before I began to piss my pants. I stopped the car right there, and climbed out as fast as I could, but not before my shorts were soaked in pee and I had made a huge wet puddle on my unprotected car seat! I stepped away from the car but was unable to walk another step as piss flowed uncontrollably out of me, cascading through my underwear and shorts and down my legs. This was a real accident, more real than the previous deliberate real accident. I had stopped peeing, but my shorts and underwear were drenched, front and back. I looked at the wet car seat with dismay; how was I going to be able to explain this?

And then I looked up, and realized that there was a woman on a tractor looking at me! I was standing in the middle of the road, having just wet my pants right in front of her.

She asked if there was anything she could do to help me, and I told her that I guessed not, I was just going to get myself cleaned up and change my wet clothes. I did ask her how to get back to the interstate.

After she drove away, I changed into my last remaining dry pair of shorts. I put my other three dry towels down on the wet car seat, loaded my sopping shorts and underwear into the trash bag, and drove off.

I found a laundromat on my way through the Omaha suburb where my friend lives, and washed my pissy clothes and towels. The following day, the car seat was more or less dry, but you can still smell a faint scent of urine in the car. Oh, well, it isn't a very nice car anyway, but it was sobering to experience a real bathroom accident, one which not only resulted in some permanent damage, but was witnessed by a total stranger; an accident which was not only unavoidable but unintentional as well. 
