THE MARGARETS MIGHT OR MIGHT NOT MAKE IT

Author: William Abbott

Fiction. Only fiction. Maggie and Meg are not real people, though my physical descriptions of them are based on a couple of coworkers I shared an office with many years ago.

Ah, the joys of imagination...

Everybody calls them the Margarets. Their names are Maggie and Meg and their best friends. Maggie does accounts payable in our office and Meg is accounts receivable, so its natural to think of them together. Between them, they’ve cornered the market on cute. Meg is pretty enough in the winter months, but in summer, when she often goes around in a tank top, she’s nothing short of breathtaking. Her breasts are large and round and firm and her bra holds them up to make a cleavage you could lose yourself in—a valley that could engulf your whole face, or take your penis and surround it like a second vagina. Maggie is tall and lanky. She’s a little too skinny for my usual taste, but with a friendly smile and vivacious energy.

The whole office is at a weeklong management seminar on the Cape. With an afternoon off, they’ve gone to the beach, riding out in two carloads; Meg and Maggie are using in a rental car that they just picked up that day, and everyone else is in the company van. The van served as a changing room, and all the clothes and shoes were stowed there. When they all left to go back to the hotel, the folks in the van didn’t realize they still had the Margarets’ clothes with them. Meg has a little belt pouch with the car keys and a key card to their hotel room, but they’re driving back in nothing but their bathing suits.

Maggie is in a bikini—a bright turquoise color, skimpy but not outlandish. Acres of exposed skin. The bottom is low-cut across the front—a quarter inch lower and it would start to show wisps of pubic hair—and it rides high over the hips, showing some good buttock. Meg wore a one-piece suit, scarlet, with a scoop neck that’s as low-cut as her tank tops to show the deep, hypnotic cleavage between her generous breasts. She’s tanned to a rich amber, as far down as you can see. And you can see a long way down...

The drive back to the hotel should take about a half-hour. They buy large sodas at a drive-through (feeling dehydrated after a day in the sun) and as they sit with the car idling waiting for their order, they talk about the fact that they could each use a bathroom, but without shirts or shoes they won’t be allowed inside to use the ladies’ room.

Still, it’s only half an hour. They pull onto the highway, but they’re almost to their exit when the cars in front of them slow to a stop. For over an hour they sit in traffic, waiting to get past the scene of a flatbed tractor-trailer that has spilled its cargo. And by now they desperately need to pee.

If cars weren’t moving at all, it would be really tempting to get out and look for bushes to go behind. Like over there, that one might do... almost. Or that one? Maggie even fantasizes about concealing herself in the open wedge of the car door, facing away from traffic—not normally something she’d want to do, but she super-sized that soda. But the traffic is stop-creep-stop, so they stay in the car, and stay in the car, and stay in the car some more, hoping that traffic will begin to move again.

Meg is in the driver seat, biting her lip and keeping her legs pressed tightly together, gripping herself through the suit, while next to her, Maggie has her legs crossed at the knee and again at the ankle and is bouncing up and down. They talk about nothing else but how badly they both need to pee and how they hope they can make it back to the hotel in time. Meg is scissoring her knees now, and beginning to wonder, were they to pull over, could she pull the crotch of her suit far enough to one side to pee without stripping down stark naked? Or should she just pee through it and hope it doesn’t show? Maggie is growing frantic, afraid she’ll pee all over the car seat, and she’s about to plead with Meg to pull over. But just then they reach the site of the spill and pass through the bottleneck and traffic is flowing again.

Five minutes later they reach their exit, but now it’s another fifteen minutes of city traffic before they reach the hotel. Maggie has her left hand balled into a fist and is using her right to press it into her crotch. She’s bouncing up and down in the seat. A cute guy in a car in the next lane smiles across at her, and she laughs, embarrassed. Can he tell she has to go? But she can’t stop wriggling. Sitting at a red light, Meg asks Maggie to hand her one of the towels. She takes it and rolls it into a tube and wedges it underneath her bottom, straddling it and wriggling so that it presses into her vulva. “In case I leak,” she says. Then she goes back to doing that thing with her knees, spreading her legs and then pressing them together again. Maggie looks across at the cute guy again, stopped next to them. This time he’s the one embarrassed, because she caught him craning his neck to see into their car. Maggie smiles back at him and shrugs, a pained smile on her face.

They start to move again, and Maggie unfastens her seatbelt to spread her own towel over the seat. When she buckles up, she threads the belt is behind her and leaves just the shoulder strap in front. Then she slips her hand inside her bikini bottom to press directly, her fingers digging into the moist slit of her labia. She is writhing in the seat, and when they slow to a stop again on a street crowded with taxis and pedestrians, she lets out a squeal of frustration. Meg’s knees are knocking with a steady rhythm and her teeth are clenched.

They reach the hotel at last. Pulling up to the parking garage, they talk about peeing on the pavement as soon as they get out of the car. “I don’t know if I can make it up to the room,” Maggie says. Meg tells her, “I’ll try to find a spot where nobody’s around.” She is planning to pee in her suit as soon as she stands up, right by the car. Never mind if the suit will pull to the side; it’s nylon and probably won’t show very much, and no one will notice before they get back to their room. Maggie is going to wriggle herself down into the space between two cars or between the car and a wall, hidden so she can squat down bare-assed and let go the swollen flood within her.

Meg remembers seeing the entrance to the parking garage, but she hadn’t realized—not until now—that it’s valet parking. Car keys are surrendered for a claim ticket, the car is gone, and Meg and Maggie are left standing in full view, in the bright sun on the curb by the entrance to the lobby, feeling half-naked in their bathing suits and close to losing control.

Maggie has her towel wrapped around her waist, but the bikini top still shows lots and lots of bare belly and shoulders and back, and though her breasts are small, the little triangles of blue spandex are smaller still and nothing is left to the imagination. Meg unrolls her towel to wrap it around her own waist, and there is a dark wet spot on the terrycloth that repeats at regular intervals where it had been rolled in tight layers. They both laugh to see it, but Meg is also blushing almost as red as her suit. She wraps it around her waist anyway, though there’s barely an inch of overlap to tuck in.

They run inside, giggling together at their graceless dance in the confines of a single wedge of the revolving door. Their bodies bump and collide and their four feet, without room to run, make a comical quick-time march. As they come bursting out into the lobby, the cold blast of air conditioning hits them. Four nipples harden, poking out erect under spandex that might as well be body paint, and bladders already stretched almost past endurance squeeze even tighter. No squirming now; they run. Meg bounces as she runs, and someone watching might imagine her bouncing right out of her suit, the low scoop neck of red spandex sliding down off of one nipple and catching there, then working its way even lower on the next bounce until the great swell of one breast spills completely out and the other one is half exposed and ready to join its sister.

This does not happen, though. Meg runs with a hobbled, mincing gate to minimize bounce, not so much to ease the strain on her breasts as on her bladder. One hand clutches the towel, barely keeping it from sliding off. Maggie, beside her, hops and scampers, almost dancing. There is a ladies’ room all the way on the far side of the lobby past thee fountains (fountains!) or at least the sign says there should be. Somewhere. But the bank of elevators is right here, with one standing open and empty and inviting. By unspoken agreement they dash into it.

This is one of those hotels with a cavernous atrium extending up the whole seven stories of the building. The rooms open onto balconies overlooking the fountains and potted palms below. The elevator cars are triangular; one side is taken up by the gleaming brass doors and the other two are glass, offering a panoramic view of the atrium.

Meg’s towel slips off of her waist as she reaches the elevator. She’s still covered by the suit, but the slipping off of the towel draws the eye to her bottom, and it’s definitely a touchable, kissable, rub-up-againstable bottom. She bends over to pick up the towel as Maggie rushes in beside her, bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet. Though she’s much smaller than Meg, it is Maggie who’s beginning to fall out of her suit as she jiggles. Her bikini top has slid up almost to the nipples. Meg hits the “5” button and the doors start to close.

Does someone else catch the doors before they fully shut, slipping in beside the Margarets and pressing a button for an intermediate floor? No. That would just be too cruel. And besides, if they’re alone, the can squirm and wriggle and twist and hop freely. Never mind that anyone on a balcony could see them perfectly through the glass walls.

Maggie squirms a lot. She crosses her legs and wriggles, and then hops sideways and crosses her legs again. She loosens the towel around her waist (trying without success to catch it before it falls to the floor) and grips herself, even reaching inside her bikini to hold back her pee. Curls of pubic hair peek out if you look closely. Meg points to her top and tells her “You’re falling out,” and Maggie laughs, her face scrunched up with embarrassment. She readjusts her breasts, legs crossed again. She’s a spectacle to anyone on the second floor balcony—now the third floor, now the fourth—but if she notices this, she’s beyond caring. She hops again, both feet off the ground for a moment, and she lets loose a high, keening whine and says something like, “Oh oh oh oh ohhhhhhhh! I can’t hold it! I’m gonna pee all over the floor!”

But she doesn’t. Not quite yet.

Meg, all this while, stands almost perfectly still with her legs pressed together. She rolls up her towel again and wedges it between her thighs. Then she cups her crotch with both hands, rocking back and forth on the balls of her feet and muttering, “Please, please...come on, come on, come on! Oh God, faster! Come on! Please, please...” Her crotch feels very warm. She clamps her thighs tighter around the bundle of towel and clenches her jaw.

“Can I go first when we get there?” Maggie asks.

Meg looks at her, horror stricken. She lets go a whimper that says more clearly than words, Are you kidding?

Maggie elaborates, “I don’t know if I’ll even make it inside. I have to piss ... SO ... BAD!!!” She’s pacing now, marching the width of the elevator back and forth. She has taken a fistful of her bikini bottom, twisting the cloth to make it dig into her vulva. Unruly pubic hair spills out on either side.

“You can have the toilet, I’ll go in the tub,” says Meg. Maggie pictures this, and again her face scrunches up with embarrassment. She raises a hand to cover a nervous laugh.

The elevator begins to slow for the fifth floor. Meg unrolls the towel to wrap it around her waist like a skirt again, dancing from one foot to the other, and Maggie bends over (nearly naked buttocks close up against the glass) to pick up her own towel.

The doors open and they bolt from the elevator, sprinting down the length of the balcony. Their own room is around a corner, on a short cul-de-sac at the very end of the balcony. They round the corner and Meg frantically unzips her little pouch looking for the key card. The lobby is still a wide-open expanse behind them, but they are far enough back from the railing to be a little bit hidden.

Maggie is standing right behind Meg, looking over her shoulder, close enough that her hair and her breasts brush against Meg’s back as she jumps up and down. Maggie has hooked her thumbs under the elastic and is already sliding her bikini bottom down off her hips, but Meg drops her pouch. She crouches down to pick it up and Maggie realizes she’s flashing her bare bottom while still out in the hall. She pulls the suit up again and pleads, “Hurry!!”

“I am!” Meg says, exasperated. She finds the card, pulls it loose from the pouch. “Oh God,” she moans, “I’m peeing!” With one hand, Meg presses the towel against her crotch, feeling an unmistakable surge of warmth. The towel comes loose from around her waist again to hang from her hand in front of her legs, and a little dark trail of wet runs down its length. With the other hand she swipes the key card through the lock.

Maggie, behind her, slides her bikini right down around her thighs, naked out on the balcony again as she runs around Meg to get through the door. The sudden nakedness triggers a conditioned response in her body, and running through the bedroom, she spurts a little before she’s even two steps in. She leaves a drop—and then another drop—on the carpet. She catches the bathroom doorframe at a sprint, hanging onto it to swing herself around the 90-degree turn. Her crotch squirts like a squeezed lemon-half, drops spraying onto the doorframe. She’s left the door wide open. She doesn’t bother with the lights.

Meg, standing out in the hall with the towel pressed into her crotch, is startled by the unexpected sight of her friend’s bare cheeks. She’s willing herself to stem the heat that’s spreading down her inner thighs. With a monumental effort of will, she gets it under control again—at least for a second—and then dashes inside after Maggie. She kicks the door closed behind her, but it only sways on its hinges and gradually swings open again. She doesn’t care enough to stop and give it a second try. She drops the key card on the floor, and her pouch next to it, keys tumbling out. She can feel herself starting to pee again and she tries to catch as much of it as she can with the towel while she runs. Her thighs are wet, and she adds more spots to the trail that Maggie left on the carpet...just a tiny sprinkling at first, then more and larger drops as it becomes a rushing river between her legs until at the threshold of the bathroom she leaves an unmistakable wet footprint.

Maggie is on the toilet, bikini around her ankles, peeing loudly into the watery darkness, her face a picture of pure bliss. The tile floor is puddled and the side of the toilet is wet. The seat must be too, but Maggie’s happy anyway.

Meg has to turn sideways in the tiny bathroom, squeezing past her to get to the tub. Maggie’s legs are spread wide, and even in the shadows Meg can see a little of the sparkling stream. Meg is pissing freely too, rivulets down her inner thighs, and it’s impossible now to tell how much of the wet on the floor was Maggie and how much is Meg. Maggie’s eyes are staring directly into Meg’s crotch for a moment. Her mons pubis glistens like a rounded stone in a babbling brook and the gushing flow down her legs is a golden rivulet wriggling like a snake against the skin of her inner thigh.

Maggie can hear the hiss of Meg’s water even over the melody of her own stream. As Meg loses all semblance of control, the rivulets become a waterfall, pouring freely between her legs. She pees a little on Maggie’s feet before stepping over the edge of the tub. She stands there, facing Maggie, with her water gushing straight down from her crotch and splashing into the tub with a sound like a summer’s cloudburst on a patio.

They go like that for a long time, for they were very full. Maggie with her bikini around her ankles, doesn’t realize she’s staring at Meg, but it’s hard to look away. Meg has her eyes fixed on a spot on the wall over Maggie’s head. She thinks about turning away, or standing with her legs closer together, or squatting down in the tub, but get real. Nothing would make this any less of a spectacle. Maggie finishes first, easing off to a trickle and then finally silence. Then Meg’s flow tapers off as well, but as Maggie stands and gathers a fistful of paper, Meg closes her eyes and lets her face go slack and then she pees again for another twenty or thirty seconds.

I can see them afterwards, Meg peeling the red bathing suit down off of those full, round breasts and then slithering it down like a snake shedding its skin, uncovering belly and hips and revealing her lush thatch of hair. She steps out of the suit altogether to stand with her feet spread wide apart again, now totally nude. Maybe, from the moist slit half-hidden by her dark curls, she squeezes out another little squirt of pee.

Maggie has turned away from Meg now, but she sees Meg strip in the mirror as she drops her own bikini bottom into the sink and runs water over it. She feels silly wearing just the top, so she’ll shrug out of that too and drop it on the counter. As Meg starts the shower running, Maggie will pick up Meg’s towel and use an edge that’s still dry to wipe down the seat and the side of the toilet, then lay it over the puddles on the tile floor.

I can see Maggie, tall and lanky and stark naked, stepping out into the bedroom to get something—conditioner, perhaps, or maybe a razor—and then looking up to see that the room door is still wide open. She’s standing there without a stitch, stripped bare-ass naked, and she laughs from embarrassment, though she’s also feeling mischievous and wicked in her nudity as she strolls up to the door to close it.

I see them showering together then, washing each other’s hair under the blast of hot water, and scrubbing themselves squeaky clean. I smell the scent of lavender shampoo and feel in my mouth the taste of warm wet skin...

