Joanne's Accidents Revisited (29-44)
Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite

Part 2. 

#29

As usual I met Joanne on a somewhat warm day, given the rains that have been all too frequent, to have coffee before lunch time. We sat outside, with few people around. Joanne came in (or, onto the terrace) wearing green slacks, a white shirt and jacket, and nice tie boots. Her blond hair fell across her face as the light winds blew. Her shirt provided the bare, and tantalizing outline, of her lace bra. Also as usual we talked about her friends, work and the like. She told me she had just come from a library (at a local university) where she had to do some work looking up various material for her job.

J: You would have liked it there to day.

Me: Why?

J: Because as I was almost done working, I just have maybe 15 or fewer minutes of stuff to do sitting at one of those large desks in the reference room, and, well you know me: I really had to pee, really bad, but didn't want to collect all my stuff, go upstairs to the bathroom, and come back down and set up again. I thought I could hold it...

Me: Didn't make it, again?

J: Patience, I'll tell the story. Anyway, I was sitting there working, crossing my legs back and forth, thinking I can do it, and finally finished, picked up my stuff, put it in my bag, and went upstairs. I really did have to pee, but it wasn't an emergency or anything. Who do I meet at the top of the stairs but this guy, who I hadn't seen for a long time. And he talked and talked, and I was standing there with my legs crossed for who knows how long, and finally told him I need to find the bathrooms, which were pretty close by, and then I needed to get back to work.

Me: And what happened?

J: I left, walking quickly, feeling like I was ready to burst...and as soon as I got into the toilet door felt the first spurt in my panties...quite a bit, but managed to stop it. [I smiled broadly...Joanne smiled back.] I knew you'd like this.

Me: What happened?

J: I stopped to get back into control, crossing my legs and then held myself. Thank god there was an empty stall, but you know me: when I see a toilet things get much worse, not better. I got to the stall and another spurt. I really hurried, put my stuff down and began to undo my pants, my legs crossed, and another spurt, this one pretty long just as I had my hands on my pants to pull them down. Again I managed to stop it, but I could feel myself getting quite wet. I pulled my pants down, now bent over, and began to pee even before I got my panties down...I pulled them down still peeing, and got them somewhat wet on the backside.

Me: So, what type of panties do you have on? And how long ago did this all happen?

J: Maybe an hour or so, actually a little less. Panties? The type I like most: white cotton, lace on the front, cute and sexy. I got them really quite wet. Finally they were down and I was sitting peeing; god, what a relief. I looked at my panties and they were really wet. I tried to pat them some with toilet paper to get them a little drier, but that really didn't help too much. But then I looked at my pants....Look.

At this point Joanne opened her legs up, sitting to one side of the table. God, while she dried some, there was a large wet patch from her crotch perhaps 4 or 5 inches down the insides of her legs. Not on her butt, but just the insides. The darkness of the wet area contrasted with the lighter green of her slacks. You probably couldn't see it unless she had her legs apart, and I didn't see it as she walked in, but it was totally obvious she had an accident in her pants. Needless to say, I was hard in an instant.

Me: God, you look great...that's a turn on. Did anyone see you, guess not since its not obvious except in this position. Its lovely to look at you that way in wet pants.

I was somewhat speechless. Joanne smiled.

J: I didn't do this for you, really, but thought you'd like to see it since it happened anyway. Enjoy it....

She smiled coyly, and closed her legs. I wanted to touch her, rub her wetness into her, feel the outlines of her probably much wetter panties...but then, I've wanted to do all that and more for a long time...but ours is a friendship and not physical...too bad. But I loved the story and the view....I can't wait for summer when Joanne often wears short skirts and dresses...perhaps a good view of her panties.

***

#30

I had a very quick coffee with Joanne today. She looked wonderful as usual; black skirt and top, not too short, but giving me a nice view of her legs, although not her panties...too bad.

It was very rushed and we talked much too quickly about a lot of things, and only as we were leaving did I ask her my usual question, which actually the last time I didn't ask her. Here is more or less what we said:

A: So, have you wet your pants, or are you still in a dry spell?

J: [smiling broadly] Actually, yes I did, well, not much, actually hardly at all, but enough to have to change. I was home.

A: What happened?

J: I was doing odds and ends around the house...things I had to do, this and that, no reasons I couldn't use the toilet. I don't know why, but I so often put it off...which is so stupid since, you know me, I can't hold it well at all. I've gotten better about times out of the house (sort of), but at home....

A: So, what happened?

J: I finally had to go so badly, I ran to the bathroom, but started going before I got there. I had to change.

A: You had on pants or a skirt?

J: Pants, and white panties, the kind you like; cotton, some lace.

A: How wet were you?

J: Wet enough...not soaking.

A: Did your pants get wet? You had to change them, too?

J: Yes, I had on white pants also...and had to change both them and my panties. I don't know why I keep doing that, I mean why I wait so long. I'm not like you; I don't like peeing in my panties...I've gotten used to it, but I don't like it.

A: I find it really interesting that you've always waited so long, even though you say you neither like holding it and waiting, or the often predictable result of wetting your panties.

At that point we were both running late, and that was the end of the conversation. She did add that her pants were wet a few I inches down the insides of her thighs. She was alone in the house.

***

#31

I met Joanne for lunch today. We talked about a variety of things. I intended to ask her if she'd had any accidents since we last talked about her wetting, which had been about three weeks, but she beat me to the punch. Here's more or less what the conversation was like.

J: Listen, I have to tell you, I had an accident today.

A: Wow, today, at work? [ I peered over the table to look at Joanne's gray and tight slacks.]

J: No, not at work thank God. This morning, I thought you'd love to know.

A: Of course, tell me...what a happened.

J: I woke up very early and was alone in the kitchen, reading the paper. There were a lot of articles which I was really into, and on my second cup of coffee. I kept having to pee, and then really badly, but kept putting it off. Its so stupid, I do that so often, thinking I can make it. I was squirming in my chair, crossing my legs, I even was holding myself toward the end, thinking 'This is really stupid...' But I didn't go, just wanting to finish the paper.

A: And what happened?

J: I finally had to go so bad even I knew there was no way I was going to make it. I could barely stand up straight. As I did stand up I began to spurt, one then another. [She looked at me, smiling, loving the tease.] You like this, no?

A: God yes, I'm so turned on just imagining you. You must have still been in your tee shirt or night shirt. Were you wearing panties?

J: No, not a night shirt. I was completely dressed for work. I'd showered, and gotten dressed completely.

A: You were completely dressed? Wow...what were you wearing?

J: The same type of pants I have on now, but tan.

A: And panties, what type?

J: The ones you gave me. [Some years back I had given her a pair of great white cotton panties, French, with lace on the legs and waist. They are some of her favorite ones.]

A: You still have those in wearable condition? I'm impressed.

J: Yes, of course. I wash all my lingerie by hand. I love those panties, and wanted to wear them today, knowing I'd be seeing you.

A: Hmmmm...guess they never made it, seems appropriate you peed in the however.

J: [She laughs quite a bit.] Sure does.

A: So what happened, now I can see you all dressed beginning to wet your pants.

J: I stood up and felt my panties getting wet. Rather than try to stop, I had to go so bad I just ran to the bathroom, wetting on the way, and once inside yanked my pants and panties down still peeing...I was really wet. I had to change. I put my wet clothes in the laundry and walked into our bedroom. My husband was half awake, and I walked in completely dressed and made up from the top, but nude on the bottom. He was so tired he seemed confused, but didn't ask or comment. He often comments if I've wet my pants and have to change, or even if I'm really desperate.

A: Wow...how much did you wet you pants?

J: Quite a bit, I'm not really sure. I knew I had to change, I was soaked. Not like to my knees to anything, but my panties were soaking and the insides of my pants were really wet, maybe 5 or 8 inches, I really didn't look.

A: I'm so turned on. I wish I could have seen you. I have known you all these years, and I've only once seen the results of you wetting your panties, that one time after we had coffee, you had on a skirt, white I think. Remember? No, you had on pants...I only wish I had seen your panties wet.... But I've never actually seen you have an accident.

J: Well, someday I guess the odds are on it, no?

A: Yes, maybe someday you'll help the odds by purposefully waiting....

J: Its so weird and stupid. I know I often can't hold it, and wet my pants, but I so often just procrastinate and hold off, finishing this task, like reading the paper this morning. I just wanted to finish, and I could barely sit still.

A: Sara is the same way.

J: She does the same thing, just waits, and sometimes its too late right? I don't understand.

A: Yes, she often will be dying to pee, but listen to her phone messages, or look at the mail first, and then jump around, doing a pee dance, or holding herself....

J: Exactly, that's what I was doing, I was holding myself sitting there, reading, telling myself I could make it. I didn't.

A: Yup, I love it. I love desperation, you waiting, and then beginning to wet your pants.

J: I know. I like telling you about my accidents.

A: Any others, or is this it. I like that you beat me to the punch telling me.

J: Well, it seem appropriate since it happened this morning.

A: God, I can see how great you must have looked trying to make it and loosing control. I would love to have seen how you looked in your wet panties, they are great panties.

J: Yes, I love those panties, but I didn't stop to look at them, just took them off. [Her guy] says its so strange the way I have to pee all of a sudden. He's seen me desperate and wetting so many times.

A: Well, really sorry I missed it.

We ended that part of the conversation, and as we walked to the parking lot I said I loved that she told me first about her accident without me having to ask. She said she liked telling me, and found it funny, strange and nice that I found her accidents so much of a turn on.

***

#32 Joanne's End of Summer Accidents: three accidents in two days

About a week ago Joanne and I went for a long walk in the country. It was very, very hot and she wore a short jean skirt and a tight top and sneakers. I was totally taken with her dress (or lack of it), and her long legs. While Joanne had to that point a dry summer (aside from her usual dribbles and spurts), toward the end of our walk she tied her shoe, affording me a wonderful upskirt view of her white panties with lace on the front. Her crotch was totally revealed for about 5 seconds as she tied. She knew I was looking at her panties, smiled as she put her leg down from the bench it was on. I said, "Nice panties, as usual. But I thought you told me you hadn't had any accidents all summer...you're panites are, well, a little stained." Actually, much of her crotch was clearly yellowed, if entirely dry. "I always tell you, I can't possibly keep track of all the times I dribble, especially when I have to pee badly just before I get to the toilet. I sometimes don't even think about it happens so much...to me that's not really an accident at all." I smiled, hard as hard could be, the image hardwired in my brain. Still is, gotta love white panties with pee stains on view when a woman ties her shoes.

Anyway, that was last week and Joanne, as I said, told me she had not had an accident since last spring, and that with a fair amount of travelling she did over the summer. One close call, she told me, but she managed to hold on and not even dribble.

However when we met yesterday she initiated the conversation. Dressed in a similar jean skirt (just below mid thigh), and a different but very tight sleeveless top, we walked. About 10 minutes into talking and catching up about this and that she said, "Listen, I know you'll love this. Yesterday and the day before I had three accidents, really, three in two days." I was all ears, and didn't have to even ask her to tell me in detail.

"God, the first happened the day before yesterday, at work. I had this awful schedule, meetings in different buildings scheduled back to back, and presentations. Toward the end of one meeting I was dying to pee, and a few people wanted to talk to me afterwards, and I had to. I was almost standing with my legs crossed and bent over. I was in such a hurry afterwards to get to the toilet that in the hall I tripped, I have no idea over what, and I felt myself spurt in my panties. I managed to control it, but I knew I was wet. I was wearing light tan pants, God it would have been awful if I had really wet them a lot, totally obvious, but I didn't. And yes, white cotton panties, lace all over. Anyway, I managed to get into the bathroom, but as soon as I began to undo my pants by the toilet I began to really spurt as I pulled them down. For some reason I pulled my pants down alone, and had my panties still on. I think I was concentrating so much on not wetting that I wasn't thinking about doing both at the same time. So, I got them down, and then just as I was pulling my panties down I really let go, soaking my panties but thank god, not my pants. My underwear was really wet, and I sat down and peed a lot, and then tried to wipe my panties dry as best I could. I checked out my pants, and there was a small wet spot, but it was very hard to see."

I was totally turned on as we walked. I told Joanne that was one of three, what happened the other two, I asked.

"The other two," she began, "both happened at home. It would have been awful at work. One in the morning, one in the afternoon, late afternoon. I was getting ready for work, ready to leave the house. I had to pee really, really badly. I was dressed for work, skirt, top shoes. I began to wet my panties, and I mean a lot...pee going down my legs, all of a sudden I just couldn't hold it. Anyway, I ran to the toilet...by the time I got there I was soaked...peeing on the floor, panties totally wet, my skirt was dry. Yes, white cotton panties, simple that day, no lace, just plain cotton. I was peeing in them when I lifted my skirt and pulled them down. I had to wipe the floor afterwards I wet so much. Thank God I didn't do that at work. I washed up and put on a dry pair of panties."

And the afternoon, what happened. Joanne continued: "That was worse, I can't believe I had two accidents in one day. I was driving home, classic; I had to pee really badly, holding myself...I simply didn't make it, I began to wet my panties (same skirt) as soon as I got out of the car. I dashed through the house to the nearest toilet, but I literally left a trail on my way. My husband saw me, and saw me wetting, and said, "Not again, Joanne!". I guess it too bad he's not like you, you would have loved it."

I interrupted her: I would have come to you and pulled you to me, letting you soak us both, and kissed you and felt you all over, I told her. She smiled.

"Anyway", she continued, "by the time I got to the toilet I had probably peed so much that I was half way done. I again took off my panties (this time beige silk string bikinis), washing them out, and wiped up the floor."

I was in wonder. Joanne concluded: "I'm not sure why I've been able to go for months with only minor dribbles, and then two major and one almost major accident. Weird."

I told her that for my sake I hoped the end of summer and fall would be as good as its been this week.

***

#33 October 1999

Joanne and I hadn't seen each other for about three weeks, and at the end of that lunch I asked my usual question: "Did you have any accidents recently?" Unfortunately, we were on our way out and she was running late. "Yes, yes, yes! God, awful...yes, but I don't have time to tell you now; I'll tell you next time I see you." I was left hanging...

Today we met for coffee and spent some time doing errands and talking. I reminded her about her 'yes, yes, yes' answer; and she said something to the effect, "I've been having so many accident I really don't remember which is which." I asked her major or minor ones. "Both, a few major ones, but all at home or near home. The usual, walking the dog, I do remember I really wet my pants a few weeks ago, maybe that was one of the ones I meant, I honestly don't remember. I know I had to pee really badly on the way back, really early in the morning, and I just couldn't make it on time...I began to do the usual, you know, spurt...by the time I got to the door I was probably wet to near my knees, and kept going as I dashed to the toilet. Everyone else was still sleeping, so I just put the wet pants and my panties in the hamper and changed." I think that may have happened another two or three times; I mean, wetting my pants while walking the dog."

"But the worse has been on the way to work; well, not really on the way, I'm desperate then, but getting out of the car and getting into the building has been awful. I mean, I almost as often as not get my panties wet."

I asked, "How wet?"

"Really wet", she replied. "I've taken to wearing dresses and skirts for fear of wetting my pants and having people see; at least with a skirt no one knows you panties are wet."

I asked, "How many time a week, like daily? Is it just your panties, or do you pee down your legs?"

"Both, very wet panties and sometimes down my legs...I just can't seem to make it. Last week I probably wet my panties three or four times. I really don't remember its so common. I'm not yet keeping a log, although I know you'd like me to."

I didn't even both to ask her about what she was wearing each time; clearly her accidents have been so frequent in the last six weeks or so they all blur. I need to see her more than once a week to get detailed descriptions....but I love that Joanne is into a very wet and accident prone part of her life. More as I know.

***

#34 January 2000, Joanne's Major Millennial Accident

As usual Joanne and I had coffee, and then did some shopping afterwards. We met at a coffee store, but not the one we were to have coffee at. She is somewhat late, but came running, wearing tight tan jeans, brown peter–pan type boots, and a nice quite tight sweater and jacket. She looked great. "Hi, I've really got to pee, real bad, I need their bathroom," was her introduction, as she smiled, gave me a very quick hello almost without hug, and hurried off to the toilet, which was however occupied. Of course as I walked over to her, standing somewhat casually, but crossed legged, I imagined her desperation being more intense, and perhaps really bad, as she'd move into the corner to cross her legs more tightly, perhaps have to hold herself, and perhaps...ah wishes...even began to pee in her tan jeans. Reality snaps me back, and she says again, "God, I really have to pee. I dropped my son off at school, and then went to the store, and I really had to pee, but didn't want to bother asking to use the bathroom, its such a pain there, so I just kept holding it, and I really have to go. I know you find this fun...." Just then, she still standing casually legs crossed, the woman in the toilet came out, and Joanne dashed in. Foiled again....

She came out a minute later, "I feel so much better." We left to drive to a more relaxed caf� some few minutes away. We had a lot to talk about, yes, even more pressing than desperation and accidents, so in the car and at the caf� we talked for perhaps 30 minutes. After talking about what was pressing (if not urgent....), we began talking about our christmas and new year's vacations. I told her about mine, and she about hers, and I mentioned that Sarah (whom I've written about some here) had a small accident in an art gallery/studio. She had had some coffee, unusual for her, and had to pee really urgently. She asked the woman in the gallery if she could use the toilet, and behind the counter had to stop, cross her legs, and I saw her hold herself for a few seconds, then disappear through a door. She came out a few minutes later. I asked how she felt, "Much better she answered, but I didn't quite make it on time." She had wet her panties and pants behind the counter, and then managed to get in control. I saw later that her grew pants were wet a few inches around the crotch, and teased her about it. I love it, and enjoyed her stained panties on her later that night. Joanne smiled, and I asked her if she had any accidents recently.

"God yes, yesterday, I wet my pants, I mean really wet them."

"How much, you mean completely?"

"Yes, totally, I had to take them and my panties off. I was driving home and wet myself in the garage."

"God, really? What happened? How wet did you pants get, to the knees?"

"No, more, to my ankles, my socks got wet, I totally wet myself, I couldn't stop...actually, I gave up."

"Wow, that hasn't happened in a long time, has it?"

"Thank God, no. I hate it, you know that, but I like telling you because you like it so much. Here's what happened."

I was sitting looking at Joanne's pretty blue eyes, blond hair falling on her forehead, turned on, knowing what her garage looks like, and hard as a rock. "So, what happened, tell all..."

"I had dropped my son off at school, and had my usual cup or two of coffee, but was returning home rather than going to work that day. I was going to work from home. It funny, since I got back from vacation, coffee makes me pee so much more intensely and urgently now. I guess its from not having had coffee for more than two weeks. Anyway, I was dying in the car, squeezing my legs together as much as possible, and when possible holding myself. As I got closer to home, you know, it takes about ten minutes from his school, I was almost out of control, and I was driving fast, too fast. I was afraid I was going to wet my pants in the car; I hate that. I also knew I wasn't going to make it, I just had a feeling... Anyway, I got into the garage, and the outside door was closing behind me, turned off the car and got out, and I knew I was loosing it, I guess I probably started to wet my panties, but I was in such a state, I was really panicked trying to hold it, that I wasn't really sure. I managed to walk to the door, the inside door to the house, and I just began wetting my pants. It was so fast and so hard, and so much, I didn't even try to stop it, it was one of those times I just couldn't. None of my usual that I've describe..."

"You mean, no spurts and dribbles, on and off?"

"God no. This was a total flood, whoosh....and fast, I had no control at all. That's unusual."

"What were you wearing?"

"Jeans, running shoes, a white shirt (it got wet where it was tucked in)...."

She looks, trying to remember, knowing that I'd ask her....

"...and, I'm pretty sure white cotton panties...I have so many, lace I think, not sure...So I began to wet my pants, in a total state, trying to open the door, which is silly since it wasn't even locked, I was so out of it as I was hopelessly trying to not wet, even through in the very beginning I was trying to stop, I was turning the knob and the door was not opening, then I knocked on the door, yelling 'Mom, Mom...'.

"Your mother was visiting?"

"Yes, she's here for a bit...Within seconds I gave up and just stood there and wet my jeans."

"Did you have your legs apart?"

"Funny, actually not, close together...and pee was falling all over the place, but my jeans got soaked...I finally stopped, maybe 10 or 15 seconds later, I had gone mostly in my pants, I had none left...I took off my jeans and began to take off my panties and opened door and called my mom. This time she heard, she came and saw me in my panties, all wet, holding my jeans. I said, "Mom, I wet my pants I had to go so bad." She looked at me, smiled, and said, "Joanne, not again! You've never been able to hold it very well, have you?" I was taking off my panties and asked her to close the shades since I was going to walk through the house naked and take a shower. I first went to the washing machine with my wet jeans and panties, but my mom took them from me and washed them...they're still in the washer, I forgot to take them out."

"Joanne, that's amazing...you just gave up and wet your pants. You are usually able to stop."

"I knew I wasn't going to be able to, really, it was useless. It was one of those times I knew what was going to happen. It was lucky that I was coming home, imagine what would happen if I had that type of an accident at work. What would I do?"

"I guess you'd have to drive home and change, and cancel meetings or whatever. I've always told you you should carry an extra pair of panties with you, but now a dry pair of pants, too."

"I actually thought of that, keeping a change of clothes in my office, but the pants might not match what I was wearing that day."

"What's the alternative, if you had had a major accident at work, or on the way? You'd stay in soaked pants or a skirt all day, or not match?"

"I guess not matching is better, true. But God, had I wet my pants like that at work, someone would have seen me on the way to my office from the bathrooms, or getting out of my car perhaps. And if I had been at work during the day, someone would see me in different pants...I'm sure they'd know I had wet them, what else would explain it? This was really awful."

"I know you don't like these accidents....."

"I hate them, you know that....what if you had wet your pants? How would you feel?"

"Actually, it would be ok, embarrassing I'm sure, but the feeling would be ok, for me. I know you hate it, but I love, adore hearing...but I want to be a witness sometime."

"I know, but not likely, I hope. Anyway, that's what happened...

I didn't know what to say, but also didn't know what to do, I was very turned on, and she knew it, smiled...and we managed to get onto another subject, but in the car driving back to where we had originally met I told her again how great I thought her accident was and how I wish she could find some sensual or erotic aspects of it...she laughed, but said she didn't like it. "I know you've wet your pants a few times...you found it nice?"

"I've mostly projected my wetting fantasies onto women....not myself, but some guys, and some women, do like it, sure."

"Yes, I know.

I dropped Joanne of, her detailed description of her major accident fresh in my mind, watching her get out of the car, her long tan jeans covered legs and tight ass walking to her car, imagining her just over 24 hours ago in another pair of jeans, soaked to the floor....helpless as she wet her pants and panties.

***

#35

I had coffee with Joanne today. In the last ten days Joanne told me she has wet her pants three times. The first two times occurred on the same day, both in her house, and almost happened a third time in a store. All in one day. The most recent time, just the other day, occurred at work, in her office, where she wet her jeans (it was a causal dress day at work). Here's what she told me about all the incidents.

She was working on a weekend at home, busy as always, and simply put off going to the toilet...in each case too long. For her it was awful wetting herself two times at home, and she told me she literally repressed all the details (what she was wearing, exactly what happened, what she changed into, what her husband and mother said), except that each time she had to change her pants, panties, and once her shirt since it was tucked in and got wet also. Both times, again her mother visiting and her husband there, they knew about her accidents, joked about it, but the second time (only hours after the first) she felt really embarrassed. I wish she had remembered more, but she remembers almost nothing of what happened, except she began wetting each time, as usual a little and then in spurts, and ran to the toilet, not making it and having to change her clothes.

Later that afternoon she was at a store (some large store selling furniture and other items) with her husband. She told him she had to pee 'really badly; I need to go home now." She stressed the 'now' part. She assumed that they would go home since she has always been a little embarrassed to ask for toilets if they are not clearly public ones, and this place did not have public ones. That surprised me. Learn something new every day.

According to Joanne her husband said something to the effect of, "You're not going to wet your pants three times in one day, come with me." Very uncharacteristically, he took her by the arm to the sales service counter and said, "Can my wife use your bathroom? This is really a very urgent, almost emergency situation." Joanne said she was really embarrassed, and the sales guy said 'sure', and pointed them to the rear of the store. She made it in plenty of time (too bad...oh well, sometimes pee doesn't happen), while her husband stood outside of the door.

The other accident Joanne had was yesterday. She had been in her office a little later than usual, filing things, writing memos and the like. As typical, she put off visiting the toilet until on her way home once out of her office, but things took longer than she expected. "Just one more minute," she thought. But as she was putting away some papers, standing, she felt the first spurt in her white cotton panties (as usual with lace in the front). She crossed her legs and bent forward, she said, quickly putting down the papers and heading out the door, through two other doors and toward the final door of the women's room. On the way she dribbled and spurted, hoping that she would not run into anyone, which she didn't. But once inside the women's room she said there was one other woman waiting. She panicked thinking she'd never be able to hold on, and she said she was jumping around, crossing her legs, and continuing to dribble and spurt. "I felt warm between my legs, I know you love it, but I was really afraid of completely wetting my jeans like a few weeks ago in my garage." Yet luck was with her since both stalls opened up within seconds, as she was about to hold herself. She ran in quickly, "I didn't even bother, actually, I was so panicked I couldn't, I mean I didn't even lock the stall door. I just wanted to get my pants and panties down before I really wet myself."

She did, but not before she had soaked her panties completely, and wet her jeans about 4 inches down the insides of her legs, also of course wetting her crotch. She pulled them up after peeing, now cold "and very uncomfortable", she said. I asked if you could see that she wet her pants, and she smiled, "Not unless you were looking up from under me, thank God. I don't think anyone knew." Once home, still damp, she changed her pants and panties, although she said no one knew.

I said, "I manage to miss all the good places to be." She smiled a warm, quite tender and also somewhat turned on smile, saying, "Well, perhaps its too bad you can't just hang out in women's rooms, I'm sure you'd find some good sightings. I'm sure there will be a time when I don't make it when we're together."

I, across the table, smiled, turn on as hell, and asked her what type of panties and bra she was wearing today. She told me: again, white cotton panties, lace; and a lace, see through bra. I told her I'd imagine her wetting her pants and changing sometime later in the day.

We parted, but the image of her mini–accident at work and two wetting at home in one day and almost a third on the same day stick with me.

***

#36 Pantyhose (Tights), Panties (Knickers) and Mini–Accidents: Joanne's Revelations

I had my usual coffee with Joanne. In spite of the fact that as we walked to the cafe she told me, crossing and uncrossing her legs waiting for the light to turn green, shifting her weight and slightly jumping around, that, "I really have to pee, the traffic was terrible," she had a dry week. I smiled, as did she, "No, I didn't wet myself once." Once in the cafe she made a bee line to the toilet while I ordered coffee for the two of us. On her return I smiled and she said, "You don't even have to ask, yes, sorry to disappoint, I made it, but only barely. I really had to pee." Oh well, that's the real world.

However a minor, but to me very interesting item. I love, as readers of what I've written know, women in panties, wet or dry. Joanne was wearing a black skirt, a few inches above the knee, black boots and pantyhose (tights for you Brits...). I asked her if she usually wore panties under her pantyhose. "Not usually, well, not if I'm going out, but almost always to work."

"Why only to work?," I asked. I really didn't have a clue.

She smiled (this was shortly before we parted after coffee): "Well, I don't like the lines of panties under tight skirts or dresses, most women don't. So, I don't wear panties under pantyhose except at work. But, I know you'll love this, at work I always wear panties since I'm afraid if I don't make it on time, you know, and pee in my pantyhose, I'll get my legs much wetter, and even leave a puddle or a trail if I'm running. So I wear panties to, what should I say, to catch my frequent dribbles better."

"You mean you wear them to be absorbent? Like a mini diaper?" I smiled.

"No! Not a diaper, that's awful....but just to prevent my legs from getting wet...I hate the idea of wearing a diaper...", but she smiled, "I guess it sort of has the same effect. Yet, if I wet a little my panties get wet, but it usually won't run down my legs, or, God, worse, leave a wet trail as I'm usually running you know where."

"Wow," I responded, "Even I had never thought of that...panties to catch the pee. I love it, but I guess it works only if you just dribble and spurt."

"Yet, true, but you know, that's usually what I do daily. Anything else, like a few weeks ago, nothing would help, and anyway, those big ones don't happen that much."

I loved the idea that Joanne purposefully wears panties under pantyhose (just for its own sake), but far more in order to minimize signs of her mini accidents at work. Ah, the secrets of women (at least to us guys.) All these years, and I find out something new, well, not everyday, but at least sometimes.

I'd be curious about other women's practices, at least those prone to frequent mini–accidents.

***

#37 An unusual accident

A few days ago I mentioned in a short post that Joanne had wet her panties while talking to her husband, but didn't have the details. Here are the details, and it was a quite unique accident for Joanne, or indeed for anyone I know.

She gave me a very brief email description about two weeks ago. She wrote: 

I will miss you next week. I had the same thing happen to me as the African woman in BESIEGED. Standing in the bedroom, talking to my husband... I do not know why since I was next to the bathroom...I wasn't scared like the woman in the movie just talking. Weird, I had no warning at all. I didn't even feel like I had to go, but I wet my panties totally, and legs.

When we met the other day I, of course, asked, and she elaborated.

It was the morning; Joanne had gotten up, having slept only in her panties. She had already used the toilet, and was drinking coffee. She and her husband had been talking, not about anything particularly important it seems. She was standing by the bathroom door in their bedroom. They talked, she, as she said, "Standing not more than three feet from the bathroom door. I didn't' feel like I had to pee, but, and this is really weird, all of a sudden I began to pee, I mean really pee, in my panties, through my panties, down my legs onto the floor."

"Did you make a puddle on the floor like in the movie?"

"Maybe a small one, but my legs were soaked to my feet."

I asked her what she was thinking; she said, "As I realized I was actually wetting my panties, I thought of you; how much you would like it. But I just, at first, was amazed. I've never wet myself without feeling like I really had to pee; but here I was just wetting panties, and not before hand feeling like I had to go. Strange. No warning at all."

I asked her how it felt. "God, like I really had to go, but it was too late. I ran the few steps to the toilet, pulled down my panties and finished there. But I left a wet trail. I cleaned it up afterwards."

I asked the proverbial question: "What type of panties did you have on?"

"You know my wardrobe on the whole. White cotton ones; lace front, I think some lace at the top."

She continued: "Anyway, it was totally weird and was over fast. I took a shower."

"What did your husband say? What was his reaction?"

He couldn't believe it. He was amazed that I just was talking and then started wetting myself. He said something like, "What's going on?". He told me that there was nothing important we were talking about, certainly nothing worth wetting your panties over. I said to him what I told you: I didn't realize I was about do; it just happened.

"Well, if I were he I would have wanted you in bed, or on the floor or somewhere. I wouldn't have been able to keep my hands off you."

"I guess he's not you. It does nothing for him. I doubt its ever pass his mind as being sexual. That's why I thought of you the moment I began to pee."

I tried to visualize Joanne standing there in her panties, and wetting them without warning. Certainly unusual.

***

#38 An elaboration on her unusual accident, above

We had dinner together about 10 days ago, and she told me that for the first time she understood, or as she said, "I actually felt what you mean when you find a woman peeing or wetting erotic." I was really surprised since in all these years she never said she experienced that. I asked in what way. She responded that it was difficult to put into words, but the sudden loss of control, the warmth of the sudden escape in her panties, running down her legs and not being able to stop....she said is was "not like having an orgasm, but perhaps not too dissimilar either."

I asked how come she never experienced this before. "I've never just wet my panties when either it wasn't in public or I didn't have to worry about other clothes being wet; or people seeing me afterwards. It just happened in my bedroom, and I found myself turned on as it happened and as I ran to the toilet. Not a lot, but some. It was interesting."

I suggested she might want to 'play' with that in private and see what happens and how she feels. So far, no news, except a far, far different set of two accidents. See below.

***

#39 April 24, 2000

I met Joanne for breakfast and a walk, except we never got to the walk, but talked a long time. Toward the end, as I was driving her somewhere, I asked, as we got into the car, about "anything interesting on the peeing and accident front."

"Oh, God! I had an accident that was awful. Really horrendous, terrible, and very embarrassing..."

Not able to resist, of course, I asked what happened.

Joanne told me her mother was visiting again. They had taken the dog for a walk after breakfast on a trail which is used for jogging, walking and the like. It's paved and runs through woods and housing developments; it usually has a lot of people on it at all hours. The weather was warm and Joanne had on light green leggings (I know the ones, they show off her legs and ass very well, and usually her pantie line too); and a tee shirt.

She said, "God, really...this was one of the worst, actually it was two."

"Two? How do you mean?"

"Well, we dropped my son off at school, and drove to the trail. But when I got there, or almost there, I realized I really needed to pee badly; the usual post coffee got to pee all of a sudden problem. I turned around in the parking lot, no toilets, and told my mom I need to use a toilet first, but on the way home I was totally desperate, and kept leaking some...and ran into the house through the front door, holding myself. I could feel my panties getting damp, but I managed to get to the toilet without too much damage, but I needed to change."

"You wet your leggings a lot?," I asked.

"Well, no, but my panties were wet and I changed them, somehow I didn't really get my pants wet. Anyway, we drove back to the trail, and once on it, but really no more than give minutes into the walk I really need to pee again. I told my mom and she couldn't believe it, saying "but you just went to the bathroom." I said, "I know, mom, but I really have to pee and badly." She said ok let's go home, but I decided I could hold it. That was really a big mistake. About five minutes afterwards I was totally desperate, and told her."

I was amazed. Joanne said early morning coffee does that to her. She continued: "I realized I wasn't going to be able to make it to the car, and, you know the trail, there is nowhere to pee, really nowhere. My mom, seeing me jumping around, said pee behind a tree or bush, but there were none at all private, not one. The only alternative was walking down the embankment to the stream, but it was muddy and hard to get down. I felt the first few drops at that point, and was really panicking. And people were running and walking. Finally, almost not being able to think...and understand, all this too less than a minute from the moment I was trying to find a tree to pee behind, I ran or dashed to a tree, and began to wet my pants, really a lot. I just couldn't stop. I got to the tree, it was pretty big, and while I was peeing pulled my leggings and panties down, and just squatted."

"God...what happened?"

"I felt relieved, but looked up and realized I was in clear view of people's backyard, and had no idea if anyone was there. I doubt it, but also realized that people could see me from one side of the trail, I was quite close to it. At that point it was too late, and I finished peeing, but realized that I was really wet. As I pulled up my panties they were soaked, but my leggings were wet to my knees or below, and up my butt, too. God, I was embarrassed. I walked to the trail, and my mom said, "Joanne, you wet your pants, again. God, what will we do with you." I said, "Mom, I just couldn't help it, what could I do?" She didn't reply. We began to walk back the ten minutes to the car, but it was obvious from the way I looked I had an accident, a big one."

"Joanne, I know you didn't like it....", I began.

"Like it? I hated it...it was awful, its not like at home....everyone could see me."

"I know that", I continued, "but I love it...did lots of people see you?"

"I guess so, there were a lot of people on the trail, I tried not to look at them, but my leggings were soaking and obviously wet. It wasn't like I looked like I sat in water or something. My inner thighs were soaked. Awful."

As always, I felt badly for her, but enormously turned on too. She smiled and laughed at me.

***

#40 June, 2000 Joanne: One month, One accident

I saw Joanne today after not having seen her for a month, or close to it. She looked great in a sleeveless top (light blue) and skin tight grey leggings, of the same style I describe in the last post when she wet them while walking with her mom. You could see the outlines of her panties through the tight material. To cut to the chase: I asked her if she wet her pants since I had seen her. "God yes, really badly...a week ago, maybe 10 days I'm not sure."

I asked what happened. She had been walking her dog after her morning coffee. "I thought you gave that up when you were having a lot of wetting accidents?", I asked.

"Well, you know I can't function without the coffee and my husband had left early and the dog had to be walked."

"Well, what happened?"

"God, the closer I got to my house and more and more I had to pee, I mean really bad. I felt the first little spurt, and knew I was in trouble. I was maybe a block from my door. I stopped, tried to get in control, but that wasn't working. All I could think about was the toilet...and that's deadly, as you know. Then, all of a sudden as I began to walk again, I really began to wet my pants...."

"What were you wearing, I love to visualize everything?"

Joanne smiled. "A t–shirt, running shoes and socks, and running shorts, I think the light blue ones. Anyway, I just couldn't control it, and began to run thinking that it would be better to at least try to make it rather than constantly crossing and uncrossing my legs...But I didn't. I began to completely wet my shorts while running. In fact, I left the dog who walked home, while I made a dash for it. But by the time I was at the door and fumbling for my keys I had totally wet my shorts and panties, my legs and even the socks."

"God, I would love to have seen that...", I added, saying the obvious.

We were walking as she told the story...I was very turned on...imagining her wetting herself right then and there...but, alas, it was not to be. But I did love the story.

***

Brief update:

In the past three weeks she been exceptionally busy, running from one place to another, juggling the necessities of daily life. Unlike the prior months, this has led to her to feel very rushed, and when rushed she postpones toilet visits, for reasons I've never fully understood since she often end up wetting herself. We've talked about this a lot, and she usually laughs about it. (I know a number of women who do this and have ended up wetting accidentally, and find it a wonderful mystery as to why women who otherwise are accident prone often put off finding a place to pee.)

Accident #1: About three weeks ago Joanne was running from one meeting to the next, and then that was followed by a meeting with her boss. She was wearing tight white pants (and white cotton panties, with lace; her usual). She ran (literally) to the bathroom after the second meeting, dying to pee. She said all three stalls were taken. She was standing there, legs cross holding herself, feeling about to really flood her panties and pants, when a woman left the stall. She ran in, but not in time to totally hold it. She said, "I began wetting my pants as soon as I walked in. I soaked my panties, and probably got my pants wet...maybe this much." She indicated with her hands maybe four inches. "I looked at my pants in the mirror, and you couldn't see anything. I guess if you looked up you'd have see me quite wet. God, white pants, and between the legs I was all yellow. But my boss [a woman] just commented on how nice my clothes were. God, if she had only known."

Accident #2: A few days later she went to visit a friend in the hospital. As she was leaving she knew she had to pee, but didn't like these particular hospital toilets. She thought she could hold it for the 20 minute drive home. But by the time she got to the car she knew she really had to pee. She thought of going back in, but was in a hurry and decided to risk it. I asked her, "Why, since you've often wet your pants in situations like that?" "I never learn." She told me that half way home she was driving (a shift car...) holding her crotch as best she could and trying to press her legs together, clearly not easy. About five minutes before her house she began to wet in small spurts, but by the time she got to her driveway, she was doing larger and larger spurts. She said her butt was pretty wet, as was the car seat. "When I got out I couldn't hold it very well...I just began to wet my pants. I don't remember what I was wearing exactly, jeans probably, but I know by the time I got to the bathroom I had to put my panties and pants in the wash." I asked, "How much did you wet your pants, how far down?" "Oh, past my knees, I was really wet...I just couldn't hold it...at all."

Accident #3: She was leaving another meeting, which went on for hours, and was supposed to meet a colleague afterwards at her office. He was waiting for her, and she told him, "I really need the toilet immediately, I'll be right back." He told her, 'take your time.' But, she said, "I had to wait for a stall...god, I began to wet my panties, thank god I had on a dress...my legs were wet almost to my shoes by the time I got in. My panties were soaking...yes, white cotton, the usual, nice ones, but very wet." She met with her colleague for over an hour with soaking panties on. He hadn't a clue, she said.

Accident #4: A small(er) one on the way home after picking up her son. She began to wet her tan slacks as soon as she got out of the car. She said she wet them half way or more to her knees, and had to change.

So, Joanne seems to be making up for lost time. See what the next few weeks bring. I was very turned on after the walk, 'hardly' surprising.

Joanne's Two Major Accidents, of a New Kind

I went for a long walk with Joanne yesterday. She had on very tight gray pants and a great, also tight, red pullover which showed her breasts wonderfully. Too bad it was getting cool and she also had a jacket, which she put on shortly after we began to walk. Until then I noticed the faint outline of her panties through her pants. We walked and talked for about half an hour before she began to describe what happened, but as we began to talk she was telling me of a really, really boring and tedious meeting she was at the day before, saying that when it was scheduled to be over she decided to leave. I said, "You had to pee?"

"No," she replied, "actually not at all, it was just an awful meeting and I wanted to go home. But I will tell you about two really big accidents later."

I immediately felt myself getting excited at the prospect, and was only disappointed in that I didn't see Joanne wet her pants, but only got some very, very detailed descriptions and reflections on her accidents. Before she described the accident she mentioned that she had seen Holy Cow (is that the right title?), and there was a peeing scene, so I should be sure to see the movie.. Ah, nothing like a film referral to put one in the mood.

The week of October 23

Joanne said that both these accidents were very new to her. "New?," I asked, "How new given the endless accidents you've had since you were seven?"

"No, really, this one and the other were really weird, really strange in a number of ways."

"Well, what happened?"

"Ok, I was between my usual endless meetings and presentations. I had to pee, but absolutely nothing urgent at all. I was wearing a loose skirt, a little above my knees, quite modest really, shoes. It was warm on Tuesday, so no hose or anything. I walked into the women's room nearby, and really, as I walked down the hall I was totally far from desperate, I just figured I should pee before I had to sit through a meeting. Preventive action and all. Anyway, literally as I walked into the women's room, just in the door, and not being at all aware of an urgency, I felt this flood in my panties, running down my legs...God, I didn't know at first what was going on. It was really weird, no warning, and all this warm pee flooding my legs and shoes, and even leaving a small puddle on the floor and then a trail as I walked. Well, at that point I ran right into the first stall, pulling up my skirt and my soaking panties down...I managed to slow the flow by this point, and finished peeing in the toilet."

"What was so strange was no warning, no feeling like I had to go, no nothing....just a sudden warm flood. I was soaked. Thank god I had a skirt on. Anyway, I had to take off my shoes and with a damp towel wash them, and washed my legs, and damp dried my panties as best I could, but didn't want to be without panties, so I kept them on. I then got the pee off the floor...I was worried about someone walking in, but they didn't. I was lucky."

"Wow, I can't believe that," I almost stammered, feeling my erection push against my pants as we walked. "No warning and you just flooded, not dribbled and spurted?"

"Yes, that's what was so totally new...Anyway, the same sort of thing happened two days later, on Thursday, except at home. I was driving home, and had to pee, but again absolutely nothing urgent, I wasn't holding myself or squirming or anything. I got out of the car, and actually got my bag, and was walking toward the door, you know from inside the garage. And then, again, no warning. I felt myself begin to wet my pants. I was wearing pants this time. I dropped my bag, left the door open, and as I walked, almost ran...but not too fast I didn't want to trip or anything...unbuttoning and then unzipping my pants....god, I was totally soaking them, completely, again I felt pee just pouring from me, my panties didn't quite get down with my pants, I was in such a hurry, and by the time I got to the door of the bathroom I had my pants almost around my knees (of course I realized I had a hard time walking that way...hey, I was panicked), and was peeing right through my panties, all over my legs and onto my pants. You would have loved it...I was totally out of control...this time I couldn't even slow myself down....and completely wetting my panties, which were on, and my legs, pants, socks and shoes...again. It was absurd. Obviously I had to put my pants and panties in the washer. Even my socks and had to rinse my shoes. My husband asked why I walked in the bedroom naked from the waist down. I had to tell him what happened...it was funny, I only tell him if he would otherwise know, like then. I didn't tell him about wetting myself at work. I tell you everything...He said, 'Joanne, again, you wet your pants, what will we do with you?" Apparently the subject was dropped as she got a dry pair of panties and pants.

I was silent for a few seconds, amazed since Joanne had never described this type of accident. She had no idea why she had these two, but knew I would love the description. I asked what color panties she had on both times and what color pants. White pants and both times her usually lovely white cotton panties (European) with lace in the front, and one had some lace on the legs. I felt myself getting harder....

I asked her how she felt each time since there was no warning, no urgency...just a flood as she got near each toilet.

"Well, you'll be interested. To my surprise the accident at work, in the women's room, actually felt not bad, maybe even good. I was so taken by surprise since I didn't feel the usual signs, that I realized there was all this warmth flooding down me. Since it didn't get my skirt at all wet, it was only later I was concerned about someone seeing me. When my panties were wet at first, that was OK, it felt nice, they were warm. By the way, you would have liked it a lot, they were quite see through. I was glad they weren't wet on my butt since they might have gotten my skirt wet, but they didn't get wet there at all. I wasn't real happy about wearing them for the next hours all wet, but it wasn't as bad as I thought, I'm not sure why."

"When I wet my pants at home it wasn't so great; I know that's weird since only my husband was home, but I don't like wetting my pants; its really messy, and it didn't feel as good at all. So it was weird, the one in the women's room was actually quite sensual since I only wet my panties (and legs and shoes I guess!!), but it felt good."

"Joanne, someday I really want to see you wet your panties, if not your pants...." My wish trailed off into her knowing smile, but I knew that unless it was an accident, she wouldn't wet her panties or pants on purpose for me.

We talked a little more about these two accidents which perplexed her, and she promised to tell me about anymore than might happen.

The stuff of dreams, masturbatory fantasy, and one can only hope, Joanne's continued reality for next week. We'll see.
