The Ballerina's Bladder

Author: Abigail Thornton

To be honest, peeing in public isn’t something I would ordinarily choose to do. Or rather it’s not something I would have chosen to do. But I found that I actually quite enjoyed it. The idea of setting off on a journey with a full bladder, knowing that I wouldn’t be able to make it to my destination without peeing on the way would have made anxious; but not anymore. It makes me feel excited; where will I end-up doing it? Will I be seen? Will anyone notice if I wet myself?

For most people, those questions and my behaviour would be considered bizarre - and I would have agreed with them. But then again, letting a woman lick my pussy would have seemed bizarre and spending a day in bed with a woman would have seemed ridiculous. It still does actually, since I’m straight. Or I least I thought I was. Perhaps there is the odd kink in even the straightest of roads, if you look hard enough.

Pee play would have certainly classed as an ‘odd’ kink with me a few months ago. It’s not something I would have done and certainly not something which I would have enjoyed in the way that I do now. Games with urine? Why? How would that even work? Well, I’ve invented a few which I enjoy and this is the story of the first game I invented for myself and the first time I played it... and how it led me to a lesbian’s bed.

Both the pussy-licking and the pee-play came about by accident. Well, both were an accident the first time. You can’t really call it an accident when you let it happen again and again.

There has barely been a time in my life when I didn’t dance, and as a 23 year-old medical secretary, Tuesdays and Thursdays had become the highlight of my week. They’re the nights when I get to indulge my obsession for ballet at ‘Dance Advantage’. The intermediate class on

Tuesdays isn’t too bad but Suzanna Bennett’s advanced class on Thursdays is a real challenge.

Not many women can cope with the demands of Suzanna Bennett, and certainly none of my friends - who would rather spend the money on an extra bottle of red wine. I guess that makes me special. Thursday nights became special for another reason - they were the night when I sometimes had to pee in public. That was due to Suzanna’s obsessive insistence that all us ladies kept ‘topped-up’ with fluids during our sessions; there was always an almighty queue for the loo at the end of the class - a queue which I simply didn’t have time to wait out.

People often say that they aren’t as flexible as they used to be. Well, they should take up ‘advanced’ ballet with Suzanna Bennett. She didn’t tolerate excuses and quickly had me spreading my legs in ways that would have made any of my ex-boyfriends’ eyes pop. I had thought I was flexible until the first time Suzanna grabbed one of my ankles and stretched me. I was startled and let-out a surprised squeak as my hamstrings strained and stretched.

“You have potential, hon, you crack on,” she said, before moving on to her next victim.

Each week she pushed and pulled me a little bit more, testing my limits and pushing them back. I could feel the difference and other people could see it; in the way I walked, in the way I held myself - even my mum asked me if there was a new man in my life.

“No, no,” I said, “nothing like that.” I didn’t like to tell her that the bounce in my step was because a woman was spreading my legs. I didn’t want to confess to the little fantasy world I was living in, in which Suzanna was spreading my legs for an entirely different purpose...

It was the way she did it, the way she manhandled me that was a weird kind of turn-on for me. It made me feel hot and bothered as she took control of my body and did things with it. What if she wanted to do other things with my body? ‘Bedroom’ things, perhaps? She ran the class with an iron rod; like a mistress from an old school, missing only the cane with which to beat us girls. ‘That could be fun,’ I thought to myself.

Hers was an uncompromising personality, one which I hadn’t witnessed before and it was fun to watch the new girls have their safe little bubbles burst as they paid their money and tried to migrate from ‘intermediate’ to ‘advanced’.

The thing was, I wanted Suzanna’s flexibility. I wanted to be able to point my extended toe to the ceiling, and to have her control. The aerobics and other classes kept me fit but there was something about doing the splits, about the finetuned balance, the elegant strength and control which was appealing. Suzanna picked-up on my determination and she pushed me; pushed me until my muscles shook. I wanted to please her and that was why I had been late.

“Shit, is that the time?” I asked, staring at the screen of my phone. With the class finishing at 7.45 PM, it was tight getting to the train at the best of times. It was ten minutes of brisk walking and my train was at 7.59... and there were roads to cross.

I groaned as I saw the station clock tick over to 8:01; a bright beacon glowing against the encroaching night. I scampered down the stairs hoping... but the empty platform confirmed what I already knew; that my train had been, collected my fellow passengers and was now somewhere down the tracks heading towards my station. Fuck. I had an hour’s wait on a lonely platform, exhausted but mellow with a post-exercise glow.

Well, maybe more than post-exercise, I admitted to myself. There was a sexual heat in there as well. That’s what a couple of hours exercise with a woman feeling your legs, straightening and pulling them, can do to a girl.

I was still wearing my pointe shoes having simply pulled my jeans and jacket over my ballet clothes when I fled. Grabbing hold of a lamppost, I pulled up onto pointe. A blast of cold air hit me. I winced, but not just from the cold - the cold caused my bladder to contract and gave me a strong urge to pee.

I had had to go for a bit, but had ignored the urgent requests from my rapidly filling bladder in favour of catching my train. The nearest toilet was currently heading off into the suburbs, along with the train I should be on. Another blast of icy Arctic air curled around my exposed skin. I was glad of my jeans and pulled my jacket closer around my body. I was always cold after the class.

But the cold wasn’t the greatest of my worries. It was 45 minutes until the next train was due and the urge to empty my bladder was stronger than ever. I was desperate.

Wincing, I rubbed my stomach with both hands as I dug them deeper into my jacket pockets and contemplated my options. 45 minutes... given that the station was closed, the options were that I could walk to somewhere that had a toilet, risk waiting until the train turned up or find somewhere on the platform to have a sneaky piss.

My bladder liked the third option. It was immediate and easy. It had been a long while since I’d peed in public. As my bladder continued to fill, the walls ached as they became stretched and I felt an unexpected raft of sensations to accompany my need - excitement and arousal. I decided to play a dangerous little game - I decided that I had to hold it in until 8.30 - thirteen minutes away.

My nether regions were throbbing with the effort of keeping the fullness back. I undid the top button of my jeans, hoping to give my bladder a little more room, to ease the pressure a little. It felt a lot better - the jeans were tight, and that tightness had been restrictive. The reduced pressure on my bladder eased the immediacy of my need... but the encroaching cold made it worse. Smiling to myself, I started walking in little circles, doing ballet moves. They were designed to keep my mind off my bladder but the stretches weren’t a good idea and I kept stopping every so often to grab my crotch discreetly to hold it in.

It was 8.23. Oh, it was hurting now. My crotch was starting to go numb; hadn’t I read somewhere that I could damage myself by refusing to pee when I needed to? I had a half-memory of the fact, although I couldn’t remember any details.

8.24. I was watching the seconds tick past on the platform’s clock. One more minute and then there’d only be five left until I could pee. My whole stomach felt swollen, and the aching discomfort was making me dizzy. I couldn't hold on much longer; only just over five minutes. I could feel the weight of the piss, ready to descend into my tube; eager to be released into a long steamy stream.

8.25.1 stopped again, and this time grabbed my stomach and bent forward, desperately clenching muscles, only just barely keeping back all that was trying to escape. “Why am I doing this to myself?” I thought about 8.30, about dragging my jeans down and letting forth an enormous torrent of piss. I was beyond desperate now, the thought of relief having tortured my bladder.

8.26.	Where was I going to do it? On the platform, or on the steps? The steps would be good; I imagined my piss in a huge arc from the top step... maybe I could reach all the way down?

A dozen steps - it’d look spectacular. The steps were also the brightest place on the platform, the place with the greatest risk of being seen. Did I want to be seen? Yes. The steps were where it was going to happen.

8.27.	I started walking now, slowly, and aimlessly. I stopped and grabbed my crotch - the piss in my tube had escaped - it had squirted into my panties. I could feel it as a warm wetness and a weight pulling the material away from my crotch. I had to flick my muscles on and off, pressing and holding in turn to keep the balloon of piss from bursting. I grabbed my crotch, fearing that there’d be a wet patch - but it obviously felt much worse than it was. It must have been a tiny leakage as I was still dry.

8.28.	I imagined that the small outflow would have made room; I imagined that it would have been easier to contain what was left. Unfortunately, instead of bringing relief, the leakage had had the opposite effect - it was as though the remaining pee had been shown the escape tunnel and now it was all trying to force its way out simultaneously. Perhaps that first sprinkle had lubricated my tubes. I couldn't hold on. My sphincter muscles were weakening and I knew it was only a matter of time before my bladder gave out on me. I was determined to get to

8.30.

8.29.	The clock ticked over. Just 60 seconds and then I could piss as much and as long as I wanted. The steps were out - there was no way I could waddle up a flight of steps; I could barely standup straight for the pressure in my groin. I thought about sliding my jeans down, getting ready for the moment that the clock ticked round to 8.30 -but that was against the rules, my rules. I couldn’t prepare like that - that would be cheating. 45 seconds.

8:29:15. It suddenly became too much for my bladder to bear - despite my best efforts, I started to pee right into my panties and jeans again. I let it happen for two seconds and then shut it off. Or tried to. There was no response. My peehole was open, hot piss flooding into my knickers. I felt them bulge grotesquely as they filled with my waste liquid. I moaned at the disgrace of pissing myself in public. The shame - but also at the relief; it felt so damn good. No longer trying to stop it, I looked down and watched as the wet darkness spread from my crotch. It ran horizontally along the ridges at the tops of my thighs. Three creases, fanning out like cat's whiskers, each darkening as they filled with my hot piss which quickly soaked into the material. I felt pee squirting into my pockets, filling them. I giggled at the naughtiness of what I was doing. Pissing myself. Pissing my knickers and soaking my jeans.

The piss was flying out now. I pushed down on my bladder, peeing harder than I thought possible. My bladder was draining faster than my jeans could take and they sprang several leaks -jets of piss shot-out of the seams at odd angles. I looked like an old watering can with lots of its holes blocked. My hole certainly wasn’t blocked. And there was an angry hiss as hot liquid boiled into my soggy underwear. I had flooded myself and surprised laughter turned to moans and finally sighs of relief. The flow stuttered and came to a stop, although streams of piss were still running from my jeans, fed by the reservoir held in my crotch.

The aching was still there - but it was wonderful. My bladder felt good; everything felt good. I knew what I needed to do...

I waddled to the shadows and dragged my soggy jeans down, gasping as the frigid air touched my wet skin. I went to pull my panties down, but they weren’t there - they were stuck to the insides of my jeans. All the better.

I used my left hand to spread my pussy lips, easing them apart until my clit poked out of its hood. I wanted this so badly; I’d pissed myself. I was trapped in a pair of soggy jeans miles from home. Everyone would see me; everyone would know what I’d done. I dipped my fingers into my pussy, feeling a different kind of wetness to the one I was used to down there. It wasn’t lubricating wetness, there was no slipperiness -until I stuck my fingers inside and collected some of my sex juices. My pussy was so hot, and tight. It felt wonderful to penetrate myself. But I needed to come and fast.

I stroked around my clit, building-up the tension in it without actually touching it directly. I came close to orgasm within seconds but stopped and waited for the feeling to pass. It was so sensitive down there. I was going to tease myself again, despite the discomfort and the danger - or perhaps because of the danger and discomfort. I wanted to make the orgasm even more intense. A new rule was needed. 8.45 - that was when I could come.

At 8.42 I heard a train. I decided what I should do just as it pulled into the opposite platform. I squatted, hiding my naked pussy behind the wet crotch of my jeans... and I pushed down gently on my bladder, forcing a weak but prolonged stream of pee out in front of me, towards the train. Not everyone looked... but some did and of those that looked, some must have spotted the girl squatting in the shadows, peeing. Letting them watch was one of the most erotic experiences of my life: a spur-of-the-moment decision that I would remember forever. I kept my face down, hiding my identity, but imagined the looks of shock, disgust, disapproval, and perhaps interest...

8.44. The train departed with 30 seconds left until my climax. When I want to come, I force my labia open even wider so my clitoris is fully exposed and continue my rubbing with a steadily-increasing pace. I was shivering with the cold as I spread the fingers of my left hand, stretching the petals of my pussy to their widest aperture. My clit was so sensitive that it felt like it was going to burn off as I touched it directly. I jumped -my fingers were freezing! They’d been wrapped around the leg of a metal pole for balance and I hadn’t noticed.

I don’t normally touch my clit directly at all but for once this was what I needed and rather than retreat from the fiery intensity, I pushed through and used it to further enhance my orgasm. What I had been doing was so unreal that I felt as though I might pass out from the intensity of the crushing ecstasy. Only the biting cold stopped me from losing myself completely. My clit popped back in as soon as I came but I rubbed my clitoral hood and kept the spasms going for nearly two minutes. I finished, knowing that it had been my best orgasm in months, if not years.

8.48. Time to get ready. I could see the lights of my train in the distance as I creaked to the edge of the platform. My pussy was hot and satisfied, but cocooned in a stiff, frigid, soggy tomb of denim. I wondered whether my jeans would ever recover as I held my legs together and tried to jiggle warmth into them.

8.59 The train pulled up and I welcomed the warmth, if not the exposing light and prying eyes. I stepped into the carriage nonchalantly and dropped into the nearest seat. No-one even looked at me - thank-goodness for commuter etiquette.

Even the ticket inspector failed to notice the two-tone effect of my jeans as I fumbled in my purse. By the time my stop approached, I was comfortable enough to stand-up at the usual point, exposing myself to the entire carriage as I waited my turn to get off.

It was dark as I stepped off the train and cold. I could think of only one way to warm myself up. I did it as I waited to cross the road, allowing my bladder to fully empty once again, savouring the now-familiar flood of warmth. As I swish-swashed my way home, I knew that it wouldn’t be the last time I’d need to put on an extra wash when I got home from dance class.

###

I had thought that to be the end of that little pee game. My jeans had been washed; my Russian pointe shoes had been replaced. It was my little wet secret. Except, it wasn’t a secret. Suzanna pulled me to one side as I arrived for the following class. “I saw you last Thursday,” she said. Oh God.

“Really?” I asked, desperately trying to sound casual.

“Yes, you were waiting to cross Station Road.” It was dark; she probably wouldn’t have seen anything. “You were wearing those jeans and that same little white jacket,” she said.

“That’s very observant!" I said carefully. Suzanna moved in closer. “Do you often piss yourself deliberately? That’s what you did, wasn’t it?”

“No - I mean yes," I said, feeling the heat of embarrassment, unsure what had made me adjust my answer - but admitting it to myself immediately. She was the stern school mistress to my naughty schoolgirl. I felt compelled to clarify my confusion of an answer; I wanted to tell her more; I wanted to tell her the details. “I’ve only done it twice, both times last Thursday.”

“Doesn’t your train have a toilet?” Suzanna asked, with a slight note of sarcasm in her voice.

“Yes, but I was playing a little game the first time. I lost.”

“A game? Who were you playing the game with?”

“With me. It was a challenge.”

“What was the challenge?”

“I was bursting to wee, but I made myself wait. There were less than 60 seconds left when it happened.”

“When you wet yourself? So you travelled on the train in wet jeans? Brave girl,” Suzanna nodded, looking impressed by my act of depravity.

“It was cold when I got off the train and I knew how I could warm myself up. That was what you saw.”

“Mmmm.” Suzanna groaned. “I knew what you’d done and knew that you’d done it on purpose... I just couldn’t figure out why. I’ve been thinking about you and your pissy little pussy a lot this week.”

“You have?” I croaked. I could see the door to my own fantasy creaking open. Suzanne down between my spread legs, except no tutu and the only thing getting any exercise was her tongue... although my pussy would be getting a good workout. It sent a shiver down my spine. I instantly squashed the image and pangs of guilt came flooding over me. Dirty little pervert - she couldn't have been thinking that about me like that! “Are you going to throw me out of class?” I asked, feeling a sob rise up into my chest.

Suzanna laughed. It was a proper head-thrown-back laugh, as though I had just cracked the funniest joke she’d heard all year. Everybody turned round to look. I hugged myself, feeling uncomfortable under their stares, bracing myself for Suzanna’s public humiliation. “Guess what Karen did on the way home last week, girls. She pissed herself! In the same clothes that she’s wearing now - not once but twice.” Everyone would laugh and stare. “And what’s even worse - she just told me that the second time she did it, she did it on purpose!” I heard the chorus of imaginary ‘Ewwws’.

“I’d rather throw the rest of them out so I can get my hands on you right now,” Suzanna said, as one hand took a very significant hold of my left arse cheek. She didn’t let go and I felt the pressure of her fingers working right into the cleft of my arse. Only the taught stiffness of the thick cotton of my jeans was keeping her fingers from pressing against my arsehole.

My stomach knotted and my breath caught as the door to my fantasy got blown off its hinges and Suzanna was standing in the gap with her hands on her hips. Fuck! Was this really happening? I let her grope me, getting extremely over-excited by her indecent behaviour. Her hand felt tiny compared to any man who had gripped my bum, but even through the seat of my jeans I could feel her fingernails trying to dig into my flesh.

“Your bum is amazingly pert!" Suzanna whispered. “I’ve always thought that - but you need to go and get changed.” My senses had been heightened and as she eased her grip on my ‘amazingly’ pert posterior, I was sure that I could feel a ghost imprint of her fingers and thumb on my flesh. She tapped me on the bum. “I wish I could come and watch!" she said.

My body responded sexually to that last comment - both the comment and my response to it caught me completely unawares. “Actually, I’ll just have a quick piss while Karen’s getting changed,” Suzanna announced to the assembled class - and no-one so much as batted a false eyelash. However, the words resonated with me in ways which I had never imagined possible. I jumped to my feet and zigzagged through the crowd of girls to the changing rooms with Suzanna in close pursuit.

I knew what Suzanna was going to do: she was going to let me watch - the changing rooms and toilet cubicles were cramped together in such a way that it was easy to accomplish. She just left the door open. As I tugged at my clothes, revealing more and more of my body to Suzanna, she did the same. Except her creamy thighs were hovering over the glistening porcelain of one of the gym’s loos.

Her pussy was on display and I could see that it was closely trimmed, but not completely bare. Suzanna reached her right hand down and spread her labia. She looked up to check that I was watching closely and I knew what was about to happen. I paused my dressing and waited. She let out a soft sigh as her stream commenced.

It didn't trickle, it just snapped into existence as a force of nature, obeying her command as everyone and everything else did. It was a powerful, clear stream and Suzanna smiled over at me as she watched me watching.

“This feels amazing,” she said. “I hadn’t even realised that I needed to go. Do you like watching me pee?"

“It looks pretty amazing,” I said weakly, feeling uncertain as to what the etiquette was in terms of commenting on watching a woman perform a bodily function that I had always thought should remain private. I didn’t even watch myself in the bathroom mirror at home. Peeing was supposed to be done quickly, with as little fuss and attention as possible. It wasn’t supposed to be done with the cubicle door open with your legs spread with someone watching.

Suzanna looked-up expectantly and the need to say something more concrete grew in intensity. ‘Well done’? ‘Nice colour’? ‘Good flow’? I wasn’t sure. I didn’t want to appear as ridiculous as I felt. Suzanna’s stream flicked off and she got on with the job of wiping. Should I be watching that too? Released from her tractor-beam gaze, I took a step back, only then becoming aware of the adrenaline pulsing through my bloodstream.

“Come-on,” Suzanna said. “It's time to dance.” She pushed us harder than she ever had with double-time releves to Beyonce and relentless sit-ups to help our core strength to the Black Eyed Peas. We exercised at the portable barre, being careful to support our own weight and finished with pointe work. It was hard and it was awesome.

I hadn’t forgotten what had happened before the lesson started but I was so weary that all my excitement had drained away. I felt truly relaxed and comfortable, although the way Suzanne stared at me as we lingered rekindled some of what I had been feeling. Was this really going to happen? ‘Straight girls don’t do this!" I kept thinking to myself. Every time I caught her eyes, they seemed to be glittering with something unspoken. Lust perhaps?

I’d never been the object of female lust before. I could feel my nipples hardening under the fabric of my top and I couldn’t blame the cold. The changing rooms were hot and humid - although I never took advantage of the showers myself, many of the other women did. It was Suzanna’s presence that was making me feel hot.

“I’ll give you a lift,” Suzanna said, as the last of the class dispersed. I was instantly filled with a heady mixture of excitement and exhilaration. I didn’t ask where she was taking me, but since she didn’t know where I lived and didn’t ask, I knew she wasn’t taking me to my home.

She had slipped a short skirt and leather jacket over her dance costume. I found myself thinking about what she looked like underneath her clothes. I’d seen her pussy; seen that pussy pissing, but I hadn’t seen her tits or ass, whereas I’d been naked at one point when I’d been getting changed and I’d done a Pirouette for her.

Would she have her wicked way with me in the back of her car? No - it was a sporty model and there were no back seats. I wondered whether to place an encouraging hand on her knee as she drove into the darkness but decided that if she wasn’t expecting me to touch her, it might cause an accident.

“I really need to pee,” Suzanna said suddenly. They were the first words either of us had uttered since we’d left the gym car park.

“I think there’s a garage just up here,” I said, trying to be helpful.

“I don’t want to pee in a garage. I want to pee on you.” Her eyes were straight ahead on the road. Her face expressionless.

“Oh!" I said, gripping my hands tightly. When had my life become so unpredictable and dangerous? I had taken a ride with a woman I barely knew to who-knows-where and who was now admitting that she wanted to pee on me. She’d been thinking about peeing on me. It was dangerous - but just the right side of dangerous. “OK,” I said, trying to sound like I wasn’t finding the idea of someone peeing on me slightly traumatic.

I’d seen Suzanna pee. It was hard and fast. We’d sneak into a stall together, she’d let me sit down and then she’d sit on top of me and her pee would run down over me, over my stomach and pussy.

It’d be interesting. Rude, yes; but interesting and maybe fun for both of us.

We pulled into a layby. There were no cars, no people, no nothing. I realised it wasn’t going to happen as I had imagined and my confidence instantly shattered into little pieces. “This is where you’re taking me?” I asked in a quiet voice.

“No - a gorgeous little thing like you? I’m taking you home. I just can’t wait. Are you going to let me have my wicked way with you?” That was exactly what I had committed myself to and I instantly unbuckled my seatbelt. I wanted to try everything on offer, even if I didn’t like the outcome.

“Where do you want me?” There was no pretense that this was red-hot sex. It was just two women whose fantasies had become entwined. It had been a co-incidence that Suzanna had seen me wetting myself. Now she wanted to do the job for me. I crouched down next to the car and peered into the darkness as Suzanna wriggled her clothes free.

It was dark, too dark to really see the arc of urine - but it was there, filling the space between Suzanna’s pussy and my tits. There was a sense of movement and then my top was wet and sticking to my skin as hot pee streamed down my body. It was shocking. What had happened to Karen, the model citizen? Where had this Karen come from; the one who had naughty ideas and acted on them? Who inspired naughty ideas in others and acted on those as well? How had I become the kind of girl who granted kinky sexual favours?

What I did next was a sexual favour for both of us. I faked enjoyment and as soon as I did, I started enjoying it. As Suzanna pissed on me in the darkness, I concentrated on the warmth that she was giving to me. I groaned, and grabbed my boobs through the soaked material of my top and squeezed them. It felt good and another moan came out, much louder and hungrier than I had intended.

Suzanna took this as an invitation and she stepped forward. A new jet of urine hit my chin and traced up to fire briefly between my open lips. The world paused as I squatted by the side of the road with another woman’s urine in my mouth. She’d seen it go in and I heard the gasp as she waited to see what I would do.

I didn’t want to swallow it but knew that I might regret the opportunity forever if I didn’t. I swallowed... and I absolutely loved it. Not that it tasted good. It didn’t. It wasn’t the worst thing I’d ever tasted - I’ve had some really bad Chardonnay in my time - but it wasn’t the taste that was important. Swallowing Suzanna’s piss by the roadside made me feel like a slut. And feeling like a slut was unexpectedly exciting. Sluts don’t care about social niceties - they exist to take pleasure anywhere and any way they can.

I was Suzanna’s slut, to do with as she chose. However humiliating her sexual suggestions might be, I decided to follow them. The first act wasn’t even her suggestion - I leant forward and licked her pissy pussy clean. Suzanna jumped at my touch, before returning, winding her fingers into my hair as I licked.

It reminded me of an oyster as I pressed my mouth against Suzanna’s pussy. My heart pounded as we were illuminated by the headlights of a passing car. It was a quiet road - was it someone from the class? Had they seen the car; had they seen us? I might have passed unrecognised with my face pressed against a woman’s crotch, but it would have been impossible to miss our instructor standing against her posh car. I was torn between a sensible, earnest desire to get out, to get away and the slutty need to obey the soft pressure of Suzanna’s fingers, which were securing my mouth in place.

I didn’t know what I was supposed to do, and perhaps Suzanna sensed that it was going to be a fruitless exercise. She pushed me away and indicated that we should get back in the car. “Do you need to pee before we go?” she asked, nodding at my crotch. I nodded. “Good,” she said. “You’ve seen me twice, it seems only right that I should get to see you go - properly this time. Come-on over here, into the light.”

Suzanna pulled me over to the front of the car and I squatted a little way from the car, facing the twin headlights. Everyone would be able to see me, but the only one who counted was Suzanna. “Pull your jeans down, but leave your knickers on.”

I followed the instructions, revealing pink satin panties. They were pretty and way too good for what I was about to do to them. I pushed down and felt my pee escape. My panties bulged, before the colour darkened as they absorbed my urine. The wet material clung to the outline of my pussy, defining its contours with frightening clarity in the stark illumination of the headlights.

My bashful bladder refused to cooperate, refused to produce another stream of pee. I took two fingers and rubbed my pussy through the wet underwear. The flesh was amazingly tender and there was a throbbing ache as my bladder started to empty again. Suzanna gasped as the flow reached its maximum and pee flooded in all directions - including up into my vagina.

The dirtiness of what I was doing made me want to masturbate. I could have had a wonderful orgasm right there in that layby if only Suzanna had told me to do it. As it was, she told me to take my jeans and piss-wet knickers off, and made me sit on a towel half naked. I looked at myself in the mirror and smiled. My hair had been plastered flat against my neck and there appeared to be a ‘V’ sweat stain on my top - except it wasn’t sweat, it was Suzanna’s piss.

I was smiling when she got back in the car and looked over at me. “Forget you umbrella?” she asked, with a teasing smile.

“Something much better than that!" I replied. I could still taste her. Much better than Chardonnay.

I was shivering by the time we got back to Suzanna’s house. “How about you have a shower and then I’ll show you how to lick pussy properly.” It wasn’t a dig; it was a promise of good things to come. Suzanna guided me to the shower and I heard another pump flare to life from an ensuite. Is this really going to happen? I felt the determination washing away as I soaped myself clean, as though the lesbian intrigue and fun of the pee play was being washed down the plug hole along with the dried secretions.

Trying to get the momentum going again, I stepped from the cascading water and peed again, watching as the piss tumbled impatiently down my thighs and splashed over my feet. The spark of naughtiness returned, and I decided that it would be extra slutty to abandon the towels in the bathroom and wander around Suzanna’s house naked. I wondered about unclosed curtains and watching neighbours, but did it anyway.

Suzanna was fully reclined on her white bed sheets. She looked up, smiled and raised an eyebrow. “Nice” she said.

“Thank-you,” I said, giggling nervously as I approached the bed and sat where I had been instructed. I ran my hand over Suzanna’s thigh and up over her stomach, which felt surprisingly muscular beneath her feminine curves. She had better abs than most of the men I’d dated. “Someone’s been working out,” I said admiringly, with a careful smile.

“I do a lot of crunches,” she said. “They’re great for core strength.” I felt my own flat belly tense, knowing that I was soft and weak by comparison.

“Can I?” I asked, steering my hand up towards Suzanna’s breast.

“Please,” she said. “Try to relax, you don’t need to ask permission to touch me!”

“Oh, sorry,” I murmured, not listening as I squeezed her tit in my hand. Suzanna gasped but I recognised the sound and didn’t consider stopping. She wanted me to continue. I felt a funny twinge of excitement.

“Are you ready?” Suzanna asked. To let a woman lick my pussy - no!!

“Yes,” I said, relinquishing my body to her. It felt strange to give up control of my pleasure to another woman as she maneuvered me on the bed. A light breeze ghosted over my pussy -Suzanna’s breath and then she tipped her head down. Adrenaline flooded my body as her lips brushed against my pussy. I squirmed, knowing that I had crossed a boundary - in my own mind at least - by letting her touch me down there.

My body tensed and she backed off, kissing and licking my inner thigh. But she was there, close, getting familiar with me; nearing my pussy again.

Her mouth was over my pussy and as my groin thrust up, her lips touched mine. Delicious tremors raced through my nervous system, reporting the delicacy and soft warmth of Suzanna’s mouth on my pussy. It felt right somehow. Suzanna didn’t back away this time and I gasped as her tongue tickled its way inside me.

“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” I whispered to myself, closing my eyes as if afraid that I might wake from this wonderful dream. And it felt like a dream as my heart pounded and my pussy throbbed. I pushed against Suzanna’s tongue as she licked high and low within the soft wetness of my pussy. I wanted her tongue on my clit and pushing against the entrance to my vagina - and everywhere in between - all at the same time. Somehow, she seemed to do it all.

It shouldn’t have been possible for her to do it, but she did. Her tongue danced, crisscrossing over my exposed flesh. There was no shuffling, no unsure prodding as with a man going down on me for the first time; Suzanna’s tongue was quick and decisive; it made my pussy crackle with pleasure. My head was pushing into the soft pillows; my back was arching and I had two handfuls of Suzanna’s thick sheets.

A knot of something quite wonderful was gathering in my belly; the inner glow of an orgasm. ‘Give it to me, Suzie,” I thought. ‘Make me come.’ I wondered about her past, about the other women she’d done this to; the other girls she had licked in this bed. Had she pissed in their mouths too? What would she do if I pissed in hers?

That thought made me catch my breath and my orgasm spluttered into existence. It almost misfired but the sheer dirtiness of my imagination and the skill of Suzanna’s mouth gathered the contracting muscles and ordered them into something spectacular. “Oooooh fuck!” I gasped, and Suzanna stabbed two fingers into my twitching twat. She understood my need to have something to squeeze down on, and my pleasure blossomed.

She rode my hips as they jerked and jumped, scrambling my thoughts. A woman was giving me an orgasm; and not just any woman - my dance instructor. My heart pounded, and my mind filled with a jumble of confused thoughts.

“You’re thinking too hard about something!" Suzanna chided. I was startled by how easily she could read me.

I looked deep into her eyes, trying to read her. “How do you know that?”

“I can just tell. What is it?”

“Honestly?”

“No, lie to me.” Her tone was light and amused. “Of course honestly.”

“What we just did. Does that make us...” I bottled out of asking the real question. “Does that make me a lesbian, or bi-sexual or something?”

“I hope so,” she said, her face breaking into an
enormous grin. We lay back, side-by-side, holding hands, nothing more.

“Don’t I need to return the favour, or something?” I asked. It was easier with a guy: you just kept going until his cock stayed soft. I couldn’t tell what state Suzanna’s pussy was in from up at the top of the bed, and wasn’t sure about the etiquette of using my fingers to explore.

“That’s sweet," she said. “But I did myself while I was doing you. I’m too sore to do anything now, but don’t worry, I’ll give you plenty of opportunity to repay your debt,” she said, with a sly wink.

###

I had thought that I was too excited to sleep but the next thing I knew I was waking up to morning sunlight. I wondered for a moment whether the whole thing hadn’t been a dream. I was still in the bed that I remembered sharing so spectacularly with Suzanna, but she wasn’t in it. I stretched luxuriously, and reflected that the feeling, the need for my body to unwind indicated that it was not just well-exercised and well-rested. There was another level to the satisfaction my body was feeling that morning, one that made me want to purr like a cat; my body was radiating with the afterglow of truly great sex.

It was Friday morning and I realised that I was due at work in 45 minutes. Suzanna returned, naked, carrying a breakfast tray. “Phone in sick,” she said “please. I’ve already left a message with my secretary.”

“What should I say?”

“Oh, just tell them the truth: say that you think you’re coming down with something. You certainly will be going down on ‘something’ if you stay.” Suzanna brought her leg up by her ear and spread her pussy for me. I saw the glint in her eye and started dialing, setting myself up for a day of ridiculous possibilities.

