More thoughts about my “first time”

Author: Fluidity (1999-05-09 at 16:08) #34514

After some time to contemplate last Friday afternoon's incident, I must add some details; if I can't add such details here, where, then?

Thanks to all of your kind words. Even though this isn't “my thing” I've played with the idea enough that I didn't think I was entering uncharted territory. In fact, I will admit that when it was clear that I would never make it home, I almost willingly acquiesced to fate.

After Kitten's warnings, I feared the worst when I visited my car this morning, nearly 40 hours after the incident. Even though it has been cold and rainy in NYCity, with humidity very high making evaporation more difficult, the seat seemed entirely dry to the touch and there was no smell at all. This leads me to believe that I will be able to drive my rider to work tomorrow morning without having to explain the stench in the car nor my sitting on a plastic bag.

I'm guessing that Kitten's experience was with a woman's very full bladder, and mine was with a middle-aged male's not nearly as voluminous bladder.

Another anatomy factor: When a woman is seated she is sitting directly over her pee-hole. Her urine discharges directly into the seat with her panties little help and her skirt or even jeans getting wet only by osmosis.

My male little friend was pointing up well up along my belly (no tumescence at all; it would have been welcome as it might have helped me hold for a bit longer; frankly recent sexual activity left my sphincters considerably weakened - I have noticed this many times in the past).

Consequently, my stream most directly soaked the front of my heavy jeans and my shorts (much more absorbant than a woman's panties). As I continued to empty, the warm fluid seeped downward soaking my jeans. I think that a considerable amount of absorption took place into my jeans, leaving relatively little to reach the fabric seat of my car. Yes, the seat of the car was wet but it was not so devastatingly soaked as if Kitten had been there (pleasant thought).

The act itself brought considerable relief, much sought relief. I did not try to rub myself to stem the flow. I didn't think it would help much; if my sphincters could not hold for 20 minutes, playing with myself wasn't going to work. When I thought that I could release a squirt or two and then hold, I recalled vividly that I had asked many women precisely why they were not able to do that. My previous experience with squirting found me able to clamp down after a few squirts. When I tried to do that Friday I found the relief of release totally uncontestable. After the two squirts I did not even try to clamp down; I relaxed with the bliss of relief.

However, I must admit that I will not willing do this again. It was an experience I am glad that I lived through, but once is enough. What I wonder and still can not answer: will this experience make me so sympathetic to the similar plight of the opposite sex that the sexual charge I am hardwired to receive when reading a good story or report of a woman's getting caught short will be diminished. I look forward to reading the next good report which will test my new status.

