EMMA’S MOST EMBARRASSING MOMENT

Author: William Abbott

The last story, “Walking Her Home,” got a number of comments like, “What about writing it from her side? Challenge, much?”

I'm always up for a challenge! I guess I did a creditable job here, since several of the comments for Emma's version were addressed to her by people who seemed to think she was a real person and that she'd been the one to write the story. “You are so lucky”, one of them said. "He's a keeper. Hang on to that one, you don't get any gentlemen anymore.”

I'll take that as a compliment.

What was that? You want to know my most embarrassing moment? Of my whole life? Hmmm. There have been a few. Actually.. .oh God. Now that I think about it, there’s no question. It would have to be a time back when I was in grad school. I was, like, 27 years old, and I had a brand new boyfriend and—ahem—he was walking me home from work and I wet my pants.

Yeah. He was a real sweetheart about it. Actually, even more than sweet. He was... OK, I don’t understand this at all, but there are some guys who are, you know... I mean, I didn’t know this about him at the time. I had no idea. I’d never even heard of it before. But I figured it out pretty quick when...

OK. Wait. Let’s start at the beginning.

I was waitressing to pay for school, and I’d worked my way up to assistant manager at this little brew pub by the town square. Nice place. But that night, I remember I was working the four-to-closing shift, and about two hours before closing, the bathrooms broke. It was—don’t ask. I had the guys in there with plungers, but they only managed to flood it worse.

So anyway, it’s hot in the restaurant, and I always drink lots of water to stay hydrated. It gets busy sometimes and it’s hard to find time to go pee, but it’s usually not a big problem. But that night, I already had to go pretty bad when the bathrooms went down. I was OK for a while. I didn’t think they’d be out of commission for very long. In the end, we had to call a plumber the next day, and it was a whole big deal. But at first, I wasn’t worried. And then it got longer and longer and I was pretty uncomfortable, but still, I was OK as long as I kept moving.

We started warning people as they came in that there weren’t any restrooms available, but it still stayed pretty busy. We had a few customers looking kind of uncomfortable by the time they left. After an hour or so, my whole lower abdomen was in pain; I had to go so bad. I have no idea how the other waitresses were doing. Or the guys, for that matter. But I could still hold it. It was just, you know. Will power. You know you can’t go, so you just will your bladder to relax and stretch a little bit more, and it does.

By closing time, I was dying. I was just wishing those last couple of customers would hurry up and get the Hell out. Finally they did, and William showed up to walk me home, but it’s not like I can just up and leave. I’ve got to race around making sure everything’s set for closing and everybody knows what to do.

So I’m making my last notes in the log book and I happen to mention to William that I’m absolutely dying to go pee, and he goes all stiff and awkward all of a sudden, like he’s really embarrassed to know that I have to go to the bathroom. I figure, OK, some people don’t know how to deal with that. Like it’s a taboo subject or something. I didn’t get what was really going on with him until later.

Anyway, we step outside and it’s cold. I mean, this is still October, so it’s not freezing. It’s probably fifty out, but I’m wearing this little mini-dress and I don’t have a coat or anything, so it’s chilly enough that I’ve got goosebumps. And walking out from the warm, stuffy restaurant into the cold—you know how that is. Especially with so much bare skin. All of a sudden, it’s all I can do not to piss on the sidewalk right there. So I cross my legs, and I snuggle up to William for warmth, and I tell myself it’s only about a ten minute walk to get home. I’ll just have to wait. And it’s not like I can do anything about it, anyway. I mean, what? Go around back and take a leak behind the dumpster? I don’t think so.

There’s NOTHING I can do about it.

So we’re walking, and walking helps. But then we get to the crosswalk. And there’s just no way I can stand still. I’m pacing up and down, and hopping and jumping and dancing all around like a ballerina, and that’s when I’m first starting to worry that I might actually not make it. Ten more minutes was suddenly seeming like a very long time. And poor William, he’s just standing there trying to look all cool and nonchalant, but I can tell he’s kind of freaked.

So finally the light turns, and then I’m running and skipping across the street, with William trying to keep up. We cut diagonally across the square to get to my street, and it’s pretty dark. It’s this big, open space with grass and a few trees. There’s not really any cover and there are still people around, so there’s no way I would really do it, but my mind just kept picturing finding the darkest shadows and...you know. But I’m in this little micro-mini-dress, and there’s no way I could do anything without being totally obvious.

And I’m in agony by now. I keep flashing on the thought that, if only I weren’t wearing panties, I’d... Oh God, I can’t believe I’m telling you this. But, standing up, I’d just go. I mean, just go stand near a tree or something and let go, pee like a guy. I even start imagining how I could sneak my panties off. Reach up under my skirt just enough to tug them down, let them drop to the ground and put them in my purse or something. Of course there’s no way. I’m already feeling kind of half-naked, squirming around in that dress in the open in the middle of town. And there’s William...

If I’d been by myself, I swear, half way across the square I’d have given up. Just peed in my panties and not worried about it. I was that desperate. But William was there. And I was really grateful to have him walk me home. It felt a lot safer, walking around at night, having him with me. But it meant I couldn’t hide, not even if I found the darkest, blackest shadow. There was nothing, just nothing I could do but hold on for all I was worth until I got home.

I’m, like, literally holding onto my crotch with both hands by the time we get across the square. It’s embarrassing as Hell. Then, we’re walking down my sidewalk and I...I start to leak. I’m losing little spurts into my panties as I walk, and I have to stop and cross my legs to make it stop, and I’m almost crying from, you know, just from the effort. And poor William, he just has no idea what to do, and I keep thinking, God, why does this have to happen in front of him?

So finally we get to my house. Yes, I made it all the way up to my house. And I run up the steps, and the front door’s locked, of course, so I’m digging in my purse for my keys, and you know how it is when you have to go really bad and then you see that you’re almost there? Well, maybe you don’t know. But I think I still would have made it. Except the other thing that happens when you have to go really bad is you get clumsy. And I dropped my purse.

And...

And then it happened. I, you know, just, totally started peeing down my legs and all over the porch floor. Wet myself right in front of

William. And I just closed my eyes to block out the whole world and wished the Earth would open up and swallow me. And I think I did start to cry.

And then William took in his arms. And I’m thinking, “No, no, go away. Oh Christ, I have to stop peeing, I’m going to get him wet,” only I can’t stop, and then...

OK, like I said, I don’t understand this. But he... He kind of pushed his knee between my legs so I couldn’t help...you know. Pissing all over him. And then I suddenly noticed that he was totally turned on. I could feel him...feel his... And then he’s kissing me and groping me all over, and I’m...

I mean, I like it. But I’m still peeing this whole time. And I can tell, he’s getting completely soaked.

And then...

I don’t get it. But he was so turned on, he... He really... He came in his pants. Just holding me. And I mean, I’m still peeing.

So, finally I, you know, finished. And he’s like, gasping for breath and looking like he can barely stand up. And both of us are just completely mortified, to the Nth degree. And we look at each other, and we’re, like, “Did you...? Was that...?”

And then, oh my God, the fucking porch light comes on, and my roommate and her boyfriend come waltzing out onto the porch, and her boyfriend’s, like, “ Whao! What happened here?” And I’m thinking, “Nothing, never mind, I’ll just go slit my wrists now. I’ll just go crawl in a hole and die.” And William, bless him, says it was him. And I look at him and I realize that he’s the one with wet pants, and I... I mean, my crotch is dripping and my legs are cold and wet, but my dress came through unscathed and nothing shows. And my roommate and I do the “Hi, how are you? Going out, see you tomorrow,” while I feel like I’m just going to implode with embarrassment. And then they left.

And William. Oh my God, what a sweetheart.

