College Campout

Author: Holditin

At my college I had to take a variety of elective classes for credit purposes. One class required an overnight camping trip - a battle with the elements, if you will. The whole class had to meet at 7 am to load up the buses with our gear, and while we were doing so I noticed a group of four girls not helping, but rather talking amongst themselves in low tones while finishing large cups of coffee. One of the girls, Marcy, was a girl I had become good friends with throughout the class, so I went over to see what was the matter with them. 

“Hi Brian!” she said to me as I walked towards them. I said hi and she introduced me to her friends - Claudette, a brunette with curly locks, Nicole, a girl of Eastern European descent with dark hair, and Liza, an African American girl who was the tallest of the bunch. Marcy, a redhead who was also the bustiest of the four, kept talking to me about this and that, and finally I asked them why they were standing and talking quietly instead of helping to pack. 

“Oh, we were just complaining that this camping trip will probably be filthy. We aren’t gonna settle for anything less than a clean bathroom,” Marcy told me. It was true, in all the time I had known Marcy at college, I had never seen her excuse herself for the bathroom. In fact, during this class, which sometimes lasted over 3 hours and was many students’ last class of the day, I hadn’t seen any of these four ladies leave for a restroom visit. “But girls,” I asked, “What will you do if in fact the toilets in the bathhouse are very dirty, as I suspect they will be?”

“We all took a pee this morning at 6 am at the dorms, so we are prepared to hold it as long as is necessary,” Nicole told me. Surely, I thought, they won’t last through the entire trip dryly, but I kept those thoughts to myself. Our female teacher arrived just late, hurrying in clutching a full large coffee while throwing out a second, empty coffee cup, and soon she had finished that and was ready to get us all on our way.

We boarded the bus to leave, and in an instant the girls had procured water bottles from their bags. Liza's was larger than the rest, at 1 liter, while the rest were just half a liter, but then she took longer to finish it then the others. I saw that a few other girls had done the same, and our teacher also had a 1 liter bottle like Liza and was making quick work of it. The five of us talked and laughed during the bus journey of 2 hours, and the girls quickly began to trust me and treat me as a good friend. At just after 9 am we reached the campgrounds, out in the forest in the middle of nowhere. The bus had pulled over and we would have to hike another hour to reach our site. Our teacher was stepping off the bus when a girl approached her, “Miss, that bus trip was much too long for me! Tell me, where are the bathrooms so I can pee!” 

The teacher, Mrs. Joan Witherite, was a sporty woman in her late 20s who like some college professors just went by her first name, laughed at her, “Oh Cammy, we will not have bathrooms on this trip, for I was told just before leaving that the bathhouse is in terrible condition, so I had us rerouted to another campsite. Alas, this one does not have any bathhouse at all, so you will need to go outside where ever you can.” My girls had surprised expressions on their faces hearing this, and the desperate girl struggled for a minute before disappearing behind a bush to take her relief. “Will you all be ok with this new predicament?” I whispered to Marcy, but she brushed me off, “Yes, yes, it won’t be a problem. We four always wait for long times.”

Joan pulled from the bus a pair of large coolers packed to the hilt with drinks, and she bade us to take something if we needed it before the long hike, grabbing a large bottle of lemonade for herself. Without a thought everyone in the trip took a bottle of something or other. I, Marcy, and Nicole had lemonades, Claudette took another water, and Liza helped herself to an iced tea. We drained our beverages and began the hike, and I volunteered to drag one of the coolers to help Joan. Also that let me see if any of the girls needed more drinks for filling up, but I kept that ulterior motive to myself. Surprisingly Joan was the first to take another drink, having a water to top off her lemonade. It was barely half an hour when Claudette came up to me and took a second water, telling me she was on a liquid heavy diet and that it was good for her skin. I guessed she had a very large bladder to cope with such a diet and still not pee in classes.

More girls and guys dropped to the back of the pack intermittedly to get more drinks, and after 45 minutes of hiking one of the girls broke loose from the pack, went behind a tree, and took a short relief still in partial view of the hiking party. This was too much for one guy, and soon he did the same. After an hour, Liza came back to get a bottle of fruit juice, and just after that we reached the campsite. Joan organized everyone and began the process of unpacking and setting up our tents and equipment, and from the corner of my eye I saw Liza tilt back her head and chug the remains of her fruit juice so she wasn’t carrying it around while helping. 

It took us almost an hour to set everything up, until 11 am, and it was such hard, thirsty work that every single person there took another beverage of some sort, including the four girls I was keeping a watchful eye on! They had drunk the most of anyone thus far, but none of them looked close to needing a relief. They laughed and chatted normally, but when I came up and jokingly put my hand on Claudette’s lower midriff, it was firm. So they were perhaps not immune to the urge to pee, but well-trained to cope with it. 

Other girls and boys were now running off to pee with the work complete, so I took the chance to ask my four, “Girls, it has been some hours for you now and there is a chance to take relief. Are you going to?” But they turned their noses up at me and Nicole said, “Are you crazy? We went already this morning at 6! Surely you don’t think we’ve filled up now?”

“Yes, I feel empty as I did before we left,” Marcy told me, and Claudette and Liza nodded in agreement with her. I remembered the feeling of Claudette’s hard bladder and thought otherwise, but kept those thoughts inside. None of the four looked any worse for wear, so perhaps they really had such expandable bladders that all the drinks had not made much of an imprint yet.

Joan was clutching another liter bottle of water as she bade everyone to take a rest for a while, and I realized our teacher hadn’t been off to relieve herself either. Unfortunately, I was in a bad state by this point, so I left the girls briefly to avail myself to the woods. After my one minute pee, I came back to find Marcy drinking a can of soda and Liza drinking a bottle of iced tea. These big bladdered girls were really just living and acting as if a pee break was not something they would ever need. Around noon Joan went to the center of the camp and announced that it was time to cook lunch, so she needed some volunteers. I saw her pitch her empty water bottle away as she asked, and soon multiple boys and girls were at her side to help her cook for the class.

We had a rudimentary meal of hot dogs and hamburgers, but this meal included yet another half liter bottle of water for each of my four girls, and one for Joan as well. By the time lunch was finished, I could see the bladders of Marcy, Nicole, Claudette, and Liza beginning to bulge, since they were all wearing midriff-revealing tops, but none of them looked worse for wear because of it. Claudette even went back to the coolers to pick up one more bottle of water “for her diet”. As she returned and started drinking it down, Marcy made a comment, “Hope you don’t rupture your bladder with all you’re drinking.” Claudette gave her a look, “Oh, yeah right. You’re the one whose been topping off liquids like crazy. I’m used to holding it with this diet.”

Joan returned to the center of the campsite to announce that we would start with some activities shortly, so if anyone needed a “comfort break”, now was the time to get it. I had some pee in me, so I went, along with seemingly half of the class, but of course my four girls brushed off the opportunity, while Joan strode over to the far side of the camp to ready the activities. When I returned everyone separated and began going to the different stations Joan had set up for us. There were a few sports we could play, ranging from soccer to badminton to horse shoes, as well as lessons Joan was leading about how to tie different types of knots in rope for different situations. 

Some of the students were just relaxing in their tents, but most participated without question. It was difficult for me to keep track of all the girls when they were split up like this, but I managed, with the result that I was pretty bad at whatever activity I tried since I wasn’t always paying full attention. But that was a price I was willing to pay.

The activities lasted throughout the afternoon. Around 3 pm I was next to Claudette as she drank down another water bottle, and with a clear bulge in her abdomen she confided in me, “God, this liquid diet is really killing me today. It’s a good thing I’m used to holding in my pee!” Soon after I ran into Marcy playing horse shoes while crossing her legs slightly, and she told me, “I’m uncomfortable, but it’s manageable. I’ve lasted hours longer than this before, after all.”

Just after 4 I found Liza and Nicole after a game of volleyball, and they laughed and joked to me that it was hard to play with so much piss stored up in them. “It’s not easy to bend over to bump the ball when your bladder is like this!” Liza said, lifting her shirt so I could see the totality of her bladder bulge. “Or like this!” Nicole added, dropping her pants ever so slightly to show her own impressive roundness. An hour after that I noticed our teacher Joan was sipping from a bottle of iced tea while teaching the rope tying class. It seemed she was drinking something or other for the whole afternoon.

Finally at 6 we all met back at the campsite’s center for dinner. Nicole volunteered to help Joan and others with the cooking this time, while I sat with Marcy, Liza, and Claudette, three ladies who were not so calm anymore. They still didn’t appear desperate, but they were bursting with piss. The drinks of the day had filled them more than expected, and after 12 hours all of them were uncomfortable to still be without a relief break. Soon Nicole returned with food for us all and drinks clutched in an extra bag, and she told us, “It’s not easy to concentrate on cooking with a bladder this full!”

“Tell me about it,” Marcy said tensely. “Girls, I thought you were all used to lasting all day. Tell me you are not about to give in?” I asked. They were all irritable from the loads in their giant bladders, but Liza shook her head, “I am not peeing out here. I am used to waiting, so I will just cork it up.” The others nodded in agreement as everyone took their food and drinks and began the meal. I had no such pride about waiting for relief, so as soon as the dinner was done, I went with some others and took a much needed pee. On my way back I passed Joan, and in her form-fitting track pants I could see her bladder was bulging so far out it was nearly like she had a soccer ball in there. Yet she still talked and acted normally to the students, conveying not a hint of desperation in her tone or movements. I realized I had not seen her take even a single pee break today despite drinking so much more than everyone else, and now I began to wonder how long she would last as well.

As the evening wore on I needled the girls about their before bed pees, talking about what gushers they would surely be after so long without. They were all seriously full now, not talking as much and trying to restrict their movements, so I assumed the end of their mammoth holds were inevitable. Then Liza surprised me by saying, “You’re crazy if you think I’m pissing out here. I will keep myself pressed shut until morning.”

“Yes, this pressure will just have to be contained through the night,” Nicole added. I looked at the girls incredulously, “If that is true, then all of you will be going 24 hours without a single pee! Is that even possible??”

“It has been done before. My bladder is still strong and will wait,” Marcy said with pride, and the other girls quickly agreed with her.

Soon it was time to retire for the night. Instead of everyone bringing their own tents, Joan had arranged for the class to have a total of five large tents spread out across the camp. Because she trusted us as college students, all five were coed, much to my delight. I saw Joan walking normally towards the nearest one with her abdomen sticking out many inches, still seemingly resisting the urge to pee in the forest without care. My girls were much worse off, groaning and walking with stiff legs to the same tent. Still, their resolve was apparently unbreakable, with Claudette even producing one final bottle of water from her rucksack for the sake of her famed diet.

“The things I do for fashion!” she said as she tipped the bottle back and drained it, rubbing her protruding abdomen with her free hand. We got into the tent, unfurled our sleeping bags, undressed to our underthings (which let me get a good peek at all the girls, because each of the four was wearing a skimpy thong panty), and slipped into the sleeping bags for a night of rest.

I was impressed with the girls, because they were all clearly squirming slightly in the sleeping bags and holding themselves intermittently, but none of them even considered getting up to take a much needed relief in the woods. Their swollen piss tanks continued to expand and store their long held waste water, with their nearly iron sphincters quivering but still holding strongly! I made a joke out loud about the girls hopefully lasting out the night dryly, and was met with four moans, but also four sharp rebuttals, as each was still confident of lasting the night even with their crazy liquid intake on the day. Somehow, despite the excitement of being surrounded by desperate massive-bladdered hotties, I managed to drift off to sleep.

The next morning I was awoken by Marcy hitting me good-naturedly in the arm. “Wake up, sleepyhead! We’re all getting dressed for breakfast,” she said with a wry smile. From her pleasant manner, the first thought I had was that she had finally given in and taken a piss, and I had missed it! Then I saw she was shifting from foot to foot while putting on her shirt, and noticed the melon-sized bump in her lower midriff, and I knew I was still in for a show. I glanced around and saw Liza, Nicole, and Claudette getting dressed as well, all in various states of desperation, and all sporting huge bladder bumps! They had to have increased in size by nearly 30-40% during the night, and I could scarcely believe that none of the girls were going out of their minds in desperation.

“My gosh, all of you sure did make it through the night after all!” I observed as I threw on some pants to hide my hardon. “Just like I said I would. I have a bladder of steel after all,” Liza told me, smirking even as she kept her legs crossed to throw on a shirt. “I don’t know why you doubt us when we can hold so much in,” Nicole added, snapping the button of her skirt directly onto her bulging bladder and only wincing at the additional pressure.

We finished dressing and went outside for breakfast with all the other students. Joan had her back turned to us, chatting with some of the other campers, and I thought for sure that she had at least taken a morning pee. Then she turned to greet us, and I was met by a bladder bulge so large it was absolutely magnificent. It was legitimately nearly basketball sized, and then I noticed that even Joan, apparently the most iron-bladdered of all, was crossing her legs now and again to fight the rising pressure. 

She still smiled and joked with the students, but despite her best efforts it seemed even she could not totally ignore her overfilled piss container. It was 8 am as we sat down to eat our meal, meaning my four girls had been controlling themselves with a massive load of drinks for 26 hours now! And even though they were doing some pronounced fidgeting while eating, all the girls drank down their beverages without another thought. At the end of the meal, Claudette and Liza even went back to the emptying coolers for more drinks, returning with a water and a fruit juice. Joan had three empty bottles of iced tea at her feet by the time she had finished her second helping, I noted.

I had no idea where that tea was going to go, because her bladder looked fit to burst!

We had only a few hours before it was time to break camp and head back to the college, so the girls and I busied ourselves with conversation. There were some long pauses throughout as the desperate maidens fought to control their aching sphincters for just a few hours longer. Near the end of the conversation, Nicole had to be standing constantly, while Claudette was drumming her feet up and down in rhythmic fashion. Still, the girls all lasted until 10 like that, even as I snuck away at one point to have my belated morning pee. Then we began to pack up, as the campsite had to be cleared by 11 am if we were to reach the noon bus on time. Joan was fidgety as she directed traffic from the center of the site, sweat clearly showing on her brow. But she remained as helpful and sporty as ever, helping where she could and answering countless questions with a smile on her face. 

I didn’t know how it was possible that her bladder didn’t irritate her, especially because I was with the four largest bladdered girls I knew, and they were all extremely uncomfortable, though somehow still in control. We were ready to depart just at 11, and I saw Marcy rub her totally swollen abdomen as we began our trek. As we walked, Liza would hold herself discreetly with one hand, needing the extra support to keep her bladder under control. Nicole was clearly experiencing waves of bladder desperation, as she would be fairly calm for five minutes, then dancing to hold for the next five. And Claudette could only hobble along, walking with her legs farther apart than normal in order to accommodate her gigantic bulging bladder. “It feels like a giant stone in my abdomen,” she said to me in a voice that still only conveyed mild annoyance.

At noon we reached the bus, and Joan pointed us to it while stepping in place, her urge reaching unbearable levels. She told anyone who needed to pee that they should do it now before the bus ride, even as she resisted her own interminable need. The majority of the students took her up on the offer, sprinting off to the woods for one final pee break, while my four girls and a few select others held off. My girls, with 30 hour bladders full to the point of bursting, walked into the bus as calmly as possible, but they all began to fidget uncontrollably when seated. Soon we were on the road, and to my astonishment Joan pulled out another bottle of water and began to drink it, jiggling her legs together the entire time. I spoke quietly to Marcy, so as not to be overheard by Joan, “Marcy, do you see? Joan has not been off to pee the entire time either, and yet she still drinks more! Surely she will burst soon, yes?”

“Who knows,” Marcy replied with gritted teeth, “It seems we girls with iron bladders can always wait longer, so who can say?” It didn’t seem like Marcy, or for that matter Liza, Nicole, or Claudette could wait much longer, but I took her word for it. After an hour their desperation was growing more pronounced, with Liza groaning, “God, I need to piss this all out soon! It’s just too much to hold!” She was fanning her legs in and out with rapid precision, but Claudette addressed her, “You have waited this long, Liza. I know you can hold it in still! Don’t give in!” Liza nodded and resumed her frantic squirming, slowly but surely getting her hurting bladder a bit more under control.

As we pulled into the parking lot at the college studies building we had departed from, the girls started going crazy with need from their 32 hour bladders. “Ooooh, I need the toilet! I need it so badly!” Nicole cried out, furiously rubbing her distended bladder. “My muscles are so tired from holding this long!” Marcy complained. I watched as Joan rose from her seat first, doubled over and clutched between her legs, then came down from the bus and stood beside it to wish all the students well on their day, sweat pouring from her as she pee danced to keep from bursting just these few minutes longer. Due to their situation, my girls were off the bus last, and as they made for the building to find the bathrooms, Joan whistled and stopped us all. 

“Would you like some extra credit?” she asked in a soft but excited voice, still pee dancing as she said it. “Please, be quick ma’am, I have never needed a toilet as badly as I need one now!” Marcy told her, grabbing her vagina in full view to hold on. “I noticed that you four girls refused to take even one trip to the woods to have a pee, while still drinking the most of any of my students/’ Joan told us all. “Well we can all hold it well enough, so there is no way we would end up peeing in anything but a proper toilet bowl,” Claudette said, beaming with pride despite her intense desperation. Joan nodded, “All of you will not have to attend my class at all in the future, and will be guaranteed an A, if you will only do one thing. Right now, come with me to the pub.”

“You mean....no peeing first??” Nicole asked incredulously. “Oooooh but it’s so bad!” Liza cried out. “It’s a one time offer,” Joan said firmly, doing her best to stand straight, but wiggling her legs all the same. My girls made eye contact and conferred amongst themselves for a minute, then Marcy said, “Ok, we’ll do it, because we are well-trained to hold on to our pee, even if it is not easy!” And so off to the pub we went, four girls on the verge of exploding, one teacher about to bust, and me.

When we entered the nearest pub, Joan ordered pints of beer for everyone and we found some large booth seating. The pints came and Joan said to everyone, “You four have done so well keeping it in throughout the trip. I do hope your bladders are big enough to handle some beer after all that.”

“I have never met anything my bladder couldn’t handle!” Nicole said proudly, and the other girls agreed, though they admitted they had never pushed themselves quite like this. The tension in the booth was evident and rising as the girls did their best to control their desperate urges longer. “What about you?" Liza asked Joan when they were halfway through their pints, “It seems you haven’t gone in just as long as us. Surely you must need it as well?’’ “It’s been longer!” Joan said to the shock of all of us, “Because, you see, I was late coming to the bus yesterday morning, so I did not have time for my morning pee. My last pee was the evening prior to that at 6 pm, and that pee was done only after 24 hours of teaching classes and pounding coffees til my eyes turned yellow. So for me it has been not 32 hours but 44 hours!”

“My gosh, don’t you have limits?!” Marcy gaped. Joan laughed and nodded, her feet tapping away on the cold pub floor, “Of course, and I am reaching them just like you, but I have trained to hold my pee for ages and still not go for my entire life, so even when I’m like a water balloon about to pop, like right now, I can behave normally and keep it in. I do believe my bladder is the biggest of any in this college area, and my sphincter is certainly the strongest!” The beers were finished and Joan quickly flagged down a waitress to order second pints for everyone, and an additional water for herself. Claudette also ordered one of those for her diet, and Marcy got one because she was not good at keeping sober with too much beer.

After the second pints and additional fluids, it was clear that all the ladies were hanging on by a thread. Only their immensely trained sphincters kept them from gushing on the pub floor. “Shall we all pee...?” Nicole sputtered to Joan. 

To her dismay, the sporty teacher shook her head, “No, unless you girls would like to give up and admit your bladders need a public loo after all these hours, I would like you to come to my house. When you get there, you can pee in whatever toilet you desire.” The girls looked at each other, grimacing mightily, trying to contain their bursting bladders longer. In the end, their pride won out, with Liza rising first, the rest quickly following, and all of us leaving the pub, STILL unrelieved, and hailing a pair of taxis from the sidewalk. We split into two groups, with Joan giving the address of her house to both. I was seated with Claudette and Marcy, both of whom were in dire straits. Having to sit up in the back seat of the taxi was nearly their undoing, but both held on in front of the tremendous pressure.

We reached Joan’s house by 3 pm, putting the girls at 33 hours without a piss and Joan at an incredible 45. I entered the living room last, coming face to face with five women clearly exploding with piss. Claudette and Marcy were seated on a sofa in the middle of the room, squirming madly. Liza was almost hopping around while standing by a window. Nicole was squatting on the floor, one hand on her belly and one on her crotch, sweating and looking totally pained. Joan was doing a full blown pee dance on the far side of the room, though she still somehow looked more in control than the other girls, despite containing 12 more hours of pee.

Their bladders had to be stretched to their absolute maximums, aching to blow out all the hurting piss at once in a hugely powerful jet. If each of these girls was not a total champion of holding their pee, the blissful release would have happened many untold hours ago. But with their pride and seemingly infinite capacity, the women were able to hold even this amount, withstanding agonizing bladder spasms and total desperation. 

However, their capacity was not infinite, and it seemed now that truly all of them were at the end of their tethers. I waited for the inevitable hiss of each bladder breaking in turn, but none came. Claudette finally managed to break the silence with a question for Joan, “Ok, ma’am. We’ve....we’ve made it this far. You said now we could use a toilet. Do tell us, where is your toilet?!?” 

Our confident teacher, at the far side of the room grabbing her vagina in desperation, managed a smile and replied, “Now this is where I have to admit something, girls. There is a secret to why I am able to hold on so long and so completely, despite such bursting, aching conditions and pounds of pee pressure battering my sphincter every second. I am like you all - prideful about peeing only in toilets. So when I designed my home, I purposefully left out that one thing from it. Thus I am always having to hold on to prevent an accident, though they do come, as even I cannot last forever. I apologize, but all of your pride will be broken today, because there is not a single toilet in my house.”

Now the girls became utterly frantic at this admission. Their sphincters were being pounded with 3 3 hours’ worth of boiling piss, and there was no acceptable place to let it out. They had no choice but to hold, but barely any bladder strength and capacity left with which to do so. In a mad sprint, all of them broke apart in search of a bathroom. Surely Joan must have been lying or exaggerating! But no, they found that she had told them the truth.

All the girls hobbled back to the living room, unrelieved and at their utmost limits. I had also gone searching, and returned along with them. Sitting on the couch was Joan, pouring out large cups of tea for everyone, somehow looking calm and in control. “Come on, girls, drink up! Don’t you want some tea?” she laughed, putting down the empty pot. “You peed, didn’t you?! Where did you pee?” Nicole shouted at her, seeing Joan be so relaxed. But Joan smiled wider, “Oh, no, you are mistaken. I am simply used to containing such a pressure, even if you girls are not!” Our teacher turned to the side, letting us see the positively massive bulging bladder she possessed. There could be no doubt that she was even fuller than at the pub, and easily the fullest of all the ladies.

Again Joan gestured to the tea, and with no other options, the girls sat and drank. But I noticed the tension in the room was increasing as the desperation of all the girls increased tenfold. To sit and drink more with bladders so near to total explosion was impossible, and yet all the ladies were trying to accomplish it. The tea was finished by all, but the pressure was unrelenting and continuing to mount. My girls’ exhausted sphincter muscles were clenching with their complete last powers to hold up against the tidal waves of piss crashing down on them. To hold such ungodly pressures with a fresh and unused sphincter muscle would have been nigh impossible, but to do it with aching, quivering, tired sphincters already pushed to their considerable limits for 33 hours. I didn’t know how the girls were holding on! They were in total agony as Joan laughed and sat with uncrossed legs, now in total control of her own 45 hour bladder.

Somehow an hour passed and everyone was still containing the oceans of piss built up inside them. Joan was not at jovial as she had been, looking more uncomfortable by the minute, but still she sat with only partially crossed legs and a 46 hour bladder. My girls with 34 hour overfull bladders were in the final states of unbelievable piss desperation. Whether or not any of them wanted to admit it, the piss had to come out! Suddenly I heard a hiss, faint for a couple seconds and then loud and absolutely powerful. I turned and saw that Nicole’s bladder had finally given up its fight. 

The girl was refusing to squat, but her sphincter had no strength left to clench with, and pee was pouring out of her at a rapid rate. The sight was far too much for Claudette’s bulging bladder to handle, and with a shriek her dam burst and pee flooded out of her and onto the floor. For the first time, her diet had gotten the better of even her incredible limits. Liza was shaking her head and grasping herself for all she was worth, but the torture had become too much. Piss splattered through her hands and onto the living room floor, flowing at such a rate that it was like her whole bladder wanted to empty at once. 

Only Marcy, Marcy who never peed, was left. She fought and fought and doubled her efforts and even doubled over with both hands on her crotch like a vice, determined not to join her friends in long overdue bladder relief. Never had she lost control of her bladder before. She had solved the toughest of situations with a smile throughout her life. Marcy tried to call upon every last reserve of bladder strength she had to hold back the lake that was threatening to burst from her aching peehole, but after 34 hours there were no reserves left. The sight of her three huge bladdered friends letting loose their piss all over the floor, as well as of Joan’s bladder of steel still holding firmly after 46 hours without a toilet, was finally too much for Marcy’s iron bladder.

Marcy screamed as her overworked sphincter lost its battle with her liters of pee, and she began peeing full force on the floor as well. I never thought I would see this day, but all of the girls with their massive bladders were unable to hold their pressing loads even a second longer. Four gigantic fountains of pee arched through the air as four massive bladdered girls took their unintended relief, and one woman, still with an iron bladder through it all, stood in the corner, watching and holding.

After perhaps 5 minutes, the pee streams began to die down. My girls were embarrassed and sad, but mostly just tired. Joan called for a cab to come and pick us all up and return us to the dorms. When the car arrived, the girls all left without incident. I hung back, and after they were out the door I asked Joan, “Can I stay here with you, Joan? I know you are really bursting, but after such an exciting time I am anxious to know how long you can really keep yourself contained. I'm sorry if I am asking for too much.” Joan smiled, now bobbing up and down with crossed legs. Her lack of desperation in the last hour had been an act, and to keep it up had pushed her to her very limits, but my teacher wanted to give me something to remember and vowed to push herself even farther. “Yes, you can stay and watch as I hold this to the end. Now go and brew me up another pot of tea. Let’s not make this too easy!” she said playfully, pushing me to the kitchen.

Epilogue

Joan polished off a full pot of tea throughout the course of the night. She also had the strength and composure to stand and cook us both dinner with a 50 hour bladder, and dinner was of course complemented by some large glasses of water. Joan refused to pee that night, even as her bladder expanded to mammoth proportions and her fidgeting became pronounced. Soon it was time to sleep, and Joan let me use her guest room before leaving for her own room. I managed to ask her if this was the end of it, but Joan assured me that she would last the night dryly, even as her watermelon-sized bladder protruded many inches from her. She went to bed with a 53 hour bladder. The next morning I saw her in the living room pee dancing for all she was worth.

“Good! You are finally up! I was getting worried that I would not be able to make it!” Joan cried, finally admitting the extent of her need. It was 8 am, which meant 62 hours without a toilet break for my sporty teacher. Her bladder by now looked like a beach ball, but was like iron to the touch. Even now, Joan did not complain about me touching it. I did not think Joan would ever reach her limits, but finally she did. Joan had vowed to me that she would hold until she physically couldn’t do it anymore, rather than give up and squat to pee, and at 10 am, after 64 hours and some more drinks with breakfast, Joan reached that point. Her squirming reached unforeseen levels and she put a death grip on her vagina, which was threatening to spurt at any moment. 

Joan’s highly trained sphincter muscle finally hit the wall of exhaustion, and with no strength left to hold back, Joan’s enormous bladder pushed out its flood for the first time in 2 and 1/2 days. Her desperation was so intense, and the pressure she was holding back was so unequivocally potent, that it took only a scant 2 minutes for her oceans of piss to spray out of her. I had never seen such a large, rounded jet of piss before in my life. When it was over, Joan lay still for a minute, dripping with piss and sweat, then got up, breathed, asked me if I had enjoyed the show, and led me to the door. As I left, my sporty teacher with the bladder of steel promised many more field trips if I took another of her classes next semester, and I knew there would be many more adventures to come!
