KIM AND MARIA DRIVE BACK FROM THE BEACH

Author: William Abbott

I've worried at times that my stories get a little repetitive. A beach. Two best friends. Cutoffs. A long drive. A college campus. How many of my stories have some combination of those elements?

But then, won't that be true of anything to do with sex? It's like, “Hi honey! What's for sex tonight?''

“Oh, I don't know. I thought I'd give us orgasms.''

"Orgasms again? Didn't we have orgasms last night?''

But my readers have never seemed to mind the repetitiveness. One of them commented about this story, "Amazing....that’s the only word that describes this story. Thank you very much! I loved the vivid detail...it was so realistic. That and I know a very sexy girl named Maria who looks a lot like the girl you describe. Man, how I’d love to see her desperate!”

Here they are—two women, driving back from a day at the beach. Scanty bathing suits, tanned salty skin glistening slightly with sweat, the top down, wind in their hair, sand between their toes, a long drive back with a long way left to go, and oh boy do they both have to pee.

In the driver’s seat today is Kimberly— blonde hair loose and blowing in the wind, generous round cleavage shiny with salt and sweat, and her bladder stretched like a birthday balloon. She’d been swimming in a one-piece Speedo and for the drive home she’s pulled on over it a pair of short, tight, and very frayed cutoffs and a billowy white gauze blouse that has tiny white buttons all down the front. She’s left the buttons open down past the low scoop neck of her suit so we still get an ample view of her full, round boobs, but there are still a dozen or more buttons that are closed. On her feet, she has just a pair of old sneakers. She’s been wriggling her hips for a while, as if trying to scrunch her butt down further into the seat, and now she’s beginning to scissor her legs a little, biting her lower lip and wishing oh please god for a rest area.

Next to her is Maria, tiny and petite with dark Mediterranean skin and reddish dark brown hair. Her bathing suit is a tiny G-string bikini, hardly more than a thong. She had lain baking in the sun for most of an hour after getting out of the water. When she put on flip-flops and an oversized tee shirt for the drive home, she made herself more comfortable by reaching up inside the shirt to unfasten the bikini top and slip it out through one of the armholes. Her breasts are small, barely a handful each, but you can see them sway, loose under the shirt, and her nipples poke out, small and stiff and dark under the thin white cotton. She’s been sitting with her bare legs tightly crossed for the last half-hour, more and more uncomfortable, and when Kim begins to describe her own increasing desperation, Maria gives in to the urge to uncross, press her fingers against her vulva, then cross her legs again with her hand squeezed between.

Maria imagines things that would normally never occur to her. There’s an empty bottle of Sobe juice in the cup holder. She once saw her boyfriend relieve himself into an empty Coke can in a similar predicament, and she envies now the versatility of his equipment. But this bottle has a wide mouth—a good inch or more— and if Maria were to slide her hips forward to the edge of the seat, pull the G-string to one side, and press the mouth of the bottle over just the right spot...if she were really good, she could maybe manage to empty her bladder without spilling a drop. She’s always imagined herself as having a bladder about the size of a teacup, but today it feels like she could fill that whole 24 oz. bottle. But the top is down on the convertible, and traffic has been heavy for the whole trip with tourists returning home after a weekend at the coast. She can’t possibly...she feels herself blush just at the thought of it. But still, if they don’t find a rest stop soon...what will she do?

Kim is having vivid fantasies about just pulling over to the side of the road. She’s only ever peed outdoors a couple of times in her life. It’s awkward and embarrassing and she always seems to dribble down her thighs. But she’s starting to seriously worry that she’ll pee in the car if they don’t find a place to stop, and this stretch of rural highway isn’t looking promising. If only she were wearing a skirt, then she really would stop. Stop very soon...like maybe right up there. If she had on a long skirt, she would sit down on the grass with it spread like a canopy around her. She could sit with her bare butt right against the earth, or maybe kneel and then sit back on her heels, maybe with her feet spread a little apart so that her hips rested her weight on her heels but her naked vulva hung exposed an inch above the ground. One or two of the tallest blades of grass might tickle her.

She would flood the ground with her piss, and even though the passing cars could see her, they might not realize what she was doing. Or.. .or.. .if it were one of her short pleated skirts, then it would be harder to be discrete. Under the best of circumstances, she always had to be careful how she sits, how she moves, in a really short skirt. Just picking a pencil up off the floor takes some thought if she doesn’t want everyone in the room to see her underwear, and for this she’d have to take her underwear off before getting out of the car. That would leave her feeling terribly naked of course. She’d smooth down the hem as she walked, but any small breeze could ruffle the skirt and expose her bare bottom to the whole world. And of course when she squatted in the grass to let go—Oh god, why am I thinking about this? I have to go so bad! — her bush would be right out there, totally exposed to whichever direction she was facing.

Kim scissors her legs a few more times. She tries to loosen her zipper to take some of the pressure off of her bladder, but with just one free hand she can only manage the button. She takes a handful of denim and tugs on it, hard, trying to pull it away from her swollen bladder but also digging it into her crotch, pressing tight, trying to hold her water. Don't think about it. Just don't think about it. Think about anything else. Maybe, if she were wearing a short skirt, she’d pee standing up.

Could that work? Just stand there behind the car and spread her feet wide apart and piss on the ground...or maybe piss against a tree trunk like her brother used to when they were little. Piss! I have to piss piss piss! But she can’t. Questions of female anatomy aside, she’s not wearing a skirt, or even just pants, she’s wearing a one-piece bathing suit under her clothes. If she’s going to pee—if she’s not going to wet herself—she’s going to have to take off her pants, take off her shirt, peel her bathing suit down from her shoulders, down off of her breasts, down past her belly, her hips, down off of her buttocks and around her thighs...she’s going to have to strip completely naked, and that means a bathroom or nothing.

Or she’ll wet herself, that is. It’s not a bathroom or nothing; it’s find a bathroom or she'll wet herself. Maybe she could just pull over and pee in the suit. If she took off her cutoffs first, they’d still be dry enough to put back on. She’d be uncomfortable, driving the rest of the way with a wet and squishy crotch, but she probably wouldn’t show. Much. Slither out of her cutoffs, and then squat. Or stand, or even just open the car door and sit her butt down on the running board, spread her knees, and let go, let her pee gush out through the spandex. Oh go, that would be heavenly.

A little spot at the very bottom of her suit would darken, then glisten, and then overflow like a waterfall. She can see in her mind’s eye the sunlight sparkling on it, glittering and tinkling, the puddle widening between her feet. Oh God, no way. She grinds one thigh against the other. Stop imagining these things or she really will piss herself right here in the car. Her knees open and close again, her hips squirm, she hangs on desperately.

Next to her in the passenger seat, Maria bounces up and down (her breasts jiggling under the tee shirt) and moans Oh God, I have to peeeeeeeeeeeeee...

Now they reach their exit, but there’s still no good place to stop. It’s after five o’clock on a Sunday and everything, even the gas station, is closed. Their house is still a half-hour’s drive away, but in only five minutes (if traffic is good) they’ll pass by the campus. There’s no question that they’re going to stop. The only question is if they’ll make it even that far.

Parking on campus is easy for once. The college is practically deserted, and the meter doesn’t even need coins on a Sunday. Although it was Kim who had been fantasizing about getting out of the car in a short skirt without any underwear, it is Maria who now seriously considers something like this. She’s been sitting with her legs crossed and re-crossed, her hand pressed right into her slit, pressed right up against the spot where she pees. How long can she hold on once she uncoils her body from around her bladder? And how long will it take to find a bathroom? Might it be prudent to leave the G-string behind? No, oh god no, what is she thinking? Like she could really walk around the campus in nothing at all but a tee shirt? Yeah, it’s a very big shirt on her, and she’d be covered... probably...but then what? Piss outdoors in the middle of campus? Or just walk around feeling completely naked looking for a bathroom? What if they had to stop and talk to somebody? No way. She just can’t.

Kim locks the car, her teeth gritted. She’s in pain by now, she has to go so bad. She could just pee in her pants. Or she can hold out for a bathroom, and maybe pee in her pants anyway. Bathroom. Oh god, please, let me hold it for just another minute. Or two. Or five. And let there be an open bathroom.

Now here’s an interesting question: If either one of them were alone, would she have made the same decision? Would Maria have done the unthinkable—walked out naked in her tee shirt and pissed in the grass in broad daylight in the middle of campus—if she thought no one would ever know? Would Kimberly have given up the struggle, just let go and wet herself right there next to the parked car, if Maria weren’t there to see? But they hold on, painfully full, muscles quivering with the effort. Kim takes Maria’s arm, and they set out at a brisk walk for the Student Union.

But what if it’s locked? Kim’s mind is completely focused on the effort of holding it in —please please please let me hang on just a couple of minutes more I don't want to wet my pants—but Maria’s imagination leaps ahead. It’s Sunday... classes haven’t begun yet.. .will the Student Union be open? She swallows and walks a little faster. Now Maria, too, is a little afraid of wetting herself —maybe right up there on the front steps of the Student Union, she’ll lose control and feel hot pee running down her thighs, see it make a puddle around her feet. She lets go of Kim and skips and wriggles as she walks. Her breasts jiggle and bounce under her tee shirt, her nipples dark under the thin white cloth.

Kim is frantic. She unfastens the snap at the top of her cutoffs, pulls the zipper down an inch or two. This relieves a little of the pressure on her bladder but also makes her feel even closer to wetting her pants. Hunched over, mincing her steps, she trots after Maria and together they hobble/run the last fifty yards to the Student Union. Maria would never pee in the bushes, even if were dark, but she looks longingly at them as they pass. Kim’s crotch feels hot as they run up the steps—is she leaking already? Oh, god, does it show? She hears Maria say God, I hope it's open and the look of horror on Kim’s face shows that until that moment, it hadn’t occurred to her that it might not be.

It’s open. They’re running through the front doors and across the lobby. Kim has grabbed the pockets of her cutoffs, and as they round the corner and start down the hall she is pulling hard on the denim, making it dig into her vulva. The closest bathroom on this floor is a single-seater, and as they run down the length of the hall, Kim begs Let me go first. I'm peeing in my pants already.

Maria’s eyes widen a little at the realization that she’ll have to wait another minute, but she clutches her vulva with both hands and nods OK.

They reach the bathroom, tumble through the door together. It’s a tiny room, tucked into a corner of the building so it’s an odd shape, almost triangular. There’s one toilet, a little cabinet, and a sink with a mirror over it. Art deco tile. Solid, durable, clean. Maria pushes the door closed behind them and throws the bolt, but even before it’s closed, Kim’s cut offs are falling to her ankles. Maria bends over double as Kim begins to undo the buttons of her blouse. The toilet is there, unoccupied, right in front of her, but Kim has first dibs. Maria crosses her legs, holding herself with her hands, and begs Hurry! Kim is dancing. Her cutoffs are lying on the floor, but she has to undo all those fiddly white buttons and take off her blouse before she can get out of her suit.

She stands on one leg, bobs up and down, almost loses her balance. How many buttons are there anyway? Maria hops from one foot to the other, then back again, her breasts swaying free and loose, her bladder in pain. Come on, Kim, hurry! I can't hold it! The toilet is right there in front of her, open. God, I have to go! Kim standing now with her legs crossed, bent over at the waist, her face showing the agony of the effort not to piss herself. Five buttons...six buttons... Her crotch feels hot again; she’s definitely leaking. Seven buttons... Maria, watching, stands on one leg and begs Come on, come on, I have to go too! and Kim breathes I am! Eleven buttons...twelve buttons... Maria clenches her teeth, closes her eyes, lets go a tiny whimper. I can’t wait! No time even to pull down her thong, she just tugs it to one side and sits on the toilet, peeing a little on the seat before she’s even in place.

The sound of her water is loud, a torrent pouring into the bowl, and the splashing sound echoes in the confined space of the little room. Fifteen buttons...last one now, sixteen! Kim shrugs the blouse onto the floor and peels the Speedo off of her shoulders, letting her breasts bob free, then slithers out of it altogether to stand naked. Her pubic hair is slightly darker than the hair on her head, but still blond. Tan lines show the edges of the suit’s coverage. She grinds one thigh against the other now, almost dancing, and pleads Maria, let me...I...I... but Maria flows unabated, a Niagara with no sign of let-up. She looks up at her friend, unable to stop. Kim’s crotch is right at her eye level, and she cannot help staring, watching for what seems inevitable. Her waterfall continues, unstoppable. Kim clutches herself, presses the fingers of both hands into the thatch of blond hair, feeling very naked there, just inches in front of her friend.

She bends over at the waist, straightens, then bends her knees. She hops up and down, her boobs bounce, and her fingers are wet. Please, she begs. Please please please... Maria says she’s sorry, she would surrender her seat if she could, but what has begun cannot be stopped. And it’s beginning to leak out between Kim’s fingers. A warm trickle down the inner thigh. Kim bites her lip, tries to staunch the flow with her hands, but now it’s a rivulet. Help me, but there’s no helping it. Naked. Beautiful. See her breasts, round and full, bouncing as she squirms. See her belly, her hips, the blond curls peeking out around her hands, the thighs grinding together, muscles tight under smooth tanned skin. See them wet, little rivulets meandering down from those soft and private folds. Maria thinks Maybe I can stop now, let

Kimberly go before I finish, but Kim is making desperate plans of her own. She steps over to the sink (squeezing off the flow for just a second) raises a knee to hook one leg over the corner of the sink and then scooches her buttocks up onto the edge. She holds back for just another second as she boosts herself up and back, hands gripping the sides of the sink, until her tailbone is almost up against the faucet. Then she spreads her legs wide and lets out a long breath, a look of intense relief on her face as she finally begins to pee in earnest.

Maria’s stream slows to a trickle, stops, then resumes in two or three short bursts, but Kim is still peeing and peeing and peeing, a quieter hiss that swirls around the sink to disappear quietly down the drain. As Maria stands to wipe herself dry, their eyes meet and they both giggle with embarrassment. Kim pees for even longer than Maria did—for minutes, it seems—and then hops down. (Just a single bounce this time.) They hug (Kim still naked) and then wet down some paper towels to clean up where they spilled and spurted and dripped and splashed.

Kim washes down her legs, wets down her crotch with fresh water, and then blots herself dry. As she’s pulling on her Speedo, she realizes she still needs to pee, and sits down on the toilet this time, suit around her knees, breasts still round and bare and yummy-looking. Finally, dressed again in cut-offs and blouse (Maria feeling a little naked in just her tee shirt and thong) they leave. Quiet and shy with each other for the rest of the drive home, neither one has ever told a soul about what happened that day.

