My desperation record (True account)

Author: Nigel (1999-04-01 at 05:04) #30971

HOLDING IT FOR A LONG PERIOD - One the ladies inparticular might enjoy, but also I'm sure some of you guys will too.

I read somewhere of someone saying that they had once gone 32 hours without peeing and a reply to that message almost doubting that fact. Well it didn't seem that difficult to me, in fact I thought maybe 48 hours was possible, anyway the other day I set out to beat it. Obviously I wasn't going to make it impossible by drinking unusually huge amounts, just normal daily intake.

I would not normally do this. In the past I have filled myself with loads of beer and water and tried to hold on as long as possible, but this was something different.

I started at midday. By 9pm that night I felt a strong need to go but declined. The next morning came and my bladder was sending urgent messages that it needed relief. I declined until I got into the office at 7.30am. It was then I realised I had important meetings all day and as I didn't want to appear uncomfortable I allowed myself to pee. I'd gone 19 hours since I'd last peed and began to wonder if the “record” of 32 hours was indeed acheivable.

Anyway after my pee at 7.40am I got through the rest of the day fine. I only noticed a need about 7pm that night but I was determined to go on. I lasted the evening and went to bed with a pleasantly full bladder, not experiencing too much pressure.

05.00 - I was awoken by the dog pining to be let out. I had to resist a strong urge to pee as I watched her go about her business in the back garden, crossing my legs in he kitchen. I went back to bed again and slept until morning.

07.00 - Got up and looked enviously at the loo as I had a wash and shave. Only the fact I was close to making it a full day i.e. 24 hours, got me out of the house without peeing. My bladder still felt no more than pleasantly full as I walked into work.

07.30 - Got to work and had my first coffee of the day. It was now 24 hours since I'd last peed and it felt great!

08.20 - If I stop and think about it the urge is now very strong. I must try and keep busy but I can't help thinking that I've only peed once now in 43 hours!

09.30 - Trying not to think about it but I find I'm having to cross my legs under my desk as that first cup of coffee is obviously now starting to reach the spot! It now 26 hours since I last peed!

10.15 - Second cup of coffee of the day. Its really starting to ache now when I stand up. I went to use the photocopier and ended up having to twist my legs together to prevent an accident.

12.10 - God I really want to go now! Determination to last the 32 hours is wavering. Sitting down is still okay, but standing…! Got to go to lunch in a minute, maybe a walk around town will curb the urge?

13.40 - Back from lunch. I've just been to the loo to give myself a good squeeze and to loosen my belt. My bladder is looking noticeably swollen now but I tell myself I've just got to last a few more hours for the supposed “record”. 30 hours done, just 2 to go!

14.10 - The glass of water I had lunch time is starting to seep through to my bladder. I'm crossing my legs more than ever now which helps keep things in check. At one point I thought I could feel a damp patch on my boxer shorts but another trip to the loo proved otherwise. Trying to keep myself busy to take my mind off it.

15.10 - I really must stop drinking water! Just half an hour to go to the 32 hour mark and maybe its because I'm getting near that magical total, but my bladder feels as if its ready to burst. I tell myself it can't be. Just hang on in there!

15.40 - Aaaahhh ! Relief in a way as I've reached my initial target. My secondary target of 48 hours seems a long, long way off. I still havn't peed but the growing pressure makes me think I'll be lucky to last the evening out. 32 hours done and that's just one solitary pee in 51 hours!

16.30 - Arrive back home after a fairly long walk. I really have to pee badly now. I'm having to give myself a good hard squeeze more and more regularly.

17.00 - I've just got in from taking the dog for a walk. Could barely stand still while she did her business. I'm really busting now and have to keep constantly on the move when I'm not sitting down. The constant squeezing of my dick is giving me an erection. I need to pee sooo badly! I just hope the massive urge I'm feeling now passes.

18.00 - The massive urge has not passed! I'm now wearing just my boxer shorts and a t-shirt. The constant rubbing of my dick to maintain control is not really helping as I'm starting to feel incredibly turned on. My bladder is swollen so much it is stretched right across my stomach. I'm bursting to go! Its amazing me now how the urge has suddenly grown so strong. I know I shan't last much longer.

18.15 - I turn on to the wetset message board to try and take my mind onto something else. I've now gone 35 hours and the pressure is increasing by the minute! I'm frantically rubbing my dick and squeezing my aching balls.

19.00 - I realise the time is fast approaching when I simply don't think I'll be able to hang on any longer. I tell myself to hang on another half an hour and start frantically pacing the living room, clutching myself and leaning forward heavily.

19.25 - I'm hit by a tremendous urge, so great I have to stop still and cross my legs tight, plunging both hands into my groin. As I slowly release my grip I can feel a spurt suddenly escape me and I realise the game is up! I race upstairs to the bathroom as a damp patch spreads slowly over my boxers. I'm in agony as I frantically fumble to release my erect penis from my boxer shorts and gasp as I gently force out the first spurt. I'd lasted just a fraction under 36 hours!

It took an age until my bladder was empty. I realised halfway through that maybe I should have measured it but the capacity game can wait for another day! Besides there simply hadn't been time at the end to have found something suitable to have gone in!

I had gone 36 hours without peeing and had peed just once in 55 hours!

Has anyone else, particularly you women, had a similar experience? Do tell. If not I recommend it!

