SUNRISE IN SANTA CRUZ

Author: William Abbott

This was the very first female desperation story that I ever committed to writing. When my wife and I were first figuring out how madly in love we were, I sent it to her as a way of helping her understand my unusual sexual turn-on.

She wrote back to say that, although she found my sexual kink puzzling, she knew she was OK with it when she found herself turned on by a line near the end of the story where I describe the denim of her cutoffs “still hot and squishy with her own wetness as well as with the ocean s:

She knew from that day forward that although she didn't share my kink, she could have fun with it (and with me).

Santa Cruz, California. We have slept in the back of the station wagon, in a parking lot near downtown. I wake up when the rising sun catches me full in the face. She is nestled up against me, her back to me. I have my arm around her, my hand cupped around her naked breast, and one leg is nestled between hers. My penis stirs against her buttocks as I become aware of her warmth against me. Her eyes open sleepily when she feels me moving.

“Mmmmmmm. G’morning,” she says.

“Good morning. Do you want to sleep some more? It’s not even six yet.”

“Mmm. No.” She props herself up on her elbows and kisses me lightly. “I’m too hungry to go back to sleep,” she says. The tips of her breasts are just brushing the sheet under her. I throw the quilt off of us and run my hand down her spine, letting it rest on her bare bottom. She strokes the inside of my thigh. My penis rises and swells. “And I have to pee,” she says.

She sits up and we look out the windows, seeing the parking lot by daylight for the first time. It’s a municipal lot with buildings on three sides, deserted at this hour except for our car, but it’s open to the street and overlooked by dozens of windows. “Do you want to drive around and find a bathroom?’’

“Yeah, but let’s eat first. I’m starved.” I get out some sandwiches we’ve made the day before, and a quart of fruit juice. She pulls on a T-shirt, not bothering with a bra. The thin fabric is snug over her full, round breasts and her nipples stand out in the morning chill. She sits cross-legged, naked from the waist down, and a beam of sunlight plays over her lap and catches the curly strawberry blond thatch of her hair. I crawl into my jeans, zipping them closed awkwardly over my erection, and we eat.

As she’s finishing off the juice, with her head tipped way back, I reach out to her, putting my arms around her waist. I pull her to me, and she laughs as a little orange juice trickles down the side of her chin. I kiss her, and slide my hands across her breasts, kneading them gently. When our faces draw back, she is grinning from ear to ear. I put my arms around her again, stroking her shoulders and back, and I lean forward to slide my face across her neck and down into the furrow between her breasts, feeling the soft cotton of her T-shirt slide over my fade.

She runs her hands across my bare back and through my hair. I bring my hands around again and feel her breasts against my palms, and I press them up against my face until their warmth engulfs me. Gently I push her onto her back. I kiss her deeply, my tongue thrusting into her parted lips, slithering over her own wet tongue. My hand finds her breast again. Inside my jeans, my penis is rock hard, the tip peeking out over the top of the waistband. I rest my pelvis on her hips, the crown of my penis grinding against her clitoris and burrowing ever so slightly into the folds of her vulva.

“Ow, gently,” she says. “Not against my bladder.” I draw back, resting my weight on my knees, straddling her legs.

“Sorry.” My hands trace a winding path down the length of her body until I'm sitting on my heels, and then I bend forward to press my face against her thighs, sliding up along the length of them, feeling the soft smooth skin against my cheeks, my eyes, my lips. She glances out the windows, but the heat of our bodies has begun to fog the glass, giving us a little privacy. Maybe just enough. My hands grip her buttocks, and I can feel her muscles flex as I burrow my face into her crotch. I tease her clit with the tip of my nose, then lick her as if she were ice cream. “I don’t know if that’s a very safe place for you right now,” she says.

“Why not?”

“Because I REALLY have to piss.”

“Do you want me to stop?”

She bites her lip and thinks for a moment, then shakes her head. “Uh-uh. But hurry up.”

I start licking again. Her crotch is already soaked with my saliva. Now her own juices are adding to the wetness. I thrust my tongue as deep into her vagina as I can reach, wishing it were longer, wishing I could lick all the way to her cervix. “Oh God!” she gasps. “Oh God! Oh my God! Oh! Uh...uh!” I lap and lick even faster as she writhes under me. I have my arms wrapped around her thighs. I can feel their heat as they press against the sides of my head. “Oh God!” she almost screams. “Oh Jesus! I’m coming! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhhhhh!!!” The car rocks with her convulsions. I keep licking her clit, sending more little shivers and quivers through her body, until finally she puts her hand on the top of my head and says, “Stop. Oh, please, stop. Stop. Stop.”

I sit up, gasping for breath, my cock throbbing. I move up to kiss her again, and she holds me against her, her fingers massaging the muscles of my back. I unzip my jeans. My penis, released like a steel spring, presses insistently against her hip. I thrust against her, kissing her again as my fingers course through the wet scratchy curls of short hair, exploring the slippery wet opening and probing gently into the sweet channel within. “I want to put it in you,” I whisper.

She clenches her teeth and grimaces. “Ohh. No, please. I’m sorry. I REALLY have to go to the bathroom first.” This time it’s my teeth that clench. I’m lying next to her, my leg thrown over her thighs and my pelvis is grinding rhythmically against her hip. I force myself to stop. The effort shows, and she giggles and kisses me. I roll onto my back, my penis standing straight up, a bead of sticky wetness drooling from the tip. She takes it in her hand, strokes it, then leans over and kisses it lightly. “Are you OK?” she asks.

I nod. “Yeah, I’m OK.”

She starts rooting around for her cut-offs while I pull on my shirt and sneakers. “Have you seen my pants?” she asks.

“ Where’d you put them last night?”

“I took them off in here. They must have slipped under the mattress. See if they’re on that side.”

“Ok.” I lift the side of the mattress a little, running my hand under the tangle of sheets.

“And hurry up.” She bounces on the mattress, her hand gripping her naked crotch. “I really have to pee.” She squirms the whole time I’m rummaging around under the bedding. I find them all the way at the foot of the bed, and when I toss them to her, she rolls onto her back with her feet in the air to wriggle first into her panties and then the tight cutoff jeans.

Pushing the tailgate open, we smell the cool, fresh morning air for the first time. As if emerging from a cocoon, we climb out of the car, unbending our bodies and stretching luxuriously.

She is even more beautiful in the sun, her legs tanned and muscular. “I need to go really bad,” she says. “I wonder if there’s any place around here I could go in daylight.”

The night before, under a new moon and far from the streetlights, we’d walked the length of what seemed like a very private and secluded parking lot with her wearing nothing but a tee-shirt and sneakers. We’d been arm in arm, and I’d kept sneaking my hand down onto her bare buttocks. We had found a little strip of grass alongside an office building, and there, squatting while I stood guard, she had urinated quietly. We can see the same strip of grass now, illuminated in bright sunlight. She shifts her weight back and forth from one foot to the other now, and clutches at my elbow. “Ohh, I can’t go here. I’ve got to find a place with a bathroom. And quick. I HAVE to go.” As aroused as I already was, her need to pee is making my cock even harder.

We get back in the car. As I turn the key in the ignition, she strokes my thigh and says, “I’m sorry. You haven’t come yet, and here I am, making you wait...”

“I’ll get around to it,” I say. I rest my hand on top of hers and give it an affectionate squeeze.

We drive down the main street looking for bathrooms. Nothing we pass seems to be open yet, but when we get to a covered parking deck in the middle of town, we leave the car to search on foot for...maybe an all-night diner, or an earlybird coffee shop...or something.

Nothing is open at that wee hour of the morning. Absolutely nothing. She’s desperate enough that she’d happily squat behind bushes if there were any, but the landscaping is all spindly young trees and sparse flower beds. We come to a little alleyway between two stores and she scampers down it, hoping, I suppose, that it will lead to a back street with dumpsters and overhung loading docks. But no, it opens out at the other end onto another wide thoroughfare.

Coming back through the ally, she stops midway and unbuttons the top of her jeans. She looks nervously behind her, then ahead, and then, even though she’s in full view from both wide open ends of the ally, she slides the zipper of her cutoffs down. She’s got her thumbs hooked under the waistband and is about to pull down her pants and panties when a car drives by. It doesn’t stop or anything. Probably the driver never even saw us, but she crosses her legs and whimpers, “Oh shit! I can’t do this!’’ gripping her waistband, she pulls hard on the denim, grinding it into her crotch. “Shit! Shit! Shit! I have to gooooooooo!” My cock is really hard. As she zips her pants closed again, I put my arm around her waist, and we walk back to the car. She’s holding onto my elbow again—having trouble walking, she has to go so bad.

Back at the car, she stands on tiptoe, legs crossed and teeth clenched, and scans the parking deck one last time. Is there any place—any place— where she could crouch down where she wouldn’t be in full view from three different directions? But there’s really nothing—narrow columns, a few cars, no privacy anywhere. She stands there, squirming, and I can tell she’s considering just going for it. And then, in the distance, at the far end of the garage...a couple of pedestrians. I can tell she’s close to wetting her pants, but she whips open the door of the van and climbs inside. I hear her muttering, “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” and as I get in beside her, she says to me, “You wouldn’t BELIEVE how bad I have to go.” She grips her crotch and tells me, “Drive me to the beach. Or the woods. Anywhere out of town. Fast.”

Santa Cruz is like a little island of city surrounded by open country, so this isn’t such a bad idea. We drive south, towards the edge of town. I keep looking for someplace we can stop, but nothing’s open and then the businesses thin out and give way to residential neighborhoods, with front yards and mailboxes and no place to hide at all. Next to me, she’s opening and closing her thighs like scissors. I hear her moan quietly and she clutches herself with both hands, wriggling her butt deeper into the seat.

A minute later she slips her fingers inside the leg of her cutoffs, under the hem of her panties, and presses directly on her moist slit. “God damn, I have to piss SO bad. I’m going to pee in my pants if we don’t find someplace soon.” My penis is throbbing, so hard it almost hurts, and there’s a wet spot in my jeans. We’re driving along suburban beachfront now. To our right, waves are rolling in over flat white sand. To our left, an endless row of expensive Californian houses. Eventually, I know, we’ll get to a wilder and emptier shore.

“Oh God. You better stop the car,” she said.

“Here?”

“Yes, just anywhere. Right here. I’m...I can’t hold it.”

“There’s a parking lot,” I say. It was a few hundred yards up the road. A sign said public beach.

“Oh shit, hurry! I’m about to... I’m...” She’s squirming half out of her seat, breathing through gritted teeth, holding it in with all her strength. She presses a fist into her crotch and crosses her legs around it, and I can see the muscles of her thighs tensing, holding, squeezing, holding...

I pull into the lot. There some other cars there, and a handful of people are on the beach with more surfing out in the water. She gets out and stands up, still a little hunched over and with her hands pressed into her groin. Her cutoffs are short enough that I can see the crease of skin where her round buttocks meet her thighs. I can tell she’s looking around in desperation, but there’s no cover anywhere.

“Oh my God...” she groans.

She pisses.

From the back, I see a dark wet stain spread at the crotch of her cut-offs. Then little rivulets begin to run down those lovely tanned legs. They follow a serpentine meander to trickle over her feet and pool on the asphalt, the warm puddle rising between her bare toes. Her body relaxes visibly as she gives up and lets the rest go freely. She spreads her feet apart now and as the stream gushes from between her legs, it flows down the inside of her left thigh for a few inches before falling freely through the air, pouring with a loud steady splatter into the growing puddle between her feet and splashing up onto her ankles.

The waterfall flows from her like that for a minute or more before trickling off to and finally ending with only an occasional drip. The whole crotch of her cut-offs is soaking wet, with droplets clinging to the ends of the frayed threads. So wet, I can hear the denim squishing and squelching a little when she moves—or is it just her feet splashing in the puddle? Her beautiful, long, strong, bare thighs are glistening wet in the sun.

“God, I can’t believe I actually wet my pants.” She looks around again. There are surfers here and there but none close by. The houses are all the way across the street. For all the prodigious volume of piss that she’s just let go, probably no one noticed. “I guess I should rinse off,” she says, and scampers across the beach to the water. She wades out up to her knees, then hunkers down to greet an incoming wave with open arms. It crashes over her, soaking her completely, and she turns back to me with a grin and says “Come on!” She’s braless, her T-shirt soaked with surf, and it clings transparently to her pink round breasts. The nipples are protruding again, and now I can even see the dark of her areolas through the wet cloth.

I peel off my shirt and wade out to join her, still wearing my jeans. She giggles playfully as we embrace in the surf, our bodies pressed together, caressed by the warm wet ocean. Running my hands down her back, I take her buttocks in my hands and press her pelvis against my rock hard penis. I squeeze her firm round cheeks, and reach my fingertips up into the crevice of her bottom, the denim still hot and squishy with her own wetness as well as with the ocean’s. Her arms hold me and her hands dig into the muscles of my back as we kiss, deeply, and I come—my semen squirting out to soak the front of my own jeans. A wave breaks around our knees, splashing up our thighs, and I hold her still, hands on her buttocks, crotch pressed tight against crotch.

“Wow," she says, looking up into my eyes. The wave recedes, racing past our calves and sucking at out ankles. She smiles. We kiss again and then turn and, hand in hand, dive forward into the sea.
