The Queen's Desperate Advisor (part 3)

Author: Melody Alexi

Chapter 3

"I have a gift for you."

A fortnight later, Clare still looked at Queen Adria's every benevolent action with suspicion. She'd been kind to Clare ever since the incident. Too kind.

And in this court, gifts from the queen were unheard of. Clare peered over the letter she was reading in the royal library and tried to look pleasant.

The queen added, "For helping me through my... incident the other week."

"Think nothing of it, my queen," Clare said, with feigned graciousness.

"Nonsense," the queen waved. "I saw the fabric and knew it was made for you. I was hoping you'd wear it to the ball tonight. It's being sent to your room."

"Thank you, Queen Adria. I’m sure I will happily wear it."

The queen smiled, an almost diabolical little smile, before flitting happily away.

Sometimes the queen gave her the chills, with her wild range of tempers and sudden pleasantries, rapid girlishness, and then haughty authority, always with that calculating smile...

She shivered and went back to reading.

Only in her room did she understand why the queen had been so insistent on giving her this dress. It was hideous. A grey-blue fabric that neither looked quite grey nor quite blue. It looked like an ocean polluted with chimney soot. It also looked like the measurements were off by just a few inches, just enough to make it painfully snug. It would be horrid to navigate a stifling ballroom wearing it. Everything about it screamed that it was a revenge gift—one to get back at her for the events of a few weeks ago.

She grumbled to herself that evening as a servant laced her up into the tight entrapment. It was fancy, she’d concede that. Fancy, newfangled, and constrictive. The skirt had no body to it, clinging to her so she looked like a shapeless sardine.

She sighed. Let the queen have her petty revenge. She stifled a smug smirk. She, after all, had already gotten her own.

Before leaving her chambers, she took a long swig of wine to ready herself.

The ballroom was bright and as suffocating as she'd imagined. This was her lifework, of course, but it was always easier to navigate in comfortable clothing.

The party was the usual. Everyone was dressed ostentatiously, and she made the rounds, greeting people one at a time. The servers were plentiful and diligent tonight, and one young man kept her drink topped off almost like he was under strict orders to do so.

And to her surprise, the queen, who was usually too busy with flattery and flirtations to pay Clare any mind at such events, came sashaying up to her side.

"Do you like it?" she said, ogling the gown like a proud patron. "You look positively lovely."

"It's a generous gift," she said, with flawless fakery. "It's beautiful."

"I'm so glad you love it. Have you met Lord Hawthorne?"

"Of course." She'd met everyone. It was her actual job to meet, know, and cultivate connections with everyone. Did the oblivious queen even know that?

"Well, I'm sure he would love to see you again."

"I'm sure," she said dryly, and let the queen drag her off in his direction. While they were talking, a server again refilled her glass.

"Ah!" Queen Adria said with giddy glee. "Lady Sera. You must let me show you off to her, maybe I can convince her that the latest style, on the proper figure, isn’t vulgar."

Clare didn't talk about trivial matters like clothing for fun. Even her lighthearted conversations were always wrapped up in underlying matters of state. She kept the peeved expression off her face and let the queen drag her across the floor to show her off like a peasant's prized pig.

The night wore on in a dreary daze of this silliness, the queen suddenly flinging her about like she was a guest of honor. They greeted old acquaintances, friends, and alliances, while Queen Adria didn't do anything to improve her reputation as a frivolous and empty-headed snit.

It was no way for a queen to conduct herself, and Clare gulped from her drink more often than she meant, mostly to disguise her disgust with it all.

Finally, all the drinks were starting to catch up with her. She was going to have to escape for a chamber pot soon. And getting out of this dress to use the pot was going to be a tedious chore.

"You must excuse me, my queen," she said suddenly, with a low bow.

"Not yet, dear, I'm showing off my handiwork tonight and you must oblige me. Lady Lander is the pinnacle of good taste, and she must see you next. If she sees me parading you around with pride, this dress will be all over the court by tomorrow. I want nothing less." And she whisked Clare onward, Clare grumbling under her breath.

She swigged deeply from her drink to get through the conversation, against her better judgment, and it quickly proved a mistake. By the time they were finally finished with Lady Lander, she really did need to excuse herself.

"Pardon me, Queen Adria—"

But the queen cut her off. "Have you met the Duke of Ambling?"

Clare couldn't even fight her frown. She needed rather urgently to relieve herself now, and she was in no mood for this.

"Yes, my queen," she said, the blandness leaking through in her words. "I've met everyone. That's why you appointed me an ambassador."

And the queen gave her a small glare in return. "Well. Forgive me, your highness. I forget sometimes, which of us is queen."

Clare released a small sigh. How dramatic.

She forced herself to be civil again. "But. Of course. I'd love to greet her, my queen." Adria looked appeased. And she let herself be led away.

The conversation was as dull as the last, only this time there was a helpless pulsing in her bladder. She was truly going to have to go soon. She tapped her foot and resisted the urge to fidget, imagining what a hassle it would be to wriggle out of this contraption of a dress.

Only when the Duke of Ambling turned to have a side conversation with all of his companions, did she realize the increasing urgency of her need. She had to resist an impulse to press her legs tightly together, or jitter absently in place.

And then it hit her.

It might not be all about the hideous dress.

This might be another kind of revenge completely.

She was smack in the middle of the same horrid position the queen had been in two weeks ago, itching to pee, and closed in on every side by nobles and courtiers.

Horror struck her.

At least when the queen had peed herself it had been in the privacy of her bed-chamber.

She was overwhelmed with a sudden horrid vision of soaking this pale blue dress. This fabric would surely show the spreading piss, or a puddle growing at her feet. Here. In public. In front of everyone. She'd be the grotesque gossip subject of the whole season.

Her whole position hinged on respect. Coming undone and losing control of her piss simply wasn't an option.

She swallowed, and when the server passed this time, she didn't let him top off her drink. She passed him her empty glass instead.

The queen's snakelike eyes caught the moment, and she intervened. "Bring Lady Clare a goblet of the new mead, young man."

He skittered off like she'd thrown a shoe at him and returned with a heaping goblet for Clare. She held it and didn't drink.

"Well?" the queen demanded, interrupting the flow of conversation. "Lady Clare, you must try the mead and tell me what you think. It's a delicacy."

Gods, she was diabolical.

She was on the spot and skilled at defusing situations as she was, even she couldn't come up with an excuse in time. She forced herself to take one tiny sip. It was the tiniest sip, but it made her brain feel like it was buzzing and swimming with warning bells, all while the pulsing between her legs swelled.

Damn. "It's delightful."

She kept her weak smile in place, and when Adria cast suspicious glances her way, she forced herself to take tiny sips of the mead, so as not to provoke another outburst.

When the conversation finally dwindled, she gave a quick nod and tried again to dart off to her chambers for a moment of relief, but she'd been silly to hope. The queen sank her talons into her arm and dragged her off to meet some random prince. You'd think Clare was a princess herself from all this pomp and circumstance.

This time, while they talked, she warily eyed the queen. She wouldn't really force her to wet her skirts. Surely. Not here. Would she?

She had reached a point of numb tingles where she could almost convince herself that her need wasn't swelling. But the dazed tingling only made her more worried she was wetting without knowing it. She sneakily stroked the front of her skirts, privately checking that she wasn't wet.

She saw the queen's eyes on her and pretended to only be smoothing and ruffling her dress.

The queen waved over a princess to join their conversation, making Clare's stomach drop in dread. She really was going to be in trouble soon.

And then...

She almost let out an audible squeak of horror as she felt a squirt escape from her, and pinched her legs together. One hot, sudden spurt filled her underthings, enough for her to feel it. She physically stiffened at the sensation of the tiny squirt spreading in her undergarments. The queen's eyes pinned on her again.

This wasn't going to happen. It simply couldn't.

She forced herself to straighten, to look and act dignified, and realized she was sweating in the painfully tight dress. Her legs were feeling damp with sweat and starting to tremble, and none of that was helping the intensity of her urge.

"Princess Rose, hello," she greeted a new addition to their little circle, as dignified as ever, and she had a feeling she wasn’t just imagining that Queen Adria looked smug at her show of bravado.

She forced herself to entertain the prince and princesses with conversational graces, trembling legs pressed tightly together.

As she talked, another trickle escaped her and trailed its way between her legs, down her stockings, stopping just short of her ankle.

Just. Make it through this conversation. Just. This. Last. One.

She really was about to have a puddle growing at her feet any minute. Her privates throbbed and her every limb ached from standing so stiffly. But she wouldn’t let the queen interrupt her again.

So, she forced herself to put on her most authoritative stance.

"I must make my apologies. Duchess Moss has arrived, and I promised her several introductions." She bowed and she all but ran in the direction of Duchess Moss, who couldn’t see her coming.

Sweat prickled on the back of her arms now. She couldn't tell if the dampness between her legs was nervous arousal or urine, and she wasn't going to hesitate and find out. She nearly tackled the duchess.

"Duchess!" she curtsied. She rambled on in a verbal barrage. "I have nobles dying to make your acquaintance! I'll be back." It wasn't as graceful as she wanted, but she dodged around the duchess and darted towards the halls, no doubt leaving the woman blank and confused.

Once in the hallway, she breathed a deep sigh. She was on her way to privacy and relief. She ran down the corridor, sweeping along and hating how heavy her skirts felt. She could only imagine how much worse they would be if they were soggy with wetness.

She was in that dangerous mental place where relief was on the horizon, so her body began to lose its reserve. She could feel her piss burgeoning to get out, her bladder pulsing, and her limbs trembling as she ran.

And then, to her absolute dread and horror, the queen entered the passageway from a side courtyard. She shut the doors behind her and stepped in Clare's way, blocking her desperate dash to freedom.

"And where do you think you're going?"

Gods. Damn. It.

Clare didn't have the composure anymore to conceal her need as her throbbing places tightened and then, for a split second, spasmed and lost control. She shamelessly pushed a hand down on her crotch as she felt liquid blossom at her pussy. It spread hot and damp throughout her interior skirts. Somehow, someway, she stopped short of peeing herself completely. But she had still peed a little in her skirts, her pussy was still quivering, and Queen Adria was still very much in her way.

"Queen Adria," in desperation, she tried to humble herself. "I think I'm unwell. I need a moment...?"

"Unwell?" the queen demanded.

She was insufferable.

"Yes." She didn't remove her hands from the crotch of her dress, fighting off welling panic, trying to physically push down the pressure.

She yelped as another surge spread in her underthings. This couldn't be happening.

The queen, instead of stepping aside to let her escape, stepped in closer.

"I am sympathetic to your plight," she said generously. "I was in your situation myself, not so very long ago at all."

Clare bit her lip and resisted the tears she felt welling in her eyes.

"And, if I recall," the queen gave her a smug look that struck real fear into her bones. "It was entirely your fault."

No, no, no.

"I'm sorry," she gasped, finally losing her grip on calculating composure. "It was an accident."

"Was it?" the queen sniffed. And then she smirked. "Oh my, speaking of accidents, you poor dear."

Clare looked down to see that the first outline of a damp patch had surfaced on the front of her skirt, just where her crotch was. She released a small sob of humiliation. "Queen Adria," she said earnestly. "Please. Don't make me. Do this."

"Do what?" she said, in fake innocence so obvious that she wanted to slap the coy expression off her face.

But she knew full well she was the prone one here.

"Don't make me wet my skirts," she said pitifully.

"Aw, you're adorable when you're pleading. Hmm. This attitude is so rare from you, I wonder how to take advantage of it?"

She squeezed her eyes shut, everything in her straining to hold back the inevitable tide that was coming.

The queen stared at her like she was pondering her next steps.

Finally, she smirked. "No," she said simply.

"No?"

"You haven't earned my pity," she said. "You know what you did. You know you deserve to be punished."

Her knees were shaking. This truly couldn't be happening.

Queen Adria stepped threateningly closer, looming over her with a diabolical smile. "You are going to go back there like a good girl, and you are going to take your punishment like a lady."

"Please no," she gasped, the pleading sounding terrible to her ears. She had no filter left to conceal her dread.

"I was humiliated by you," she said. "Now you are going to march right back out there and humiliate yourself in front of all my courtiers. Like you deserve."

"Please no," she repeated, sinking to her knees. "Please. My queen. I can't. I didn't mean to humiliate you."

"You're a liar."

And she was, but now that the shoe was on the other foot, tears were streaming down her face, and all she could do was plead. "I'll do anything. Anything for this not to happen!" She almost clutched at the queen's skirts like she was pleading for her life, and she could feel how much Adria adored it.

"You're lucky," she said finally. "I'm generous."

Her heart rose just a little bit in hope, and she had to stop herself from pissing right then out of sheer relief.

And the queen leered. "I'm going to let you wet your skirts in the darkness of the garden, instead of the ballroom."

Her stomach fell like a heavy stone.

"No," she pleaded again.

"You will continue your social duties, and when I am satisfied, you may go recover yourself."

"I can't—"

"Take my boon," the queen said firmly. "Or I'm marching you right out to the well-lit ballroom. And don't think about wetting right where you are. I'll parade you around wet for the rest of the evening. With guards standing watch over you, if I have to."

Clare released another sob and doubled over in despair. She was sure her face was a mess from the tear stains.

But she saw the venom in the queen's eyes and knew there was no escape. With a shuddering sob, she resigned herself to her fate.

"Okay," she whimpered.

Queen Adria grinned. "Good girl."

And she offered a hand and helped her to her trembling feet. "Now, come with me. I saw Duchess Moss escape out to the garden, and I believe you promised her introductions."

And so she went, feeling like she was heading to her execution, the queen dragging her out into the courtyard, and out into the dimly lit gardens.

Her pussy's throbbing was increasing in urgency, with every horrible step.

They found Duchess Moss speaking with some courtiers by a fountain.

"Duchess Moss," Clare's voice was trembling and weak. "I promised—" she fought back a sniffle. "To make introductions for you."

The queen gave her a satisfied expression, and let Clare do her work, leading the duchess to various people and saying dull things to connect them. Her usual confidence was gone. Her elegant stature was wilting. And her lower half was trembling, as she elegantly coordinated conversations.

Tears streamed down her face as she felt another sliver of piss snaking its way down her stocking. This time it trailed all the way down to her dainty shoes.

"I present to you, Lord Faringham," she said, her voice shaking as another squirt of wetness spread throughout her underthings. She stole a glance down and, in the moonlight and faint lamplight, she could see that the dark spot at her crotch was spreading. Several dark rivulets made their way down the front of her skirts. She valiantly held back the full flood and her desire to weep openly.

When they finished that conversation, Duchess Moss pulled her aside to thank her for her generous social graces.

"Of course, Duchess," she said, her voice breathless and straining, each word coming out like a soft pant.

"My dear, are you well?" the woman asked, as she felt fireworks in her ears, an ocean in her head, and the most unbearable pressure she'd ever felt between her legs. She bit back a gasp and tears streamed down her face. The moment was here. It was going to happen.

"I'm alright," she lied weakly, feeling her last dam of resistance crumbling and giving way.

"My dear, are you weeping?" she asked. If the moonlight brought out the glimmers of her tears, it would certainly reveal what was about to happen. She could only rely on Duchess Moss's compassion and hope she wouldn’t whisper this story to every noble in the whole court.

She thought of hiding herself, but Queen Adria was close by, watching her while also talking to an admiring crowd.

"I'm sorry," she gasped weakly, staggering a step or two backward, fighting back the panic in her voice, fighting back the urge to run away. She knew Adria would make good on her threats if she did. "I'm all right. I just—"

She finished her sentence with a sob— and couldn't say anything else. She could only whimper.

The first surge of the waterfall was already halfway down her thighs.

"I'm sorry," she repeated in a sob. And in a stream, the piss came, and she started wetting herself, hopelessly and helplessly.

She wept, feeling hot shame at the staring eyes of the duchess, feeling the queen watching sinisterly, as she completely humiliated herself.

It spread down her skirt in torrents, staining the fabric dark. It spread around her bottom, rushed down her legs, and then finally, trickled to the grass in warm streams. She couldn't remember ever being so embarrassed in her life, wetting her skirts like a school child in front of witnesses. The people surrounding queen Adria probably couldn't tell exactly what was going on, but the queen certainly could, and from the confused and stunned look on Duchess Moss's face, she had more than an idea.

Clare put a hand over her mouth to stop her weeping, but it couldn’t stop the shame and the pee running down her legs. She soaked her underthings, her inner skirts, and her outer skirts — entirely.

She was so wet she couldn't tell when the hissing streams finally stopped, but she could tell she'd completely disgraced herself.

It was over. The worst had happened.

She was standing here, in public view, dress soaked through with her very own piss.

Duchess Moss didn't know what to say, so Clare, slowly snapping back to reality, forced herself to straighten and whisper past the tears, "You must excuse me, duchess, I'm afraid I’m not well."

"Of course," the Duchess sounded scandalized and horrified. "I thank you again for the introductions." And the duchess fled from her presence.

She stood shivering in the night air while Queen Adria dismissed her little crowd and came smugly to her side. "Brave to the end," she acknowledged. "What a most becoming flush you have when you're mortified."

"Please let me go," Clare sniffled, quiet and subdued.

"Of course, Lady Clare," Adria said warmly. And then, with a girlish grin, she added, "This was fun. I should torture you in public again sometime."
