Rebecca wets herself

Author: Jo (1999-10-23 at 08:54) #44906

Hi - this is a true story of what happened to my friend Rebecca on a coach from London to Birmingham yesterday. I met her at Birmingham coach station and she told me all about it.

Rebecca is 18, very attractive, 5ft 9in, with long black hair, and a great figure, whenever I've seen her she's been wearing tight jeans. This was no exception, she was wearing some really tight black jeans, that clung to every curve of her bum and thighs, you could see the outline of her knickers clearly! And she was wearing a tight top, which showed more of her curves! But she wasn't an exhibitionist in any sense, a very nice person to know and to be with.

After exchanging conventional greetings our conversation went something like this (as closely as I can remember it):

R: Jo, the journey was awful, so slow, so much traffic … and embarrassing, so embarrassing

J: Embarrassing?

R: Yes, very … the problem was I was dying for the loo, absolutely gasping

J: Poor you …

R: The tube was delayed, I hadn't had time for the loo at Victoria, and to make it worse I'd drunk two full cans of coke!

J: What happened then?

R: As we inched along through the rush hour traffic, I was becoming SO DESPERATE!

J: Wasn't there a loo on the coach?

R: No, it was a relief coach … no loo …

J: What did you do?

R: Well I read a magazine, spread it out over my lap, and held myself underneath

J: Did anyone see?

R: No, I don't think so

J: Did it help to hold yourself?

R: Yes it did … but I kept feeling more and more desperate. Jo, I was so desperate that I knew I was nearly wetting myself ? I realised I was on the verge on doing it in my knickers!

J: Did you actually wet yourself?

R: Yes, I just couldn't hold on anymore, I started to dribble in my knickers, Jo. I kept wetting myself, little amounts at a time, I could feel myself getting slowly wetter and wetter, I just couldn't help it, I kept on doing it ? I could feel my jeans getting wet between my legs. Fortunately because they're black, it doesn't show too much. Jo, tell me honestly, can you tell what I've done?

I looked at Rebecca's shapely figure, clad in those tight soft black jeans. By looking closely, I could just make out a dampness down the inside of her legs, a few inches down from her crotch, and also a large round patch on her bum - WOW! It wasn't really obvious, in fact I hadn't noticed till Rebecca started her story. I might add I was feeling incredibly turned on by this episode!

J: Becky, it hardly shows, honestly, don't worry. If you want, I can lend you some clothes when we get home.

R: Thanks! You know I must have been doing little spurts in my knickers for at least an hour till we stopped at the service area. My real fear was that I was going to totally lose it though, and do it all … that would have been terrible!

J: Has it happened to you before, Becky?

R: I seem to remember wetting myself at party when I was 16, and I was too shy to ask for the loo ? silly isn't it!

J: Don't worry, its happened to me loads too! I must have wet myself lots of times

R: What happened to you then?

I proceeded to tell Rebecca of a few accidents of mine - that made her feel better!

That night, after Rebecca had gone to bed in the spare room, I noticed she had left her black jeans and white cotton knickers (both still soggy) lying on the bathroom floor. I had a sudden urge to try them on ? very exciting! It felt amazingly erotic to wear Rebecca's soggy knickers and jeans, they fitted me just right! I quickly put them back, but never told anyone.

I'll have to invite Rebecca again soon!

Jo

