Toilet taxi (Part 1)

Copyright 2018 Kaylee Kennicott

At this time of night, I was circling the couple of blocks downtown with the highest density of bars and nightclubs. Most of them had announced final call already, and the drunk girls were starting to spill out into the streets.

As a driver with the ride-sharing company OOBURR, this was the best part of my day. Yeah, I worked all morning at my retail part-time job, and in the afternoons I took classes at the local college, and so I was tired as a dog by the time I got in my car and opened the OOBURR application to clock in every night.

But with the windows down, the breeze in my hair, and music in my ears, I always perked up and got my second wind. It helped that this was the most profitable part of the day for me. It wasn’t steady income, like my part-time job, but there were nights when I’d walk away with ridiculous tips, or earn a week’s salary in a couple of hours.

It’s because of the drunk girls.

Drunk girls are crazy.

I mean that in the best way possible. They are these vibrant, radiant, courageous creatures — more so than their daylight counterparts. They aren’t afraid to show you the worst, meanest, filthiest parts of themselves.

I’ve had drunk girls flash me (as a “tip” — or just for fun), I’ve had them offer to suck me off while I’m driving (gentlemen, take it from me — it’s dangerous, and not worth it. You don’t want some drunk girl biting you accidentally when you go over a speedbump), and I’ve seen them vomit and/or pass out in my car.

Over time, and with accumulated experience, I learned better tactics for handling them. I put plastic mats down to cover the floor and shield it from messes. I installed plastic protectors on the seat cushions themselves. I kept a tip jar in the center console, in which they drunkenly deposited larger bills than they intended to. I learned how to flirt with them so they enjoyed it, while still keeping them at a safe and respectful distance.

But there was one thing that drunk girls did which completely wrecked me: they always had to piss.

Every time a gaggle of young women stepped in my car, there was at least one who moaned, complaining of her need to pee, massaging her abdomen, and shrieking when her friends teased or tickled her.

Sometimes if there was more than one, they’d set each other off, both of them talking nonstop about nothing but their desperation.

If it was a drunk girl with her boyfriend, he’d usually tease her too, in slightly more malicious ways, and I always wondered if these men shared my feelings, about wishing and wanting the girls to just break down and wet herself. Usually the boyfriend would open up some white noise app and play sounds of running water while she squealed, and hit his arm, and said his name in a wail, like, “Bobbyyyyyy, stop! Oh my god, I can’t! I need to go so bad!”

He’d just grin at her, in trickster fashion, and a few minutes later I’d pull up to their destination and he’d help her out of the car on unsteady feet.

I’d watch her teeter away on high heels, clamping her thighs and knees together, taking small steps.

There was one memorable occasion when a girl got out of my car and squatted right there on the sidewalk, in full view for me to see through the passenger side mirror. She had been jiggling her legs the whole ride over - she and her friends were bar-hopping, and she clearly hadn’t used the facilities before leaving the last place — and the moment she left the car and stood up, a shudder ran through her body.

“Hold on a second, guys,” she said to her friends, and then - while I gaped from behind my tinted windows — she peeled up her skirt, pinched her panties to one side, and relieved herself right in the middle of the sidewalk, in front of the entrance to the bar. I watched her urine puddle on the sidewalk and slope away, cutting a path down the concrete.

Even though I was getting pinged on the OOBURR application, asking me if I wanted to pick up a passenger nearby, I ignored it to watch the scene in front of me: this girl, so casually exposing herself in her desperate need for relief. She was so ready to burst, she couldn’t even wait to get inside the bar and use the actual facilities. But she held it long enough that she wouldn’t wet the seats in my car.

I got a little sensation of pleasure and surprise running down my spine at the thought and I realized - I might want these girls to piss in my car. Something about the idea was...intriguing.

After getting home, though I was exhausted from my full day, I sat at the computer and did a little bit of research. I looked at the money in tips I had received that day, and thought, “eh, what the hell.”

I placed an internet order that night which arrived within the week, bringing all the supplies I thought I might need to create a very different customer service experience...

That weekend, I installed the new equipment. The most expensive thing in my order had been a fitted seat cover, made by the same manufacturers who created the peepillow ™ a couple years ago.

I had stumbled across their website while looking for ways to create a toilet area within my car. I only had to watch a couple of promotional videos and read a few recommendations before I ordered it — both the original peepillow ™ and the newly- invented car seat cover.

It was made of the same strange absorbent fabric that the pillow was. The selling point of such technology was that it soaked up liquid with no mess and no odor, leaving only a fine powdery residue lining the cover, which could be removed and washed anytime it needed to be freshened up.

I’d never used one before, but I watched a few unboxing videos — and in particular, the videos of one college girl who filmed herself using them — and I was immediately hooked.

So, despite a small amount of trepidation and doubt, I stashed the peepillow ™ under one of the seats and installed the seat cover. I had only purchased one, so I put it in the passenger seat next to me. Because I was still nervous about it, it seemed safer to keep the “toilet” seat at a distance from the other passengers.

That night, I took the car out for a test drive.

Every time a drunk girl entered the automobile, I tensed with the expectation of what might follow. But of course now that I was looking for one who was dripping wet or ready to soak the seat, it seemed they were all exercising caution and responsibility. Where was a desperate girl when you needed one?

And then I hit the motherlode.

Three girls got in the backseat, hip to hip and shoulder to shoulder, and immediately started squirming.

“We should have gone before we left,” one whined. I stirred a little in my seat.

“I told you we should have! Beccaaaa.”

“The lines were too long,” said the last girl, peering at her phone. “It’s fine, we’ll get there in a couple minutes. Can you hold it?”

“Barely,” said the whiner quietly.

“Yeah, I’m with Rose,” said the one in the middle. “I’m like, practically about to wet myself.”

I cleared my throat involuntarily. They didn’t even notice.

Rose, the whining one, was literally bouncing in her seat. “Oh my god you guys. I can’t believe you let me get in this car after I had three drinks and no bathroom break.”

None of the girls were paying attention to me, or to the route, or to the car. Typically, at this hour, I would route us toward one of the side streets that took us on a shortcut.

But instead I nudged my car toward Main Street, the most congested part of downtown.

When Becca raised her head from her phone, she saw the bumper-to-bumper traffic and the red lights ahead of us.

“Shit,” she said.

Rose realized then that we were in the middle of a traffic jam and uttered a low wail. “Ohmygod

Becca, I have to piss so bad.”

“Me too,” said the one in the middle. “I'm not gonna make it at this rate.”

“We'll probably have to get out and walk,” Becca sighed.

“Oh god, I can’t walk right now either,” Rose moaned. “If I take one step, I’m gonna leak out all over the road.”

I cleared my throat again, intentionally this time. “Excuse me, ladies...I don’t mean to intrude, but I may be able to help you.”

Rose leaned forward over the center console, holding onto the back of the passenger seat for support. “Yes?” she said anxiously.

“I completely understand if you’re not comfortable enough to use it, but I actually have...a special seat,” I said, patting the passenger side. “Do you feel that material covering it?”

Rose rubbed it between her fingers. “Yeah, I was trying to figure out what this is.”

“It’s actually a highly absorbent material meant for reducing waste and minimizing odor,” I said. They stared at me blankly, and I clarified. “It’s meant to be peed on.”

“What? Really?” Rose exclaimed, feeling the fabric again. “Trish, feel this.”

“Yeah,” I said, struck by a sudden flash of inspiration — and the smallest of white lies. “I actually got it for my girlfriend. She has a really hard time on road trips, and there have been a few...accidents in the past. This is a really effective solution.”

“That’s crazy,” said Trish, the girl in the middle. “I like, literally don’t know what to believe. I’ve never heard of this before.”

“It’s kind of a specialty product,” I said. “But I promise, it works. It like, absorbs urine. There are all these special tiny crystals inside that dry it out and break it down into this powder, and then you stick it in the washing machine after a few uses. No smell at all. I know it seems kind of weird, but it’s actually really useful.”

I was praying and hoping that this was indeed the case — I don’t know why I didn’t test the damn thing myself, when it first arrived. Why hadn’t I confirmed that it would do what it said it would?

I was trying to figure out what else I could say to make the girls comfortable - when suddenly a leg stepped over the center console between the two front seats and Rose said, “I literally don’t even care right now, I need to go so bad. You’re telling me it’s seriously okay to piss in your car, right here? On this seat?”

I gulped, and swallowed, and nodded, and said, “Yes. It’s seriously okay.”

“You’re not recording this, are you? No “candid camera” shit?”

“No, not at all. Nothing like that.”

“Oh thank fuck!" Rose said, and she lifted her hips up, bracing her back against the seatback, and peeled down her shorts.

“Ahhhh,” she sighed, and though I was staring straight ahead, white-knuckling the steering wheel, I could hear the hissing of her stream, and could see the smallest bit of movement between her legs catching the light, the flowing water like a jumping fountain.

“Wow,” Becca remarked mildly. “I can’t believe you’re just pissing in some rando’s car.”

“Fuck,” Rose sighed. The sound raised the hairs on the back of my neck and made me shiver a little. “Ohhhhh my god, this is like, the highlight of my evening so far.”

“Gah,” Trish said, shifting in her seat. I could hear the rustling of her skirt. “Watching you is like, making me have to go so bad. Are you almost done?”

We were at a complete stop, so I snuck the barest peek out of the corner of my eye at Rose: her eyes were closed with bliss, her legs were trembling slightly from holding herself up above the seat, and she was still pushing out urine into the seat cushion below. “Almost,” she murmured.

“Hurry uuuuup!" Trish groaned.

Rose’s stream dwindled and died, and when she had finished I realized too late that the cars in front of me were moving - I tapped the gas pedal and momentarily unbalanced Rose, who sat down on the cushion with a startled “oomph.”

“Ah!” she exclaimed, and then, “OH MY GOD you guys, this thing really works!”

She pushed off and sat up again, feeling around on the seat below her. “It’s not wet at all! It doesn’t even feel damp!”

“That is unreal,” Trish said. “Move over, it’s my turn!”

Rose clambered into the backseat and Trish took her place up front. She lifted up her skirt, slid her panties down around her knees, and sat fully on the cushion as if it was a toilet seat: no hovering above it like Rose had.

The thought of the girls sitting in my car seats and releasing their bladders as casually as they would sitting on a toilet...the idea of these drunk girls making no effort to get to an actual bathroom but voiding right where they sat... a delicious shiver crept up my hairline and I pretended to focus intently on the car in front of me.

Really, I was listening to the rustling movements of Trish pulling her skirt and panties aside, of settling into the seat, and then - the sissing rush of fluid.

Trish, seated as she was, was compressing herself in such a way that the first stream shot forward, like a jet of water from a hose, and splattered over the glove compartment and floor mats.

“Oh my god!” she exclaimed, but she had released the valve and now she couldn’t stop: she pissed wildly, wantonly, and though the cushion absorbed most of it, she was also spraying straight out in front of her.

Holy crap, the force of it.

“Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” she repeated, even while she kept pissing. “I -1 can’t help it - ahh, oh my god, I can’t stop. Fuuuuuuck...”

“It’s okay,” I said. I was now uncomfortably hard. “That’s why I have the floor mats. Don’t worry about it.”

Trish was still moaning so loudly that she probably didn’t even hear me; her stream ran ragged and died, but she sat panting on the seat for several more minutes.

When I dropped them off, Rose stuffed a $20 in the tip jar, and Trish gave me $50, because she felt so bad about making a mess. (I truly didn’t mind - I also had some paper towels and air freshener stashed in the back for this very reason.) Becca only gave me a strange look.

But I didn’t mind — I pulled over to wipe down the inside of the car, feeling a little gleeful. $ 70 for a free, front-row show to two beautiful women pissing in my front seat? I would have paid to see that - but instead they were paying me.

My first success emboldened me so much that I decided to incorporate it into a larger business plan...

