Desperate Games
	(M & F/W/Des)
Author: ppPanties (1999-02-07 at 13:17) #27898

I’m happy to say, I’ve enjoyed yet another wonderful wetting experience on-line. Only this time there was a very pleasant new twist to our plan. We were to meet and chat on-line for a time, then on to the phone. As some of you may recall from a previous posting, this same dear friend got GREAT pleasure from my desperation, making me wait an interminable amount of time to pee. Once I resorted to begging… I was finally allowed to let it go. Ahhh… but it was well worth the wait… for both of us!

The plan this time was to get as desperate as possible before getting on the phone. Both of us had prepared well, although, for him… a bit too well. With no trips to the bathroom all day at work, he was already feeling the effects of a full bladder on the way home. Yet he wanted to make sure the phone experience was as good as we had hoped, so he drank 2 more large glasses of water while we were chatting on-line. Feeling as though he couldn’t wait much longer, he wanted to make the call.

“Oh no dear… I don’t think you’re quite desperate enough”, I said as he expressed his need to pee badly. Now my own panties were getting a little damp from a few minor leaks and spurts. But I was having much too much fun enjoying his desperation and scolding him when he’d beg to make the phone call a few more times so he could pee. Payback? Ohhh… I think he had it coming, don’t you? He was wearing those tan corduroy pants that show the wet so well, and a new pair of gray boxers. He was really beginning to have problems holding it as a small wet spot appeared on his pants. mmm… that alone was enough to make me reach down and rub my pussy! I was experiencing my own little desperation problems, with the occasional tight grasp on my crotch and the little pee pee chair dance.

“I have to peeee,” he said as he begged one more time to let him make the phone call. “Aw… I know you do dear,” I said sympathetically. Finally I was convinced he wouldn’t be able to hold it a second longer, and I let him dial my number. I swear it was no more than a millisecond when the phone rang. I’m still wondering how he dialed the phone so quickly, but I guess when one is that desperate to pee… anything’s possible. I’m surprised he didn’t let it go without even thinking the moment I answered the phone… but he didn’t.

I could hear the desperation in his voice. Ohhh… such a sweet sound! He’s leaking and watching the wet spot grow on his pants… and begging. He’s also fighting a hard on, listening to my own description of desperation. So he had two battles to fight. One being he wanted to pee sooo bad, and the other being that he wanted it to be a real gusher so I could hear it. He knew from past experience… that it’s almost impossible to pee full force with a hard on.

I think I almost sensed relief in his voice when I answered the phone… being sure he could finally empty his bladder. Did he really think I’d give in that easily? I was sooo turned on by the sound of his shaky, desperate voice… I just HAD to make him wait a little longer.

“ooo… pleasssse… I need to peeeee!”, he said as he described the growing wet spot on his pants. It was at this point he decided to pull down the cords to inspect the wet spot on those gray boxers. He had bought them for just that purpose… sure that there would be a pleasing contrast of grays as he peed. He was right… he described a VERY nice dark gray spot in front where he had let a few… mmm… yummy… spurts go.

I couldn’t help but express my own growing desire as I was sooo aroused, My own pissy wet fingers were slowly rubbing my clit through wet pants. I was wearing those medium blue, lightweight cotton knit pants that I’ve worn before for just this purpose. They’re very unrestrictive and comfortable for sitting at the computer for pee games. It was all I could do to keep from gushing and masturbating to orgasm, but I managed to bring myself to the edge and back without letting the dam burst, although a lovely wet spot was growing after many spurts and close calls.

“I think you can wait a little longer, don’t you?” Even though my own bladder felt as though it was ready to burst, I was reveling in this power I had over him. I was finally about to let him pee, when there was an unexpected interruption. His room mate came home… much earlier than expected. While I’m squirming and leaking and grabbing my crotch, I could hear his room mate talking to him through the door to his room.

Hehe… what a time to be chatty and sociable! At first he was disappointed that his room mate showed up thinking it would put a ummm damper… hehe… on our little adventure. But as it turned out, this little event added to the excitement, and to the suspense, and yet another delay, while my desperate friend was trying to sound so cool, calm and collected. Now this wasn’t an easy feat to accomplish, when only seconds before I could hear the obvious desperation in his voice, along with heavy breathing, while he squirmed and danced and held his cock trying not to pee (and not always succeeding) until I told him he could.

“I’m feeling a bit cold.”

“I’m just going to take a long hot shower.” Since he has his own bathroom off his bedroom, this was an easy ruse to pull off, and it seemed to be enough to put the room mate at bay for the time being. God that must have been painful… doing his little pee dance and trying to sound calm… when what he really want to do is scream “LET ME PEEEE!” and pee right there on the spot.

The wait was getting just as difficult for me as it was for him… and not just because I had to pee. He’d reached the point that he was going to let it go… permission or not. And let it go he did!

“Ohhh yes!. God it feels sooo good.” He described the feeling of relief as hot pee poured down his legs. “I’ve never had to pee so bad in my life!” he moaned. He put the phone there so I could hear that hisssss. Ahhh… music to my ears. I told him I wished my hand was there holding his cock while his pee flowed through my fingers. The phone definitely brought more realism to our desperation/pee games. Desperation started to show in my own voice, while I moaned to his description of his pissy pants and soaking boxers while he peed… and peed… and peed.

Finally… the flood ended and he started to tend to a growing, hard cock… stroking it slowly. Now it was my turn to open the flood gates. I had a large plastic garbage bag and towel spread out on the bed. I got on my knees and began to let it go… peeing through fingers that were slowly stroking and rubbing my pussy and clit. I put the phone down there so he could hear the whoosh! I’d been extremely aroused for some time, and with him listening and telling me what he like to do to me…

It was almost instant orgasm. mmm… warm pee was streaming down my legs, and a beautiful wet spot was growing down past my knees. He put the phone down near his cock so I could hear him stroking faster and faster as he listened to me pee and moan. I was able to stop the flow long enough to take off those wet pants. Then through pissy panties, finished peeing while I continued to rub and play in the streaming pee. Again… I put the phone down by my pussy for him to hear that lovely squishy sound while I masturbated through soaked panties. I love that feeling of getting to the edge of orgasm and backing off a bit… making the feeling last and last.

Now we could relax… well at least relax in the sense we were no longer desperate to pee, but tended to our arousal. I expressed thoughts of riding his hard cock with a full bladder… pee trickling out as we gyrate and grind. mmmm… my warm pee running down his thighs and onto his balls. He’s moaning and stroking harder… and faster. He put the phone down by his cock again so I could hear. I did the same for him… putting the receiver down close to my pussy.

“Ohhh god… I’m cumming! he moaned. More music to my ears. I could hear him stroking and moaning as he described the warm cum pumping out all over him. I had been on the edge for soooo long… it was a relief… and easy to reach orgasm at that moment. I’m imagining that warm cum spurting out all over me. mmm pure heaven! We truly reveled in the afterglow of the moment, making this a very special experience indeed… one not soon to be forgotten. I do hope though, that we’ll have this experience again.

He’s become a very dear friend… not just because we share a love for the same fetish, but because we’ve shared it together in a personal way, and can be open about the way we feel. I know I’ve said it before, but I can never say it enough… thank you hon. No matter where life takes us… you will always be in my thoughts. I do have one complaint though dear. You encouraged me to post this story. But writing it took me hours as I relived every minute of the experience… as you already are aware by my messages I’ve sent to you while I was writing this. Without even trying, you’ve already gotten your own little revenge for making you wait. I owe ya hon. Of course… when you read this, I'm sure you're fighting yet another battle, eh? It's a vicious circle, isn't it? Thanks again sweetie. :-)

