Water Music or The Puddlemeister Experiments
	Entry to: Week 26
By Michelle (1997-07-08)

(from an idea by Roland)

'It's the hard disk space that's the problem, Roland.'   Michelle paused to listen to the conversation on the  other side of the door.  She knew that voice.  Oh yes,  Thomas.  Her eyes went dreamy.  Thomas fulfilled her  sole criterion for the ideal man - he was male.

'Ja, wav files are not the answer,' came the gravelly  tones of her boss, Professor Puddlemeister. 'Too  memory consuming.  Maybe we get Caleb's peeing  sounds into MIDI format.  Ja, that's it!  We create new  MIDI instruments like gush, splash. hiss, trickle,  drib... 

Michelle stopped listening.  Men, and their silly  technical talk!  All that trouble with files.  She never  had a problem, bought one little diamond file years ago  and it still kept her nails in perfect condition.  

>From the room next door came more technical jargon.   Something about a stream simulator, downloading into  sound cards, three hours of female peeing into a  hundred kilobytes.  Michelle wasn't sure what a  kilobyte was, but she didn't think that even she could  pee into a hundred of them in three hours.  Something  else about being able to play a chosen girl on a  keyboard.  Now, that was more interesting.  Men had  played with her in lots of places, but never on a  keyboard!

She concentrated on her reflection, getting her glossy  dark hair just perfect, touching up her make-up.  Was  she ready to greet the visitor.  Hmm, hemline a bit  high, cleavage rather low.  Hoisting up the former and  pulling down the latter, she wiggled thru the door.

'Hi Thomas...  Oh, he's gone!'

'Hello Michelle.  Have you completed the filing?'  Men  and their files again!  She inspected her fingernails  carefully.

'Yes Professor.'

'Er Michelle...' he sounded hoarse.  Strange how her  see-thru dress and sexy black bra and panties always  had that effect on men.  No, couldn't be her lingerie.   She'd forgotten to put on the bra, and the panties were  currently drying on the washroom radiator after a little  accident she'd had earlier.  She though for a moment,  wondering just what had got her boss so excited.   Thinking wasn't her strong suit, so she went back to  looking sexy, which was.

'Yes Professor?'

'Have I ever told you how beautiful you look in that  dress?'

'Not since you took it off me at lunchtime.  Ooooh.   Mmmmm.  Oh Professor Puddlemeister!'

###

'Splash!' went the machine.  Michelle looked  involuntarily at her feet.  No, it wasn't her.

'Sounds right to me, professor.'

'Ah, you have ze perfect ear, Michelle!'

'Yes, it's my right one.'

'Trickle,' the machine continued.  Roland adjusted the  frequency control.

'Perfect,' said Michelle.

'Husssssss.'

'No, professor, that's not right.'

'Hossssss.'

Puddlemeister muttered under his breath and made  some more adjustments.

'Hisssssss.'

'Got it!' he cried.  'At last!  I have solved ze hiss  problem.'

'Er, professor Puddlemeister...'

'It is so difficult ze hiss.  All ze other sounds were easy, but that hiss!  Getting my stream simulator to create ze  unique, genuine female hissing sound was as difficult  as imitating, well, a Stradivarius!  But I, Professor  Puddlemeister have done it!  I see ze Nobel prize!  At  last zat Professor Tinker will have to admit that I, a  superior intellect...'

'Er, professor Puddlemeister...'

'What is it Michelle?'

'It wasn't the machine.'

'Oh.  OK, Michelle, you know where ze mop is.  Ah  well, back to ze drawing board!'

'But we don't have a drawing board professor.'

'Figure of speech, Michelle.'

'Oh,' she looked puzzled.  'They're always speaking  about my figure, but I don't see what a drawing  board...  Oh, never mind.  Oooh, look professor, my  dress has gone all transparent where it's wet.  Want to  help me change out of it? .  Ooooh.  Mmmmm.  Oh  Professor Puddlemeister!'

###

'It is ze only way, Michelle,' said the professor sadly.

'But professor I can't just pee to order.'

'Michelle, you have ze flow rate proportionately equal  to Niagra falls after ze October rains.  Haf ze time here  you spend changing your panties.  Now if anyone can  make ze authentic hissing pee sound it is you.  Now, do  you see zis waterproof microphone'

'Yes professor'

'Place it in ze appropriate spot.'

'Pardon?'

'Near ze pee hole.'

'You want me to stick it up my...'

'Ja, zat is ze idea.'

'Weird.  OK.  Oooh.  Oooooooh.  Eeeek.   Oooooooooooooh'

'No, Michelle.  Is ze microphone, not ze dildo.  Don't  stick it right up.  Here, I hold it for you.  Now, when I  nod my head, piss on it...  Aaach... Splutter...   Michelle, zat's not what I meant!'

'But you said...'

'Michelle, you should be ashamed.  Zat is a very old  joke.  Now, have another orange juice and try again...'

......

'Now Michelle, for the twenty third time, when I say  pee.  Arrgh, not yet!'

'But you said pee.  Do you have any cola, I'm getting  bored with orange...'

......

'OK, take forty two.  I use ze visual aid.' Puddlemeister  pulled a little white baton out of his jacket and took a  posture like Herbert von Karajan.  'Now when I wave  ze stick...'  He raised his baton and brought in his one- woman-orchestra. 

Hisssssss, splash, giggle, laugh, scream! 

'Ach, was perfect, zen you silly person have to giggle!'

'Oh professor, you looked so funny.  OK, OK, calm  down.  I'll drink another soda and try again.'

......

Hisssssssss

'OK, not perfect, but I think it will do.  Thank God for  that!'

'Er, professor Puddlemeister...'

'What is it Michelle?'

'We forgot ... huh ... to press ... huh ... that red  button...'

'Aaaaaaargh!!. OK, let's try, sigh, again ...' 

......

Hissssssssssssssssssss 

'At last!  Perfection!  Now nothing can stop ze  Puddlemeister triumph...'

'Er, professor Puddlemeister...'

'Always, ze superior intellect...'

'Er, professor Puddlemeister...'

'What is it Michelle?'

'Shouldn't this little cassette thingy be in the, well,  recorder thingy?'

'Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!'

'Now, professor, calm down!  Eeeeek!'  Unused as she  was to running away, the lovely lab assistant moved  very quickly indeed as her enraged boss came for her.   Once round the filing cabinet, twice round the desk,  then disaster.  Skidding on one of the many puddles,  she measured her length on the floor and lay sobbing,  soaking, in a puddle of her own pee, her tiny, thin dress  quite transparent with wet.  A sight to melt a heart  much sterner than the kindly Puddlemeister's.

'There, there, Michelle.  I'm sorry.'

'Boo hoo!'

'Hush now.  I'll help you up.'

'Boo hoo hoo!'

'There now, sit on my knee and I'll kiss it better.'

'What's wrong with your knee that you have to kiss... I  mean boo hoo hoo hoo.  Oh professor, this is nice.   Mmmmmmm.  Like it on your knee.'

'I know you do.  Ah, just a moment darling.'

Click, switch.

'What was that professor?  Oh, professor,  Oh!!   Mmmmmm!  Ooooooh!'

Hisssssssssssssssssssssssssss.

Switch, click.

'Oh professor, you got me so excited I wet myself!'

'That's no problem, Michelle.  None at all.   Mmmmmmm!'

******

Roland Puddlemeister rubbed his eyes wearily as he  opened the door to his laboratory.  These wretched  funding meetings!  He paused at the entrance.  That  was the sound of a woman wetting her panties!  Was it  his lovely assistant?  No, it sounded different - like a  woman wetting orange cotton panties under a short,  loose dress.

'Hi professor.'

'What was ze sound, Michelle?'

'It's from one of the keys of your stream thingy.  It's  called Maureen.

'Pardon?'

'Here's another one.'  From the machine came the  sound of a woman wetting white silk panties very  carefully and gently under a leather skirt.

'That's called Cindy,' continued Michelle, pressing  another key.  This time a woman in kinky boots wet her  shocking pink lace lingerie under a very tight skirt at a  discotheque.

'Don't tell me,' said Puddlemeister, 'Melissa.  And I  suppose the next one is a beautiful, athletic woman  wetting her red cheerleader panties?'

'Oooh professor, how did you know?'

'Tinker's been here!!'

'Just for a little while professor.  He wanted my advice  about tuples.'

'He talks to you about mathematics!?'

'No.  We tupled behind the desk and on the  photocopier.  Now I know I'm only supposed to do it  with members of the funding committee, but...'

'Photocopier!  Has Tinker been using ze photocopier?   Ach! Did he copy any of mine notes!  Ze scoundrel...'

'No professor, he looked at your notes, burst out  laughing and photocopied my boobs instead.  He said if  you sent that to the funding committee you'd have more  chance than...'

'Clever of him.  Zat's how we got our funding last year.   Is there anything else on ze stream simulator,  Michelle?'

'Well, professor, if I press all the keys at once...'

Hisssss, hisssss, drip, drip, dribble, splash, splat, give  us a T... T... give us an I... I... give us an N... N...

'Aaargh.  Zat is enough!'

'I made the stream simulator do something too,  professor,' said Michelle timidly.

'What?'  He looked suspiciously at his assistant.   Usually what she made equipment do was burst into  flames.  She was, however, very good at putting out  fires.

'I made some music.  Not sure if it's Blur or Oasis.   Listen.'

DRIB-DRIB-DRIB SPLA-AASH ... DRIB-DRIB-DRIB  SPLA-AASH

Puddlemeister paled.  This was the final insult!

'Ach! Is Ludvic!'

'Is she one of the Spice Girls?'

'Ludvic von Beethoven!  Ze master! And you have  played his music on ze pee machine!'

'Oh professor, I'm sorry.  He's the Beatle that just got  knighted, isn't he?  Didn't realize it was real music.   Please forgive me professor.  Give me a little kiss to say  you like me.  Mmmmmm!  Oooooh!  Oh professor!!!'

###

Thus we leave the laboratory of professor  Puddlemeister, as he and his lovely assistant explore  tuples and wavelets, and may one day get round to  converting Caleb's recordings into MIDI files (see  Thomas' Page for future developments).  In the  background we hear the gentle sound of the stream  simulator playing Beethoven's greatest hit.

Michelle, ma belle, sont les mots qui vent drip, dribble  drip-drip (hiss hiss dribble drip).

Michelle   

