Exam day

Author: J.E. Hart

Gloria woke up on Friday morning already dreading the day ahead of her. She had a big final in one of her college classes, and even though once she was through it meant she could go home and be with her family, she wished she could just go back to sleep right now and forget about the whole thing.

This final exam was in her biology class, which she had struggled through the entire semester. Now her difficulties were coming to a head with this exam, which was two hours straight of hard questions. To make matters worse, she was suffering with allergies set off by the pollen in the spring air, and her throat had been scratchy and her nose stuffed up all week.

Gloria slowly got out of bed, stretched, and went to the sink to fill her water bottle. Since her allergies began, she was drinking twice as much water than usual to help her throat.

She lived in a dorm with one roommate, and they were lucky enough to have a bathroom connected to their dorm instead of having to use the hall bathrooms.

Gloria was 20 years old and had brown eyes and long, dirty blond hair that fell in tight curls. Everyone always told her how beautiful her hair was. She played college volleyball and had a tall, athletically built body.

She had about an hour to get ready before she needed to be at her biology exam, so after she finished her glass of water, she began to prepare.

Because this was her last class of the semester, and didn’t plan on going anywhere else during the day, she put on gray joggers and a hoodie. She slipped on black running shoes and put her thick hair into a ponytail.

She made sure to fill her water bottle before she left. She could already tell that today was going to be a bad day for her allergies and she didn’t want to be focused on he throat when she was trying to get through her exam.

“Oh-one last thing before I go,” Gloria whispered, careful not to wake her sleeping roommate.

She went to the bathroom and peed, because that was another thing she didn’t want to have to worry about during her exam. They only got one break after the first hour, which was half the exam. She certainly didn’t want to fudge her way through half of it just because she needed to pee. Passing this class with decent grades was more important than that.

###

She enjoyed the brisk walk to her classroom. It was a typical cool spring morning with a light breeze, and despite the wind aggravating her allergies, she needed some fresh air before being stuffed into a classroom with 20 other students for two hours.

Checking the time on her phone, Gloria realized she was going to be annoyingly early for the exam. She decided to go grab a coffee at the cafeteria beforehand, since she could us a pick- me-up anyway.

She noticed a girl she knew from her biology class in the cafeteria also getting a coffee. She would have to mention that later, after their exam was over.

After drinking her coffee fairly quickly, she made her way to the science building and over to the biology classroom on the first floor.

“Good morning, Professor Harlow,” she said to her biology professor as she walked in the room.

“Good morning, Gloria.” Professor Harlow greeted every student who came through the door. She was a nice professor, but very strict. It seemed like sometimes she had forgotten what it was like to be a college student.

Gloria took her place at the table where she usually sat and waited for the rest of the students to arrive so that the exam could begin. She shook her leg restlessly and took a sip from her water bottle to calm her nerves. Her throat was feeling better, but her stomach was in knots. Even after studying every day the week before, she still felt like she was going to fail miserably.

A few minutes later, Professor Harlow told them to turn over the papers in front of them and begin the exam.

“You will have one break after the first hour. When two hours are up, you will put down your pencils wether you’ve answered all the questions or not.”

Gloria sighed and turned over her paper. The first few questions were easy enough, but they got progressively harder, and by the 20th question, she was already having to think longer than she was comfortable about the answer.

To make matters worse, her throat was starting to feel like sandpaper, so she had to keep pausing and getting a drink of water. Fortunately, Professor Harlow allowed students to keep their drinks with them.

Half an hour into the test, Gloria started to notice a nagging urge to pee. She took a moment to look up from her test and saw that she had almost completely drained her water bottle for a second time that day.

The feeling of needing to pee wasn’t helping her concentrate at all, so she crossed her legs and doubled down on answering more questions. She knew she only had another half an hour left before she got a break, and the the really hard questions, including open-ended ones, were going to be presented.

###

30 minutes dragged by, and quickly Gloria realized that her slight need to pee was growing by the minute. By the time she was finally halfway through the exam, her bladder was begging for release.

“All right, class, it’s time for a five minute break. Please eat any snacks you brought or go to the bathroom now, because you won’t have another chance for an hour,” Professor Harlow told her students.

Three girls Gloria knew jumped up and made a beeline for the bathroom. She walked out the door right behind them.

“I have to pee so bad,” one of the girls squealed, dramatically performing a little dance as she and the other two girls with her walked down the hallway.

“So do I,” another agreed. “I thought the first hour would never end.”

Gloria felt the same way they did. She just hoped they would hurry up in the bathroom, because the only women’s bathroom in the first floor of the science building was a single stall. There was a larger bathroom with multiple stalls upstairs, but she didn’t think there would be enough time to get up there, pee, and make it back down to the biology classroom.

She waited impatiently as the girl who had complained so much went in. She took at least a minute, which made Gloria even more anxious. She kept checking her phone, crossing her legs, and checking her phone again. Finally, the first girl came out and waited as the second one went in.

“I need to go so badly/ the girl next to Gloria, whose name was Emily, whispered.

Emily was the girl Gloria has seen in the cafeteria earlier. She had short brown hair and and always had a big smile across her freckled face. She was short and always impeccably dressed, and today was no different. She had on a white linen babydoll dress and tall brown boots. Her breasts were so small, she didn’t need to wear a bra.

She bobbed up and down as she spoke, as if to make a point. As she did, Gloria noticed her nipples hardening against the soft fabric of her dress.

“So do I" Gloria whispered back. “I’ve had two bottles of water and a cup of coffee this morning.”

“That’s nothing compared to what I’ve had. I drank two full glasses of water when I woke up, then I made a cup of tea, and on my way here I stopped to have some coffee. To top it all off, I forgot to pee right before I left this morning, so I haven’t actually gone since, like, 6 am.”

Gloria’s eyes widened. She looked down at her phone to check the time: it was 10:05.

“Wow, that’s a long time to not pee when you’ve had that much to drink."

Emily nodded and smiled wryly. “Yeah, it really is. Hey, what time is it? I don’t have my phone with me.”

Gloria read the time aloud to Emily, who quickly straightened up and began pounding on the bathroom door. “Lori, it’s time to go! Our five minute break is up!”

Lori let out a string of expletives from inside the bathroom before she could be heard flushing the toilet and washing her hands.

Emily sighed and looked down at her feet. “I guess we’ll both have to wait to use the bathroom, then.”

Gloria couldn’t believe her bad luck. If only she had been the first to get up, she would have gone pee and gotten back to the classroom already. As it was, now she and the others would have to run back to make it there on time.

###

Running proved to be difficult for Gloria, who hadn’t realized how much worse her urge to pee had gotten since waiting for a chance to use the bathroom. Each step caused her bladder to bounce up and down, sending jolts of panic through her. She could practically feel the liquids sloshing around inside.

They made it to the classroom almost two minutes late, and already Gloria could tell that the professor wasn’t happy about it.

“I’ll need to see you after the exam is over,” she told each girl as they passed by her.

Great, just what I need, Gloria thought, carefully sitting down in a way that wouldn’t disrupt her bladder.

She flipped over the page she was working on and quickly realized that it was impossible to concentrate with her bladder throbbing every second. She looked down at her protruding bulge and wondered if she could possibly wait another hour-plus. She really had no idea how long

Professor Harlow would keep her and the others.

Working on the exam got progressively harder for Gloria. She tried to concentrate on the questions, but every time she did she was reminded of the pressing need in her bladder.

She sneaked looks at Emily, who was sitting across from her, every few minutes. Emily looked to be in worse shape than Gloria was. She had her legs crossed and was constantly shaking the free one, and she was biting her lip and had her eyebrows furrowed.

When Gloria came upon the essay section of the exam, she nearly panicked. She was fairly certain she had enough time left to finish it, but writing a cohesive essay on a topic she didn't understand very well was going to be nearly impossible. She decided to raise her hand and hope Professor Harlow would understand and let her go to the bathroom. She couldn't possibly want any of her students to fail her class, right?

"Gloria, this is not the day to be asking questions. Please lower your hand and continue with the exam. You're distracting the other students."

When she said this, a few people looked up from their papers but seemed unbothered otherwise.

Gloria sighed and lowered her hand again, placing near her crotch in case she had an emergency and needed to prevent a leak.

Emily, like the other students, heard what Professor Harlow said and looked over sympathetically. Gloria could tell she wasn't faring any better.

###

She decided that the only thing she could do now was buckle down and get to work on the essay. It wasn't an open book exam, so she had to rely on what she already knew. The exam specified that students could pick any topic they wanted, so she went with something easy and got started. At this point she didn't care if her grade was affected; she just wanted out of this exam as quickly as possible.

As Gloria quickly composed sentences on the paper with one hand, she kept the other firmly planted on her crotch just in case. She didn't think it was that bad yet, but she absolutely didn't want to risk anything embarrassing happening. The way she was sitting prevented anyone else from seeing where her hand was, so she wasn't worried about that.

Until the boy sitting next to her whispered in her ear: "Gotta pee?"

Gloria jumped and immediately moved her hand down by her thigh.

"Uh, no, why?"

"You just seem fidgety, that's all. Sorry."

Gloria shook her head. "It's okay. I'm just nervous, that's all. I-"

"Gloria, stop talking. This is college, not high school. I shouldn't have to reprimand you for these sorts of things."

Gloria squeezed her eyes shut as she felt tears forming. Professor Harlow was going to kill her after this exam was over. She had managed to do nearly everything wrong today, and on top of it all, she had to pee like a monster.

She fought back the tears and continued on with her writing. She couldn’t lose momentum now that she was finally starting to feel confident in what she had put down so far.

Then her bladder contracted and she felt the tiniest dribble of pee leak into her underwear, causing her to gasp quietly and look down.

She was pretty sure she hadn't leaked through to her pants, and fortunately they looked dry on the outside. This meant serious trouble, however, as she had never leaked from needing to pee before.

Gloria clenched her fist, moved forward in her seat, and pressed it down into her crotch. She was sure no one could see her now.

Her predicament was getting really serious, so she raced through the rest of her essay, skimmed it for any mistakes, and went to the next page where there were several more questions.

At this point, she looked back up at Emily, who appeared to still be writing her essay. Gloria could see that she had her hand in her crotch as well, but it was much more apparent. Emily didn't seem like the kind of person to care about anything other people thought of her. Gloria wished that she, too, had that trait.

Emily must have felt Gloria watching her, as she looked up and met Gloria's eyes with her own.

She gave a defeated, lopsided smile and went back to working on her exam, jiggling her legs the entire time.

Gloria spared a moment to look at the clock before going back to her papers and was shocked to see that she only had ten minutes left. This was good news for her bladder, but bad news for Gloria herself.

She started filling in bubbles half-randomly, hoping she would finish in enough time to go to the bathroom before Professor Harlow called Gloria and the other two girl up to have a word with her.

She bounced her legs a little because she felt a leak just being held at bay. She couldn't risk another one as much as she wanted to, so she pressed her hand a little deeper into her crotch.

It almost felt good to squeeze her pee hole, but that was the last thing she wanted on her mind, so she ignored the tingling feeling she was beginning to get and forged through the rest of the exam.

###

Gloria finished filling in the last bubble with three more minutes left before the last biology class of the semester was over. She breathed a sigh of relief, started to sit back in her chair to alleviate the stress she was feeling in her shoulders and back, and stopped short as it stretched her bladder out.

She whimpered in pain and felt her underwear dampen again. The warm, wet fabric against her pussy made her want to just pee right there, but she willed herself not to and hunched over.

After taking a moment to ensure she wasn't going to leak again, she started to stand up. She noticed that no one else was getting up, even though it was obvious some people had already finished their exams. Not wanting to be that one person, she settled back into her seat.

She wouldn't have enough time to pee anyway without risking Professor Harlow getting upset again.

I'll just ask Professor once we're alone in here, she thought. Emily probably will too, so at least I won't be alone.

Being reminded of Emily, Gloria looked back over at her and saw her gently tapping her pencil on the table, waiting for the professor to let everyone go.

"All right, everyone, time's up. Thank you all for a great semester, and I'll have your grades up for this last exam by the end of next week."

Almost everyone in the room stood up and started chattering about one thing or another. Gloria, along with Emily and Lori, remained seated.

As soon as everyone else had filtered out of the room, Professor Harlow addressed the three left.

"Thank you for staying behind, girls. I know you’re all worn out and want leave, but I need to talk to you about what happened during the exam today. You can stay in your seats, though; don't worry about coming up here."

Gloria breathed a sigh of relief. The contents in her bladder were growing by the second, and she really didn't think she could stand still for even one minute.

"I think it's important that you understand proper conduct during test days," Professor Harlow continued. "Of course, you're all adults now and you don't need to be told what to do all the time, but there will be other classes in the future where being late-or talking with others-" she looked pointedly at Gloria, "will get you into serious trouble with the professor."

Gloria and the others nodded. None of this was news to them.

Professor Harlow droned on for a few more minutes. Gloria was beginning to get restless and decided to cross her legs. Since the whole lecture was about student conduct and not interrupting or being a distraction, she felt it was best not to tempt fate and ask to use the bathroom before Professor was done with them.

Getting to a toilet as soon as possible was becoming crucial, though. It seemed like it was going to be much more difficult to stand and walk now than it had been over an hour ago.

Finally Professor Harlow let them go and bade them a good summer away from school. Lori left quickly and Gloria and Emily both got up very slowly and carefully.

They met up at the door and walked out together.

"It's a good thing she let us leave when she did," Emily said. "I'm literally about to pee myself!" she giggled and held herself over her dress.

"Same," Gloria agreed. "I didn't think I could hold it much longer without bursting!"

They shuffled to the nearest bathroom, which was the single stall, family style one.

Gloria's heart sank when she saw the line for it.

"I guess everyone had the same idea as as we did."

"Oh, no," Emily squealed, squatting down briefly and popping back up. "I can't wait in line this long."

Gloria bit her lip and squirmed around, trying to think of an alternative. An idea popped into her mind: "Let's go upstairs to the big one. There's bound to be at least one stall open, and you can go first."

She immediately regretted giving Emily the chance to use the bathroom before her. Her bladder bulge was pressing against the soft waistband of her joggers and it was making her feel more desperate than ever before.

They walked up the stairs to the second nearest bathroom, and Gloria could feel tears in her eyes. Her bladder felt like a basketball inside her that might pop if anything so much as brushed against it.

She felt several more dribbles come out with the steps she took up the stairs. When they neared the top, Emily gasped and doubled over, using both hands to hold her crotch.

"What's wrong?" Gloria asked, stopping short and dancing in place.

"I just let a spurt come out," Emily whispered. "I hope I didn't get any on my dress."

She slowly pulled her hands away and examined her dress. Gloria peered closer and noticed a small wet spot on it.

"I did," Emily whined. "This can't be happening!"

"Well, let's hurry to the bathrooms, then," Gloria instructed her, trying to remain calm.

Something about the situation was very hot to her, and she felt her underwear getting wet again, except this time it wasn't from pee.

They made it up the stairs without any further accidents before Emily had to stop again.

"I can't go any farther," she breathed, slouching over and bending her knees.

"Yes, you can," Gloria encouraged.

Since Emily wasn't moving on her own anymore and Gloria couldn't keep standing here with her, she grabbed her arm and dragged her along.

"We're going to make it and we're going to pee in the toilets. I won't have you ruining that pretty dress."

###

As the two girls drew nearer to the bathrooms, Gloria noticed something strange. The light inside the women's side seemed to not be on. She chalked it up to the fact that a large number of students had already finished up their semester and the custodians just assumed there wouldn't be anyone using the bathrooms on the second floor of the science building.

"We're almost there, see?" she made Emily look up so she knew the bathrooms were in sight.

Emily nodded, then asked: "Why are the lights off?"

Gloria shrugged. "Probably just lack of students on campus. It's not a big deal; we can turn them on when we get in there."

Seeing all the toilet stalls lined up in a row was almost too much for Gloria. The thought of sweet relief caused her to involuntarily leak another spurt into her underwear. She squeezed her legs and marched in place just to prevent a full stream from starting.

"You go in the first stall and I'll take the second one," she said to Emily, who nodded in response, her eyes screwed shut.

As they drew closer to the first stall, Gloria noticed a sign on the door.

"It says that it's out of order," she sighed, her heart dropping. "Let's try the next one."

They moved down the row of stalls, finding the same paper sign on every single door.

"What?' Emily cried when they had looked at the last stall in the room. "They can't all be out of order!"

Tears sprung from her eyes and she started to quietly whimper, holding her crotch as tightly as humanly possible and dancing in place furiously.

"I can't hold it any more."

Gloria chewed on her lower lip as she held her own pee back. She started to pace around as she decided what to do.

"We could go back downstairs to the single bathroom. Maybe the queue for it has died down?"

Emily shook her head. "I can't go all the way down there; I'm actually going to explode!" She bounced up and down, her nipples rubbing against her thin dress again, making them perk up.

"There are no other bathrooms up here. Come on, we have to go back downstairs no matter what."

Gloria did take a moment to scan the bathroom for anything they could possibly pee in, but aside from the sinks which she didn't think they could climb up on without wetting themselves, there was nothing.

She did the same for the hallway once she finally convinced Emily that they had to go back down the long flight of stairs, but there wasn't so much as a trash can out there. It really was dead on the upper floor of the building.

Emily paused at the top of the staircase and squirmed around. She adjusted her hand on her crotch and as soon as she let go temporarily, a spurt of pee escaped and dripped onto the floor. She gasped and quickly replaced her hand, moaning as she struggled to put a stop to the drips.

Seeing and hearing Emily’s pee was almost too much for Gloria. She debated pulling her pants down and going right there. No one was around to see, and she could just clean it up with paper towels from the bathroom. A drop of pee re-dampened the now-cold cotton gusset of her underwear.

No, Gloria, you can't do that. You're not a child, she thought sternly.

She had to abandon all thoughts of peeing before she started to by accident, so she coaxed Emily to walk down the stairs with her.

###

They got down to the first floor again after an agonizingly long journey and looked over at the queue for the bathroom. Gloria was hoping to see a much shorter line, but her eyes widened when she saw how many more people were waiting than before. She didn't recognize anyone in the line, meaning both she and Emily probably would have had a chance to pee already had they just toughed it out and waited.

She did see several girls dancing and squirming while they waited, so at least they weren't the only ones struggling.

"Excuse me," Gloria said to the girl at the front of the line, "how long have you been waiting in line?"

"Ages," the girl moaned. "I thought it would be a quick trip and I didn't want to go back to my dorm and pee, but I've been waiting at least ten minutes since I got here. Maybe more."

Gloria thanked her and turned back to face Emily, who looked ready to cry again.

"What do we do?" she whispered to Gloria.

Gloria shrugged and buried her hand in her crotch as she felt another tiny leak.

"I know I won't be able to get all the way back to my dorm at this rate, and you probably can't either, huh?"

Emily shook her head vigorously, her pleading eyes meeting Gloria's.

"The next nearest toilet is, like, two buildings away in the cafeteria. We could try to walk there, but I feel like that would take too long."

Suddenly she grabbed Emily's arm again and began to pull her to the door.

"Hey, don't! I'm seriously going to pee if you do that."

"I know of one place we can go that's not too far away." Gloria furrowed her brow and bit at her lip while she thought out her new plan. "We're going to need to hurry, though."

Her bladder ached as she and Emily walked as fast as they could to the front doors. Being seconds away from release was causing her to leak more and more, much to Gloria's dismay.

She led Emily behind the science building where the wooded part of the campus began. It wasn't too far past that where the trees grew thick and there was lots of underbrush: the perfect place for two desperate girls to pee.

"What do you think?" Gloria asked Emily once she understood her plan.

"I-I guess so," Emily blushed. "I'm kind of shy about peeing in front of others though."

Gloria felt her own cheeks growing hot. "Oh, well, I'm not just anyone. Besides, if you don't go in the woods here, you're going to wet yourself."

Emily didn't say anything as they continued into the woods.

Once they had reached a clearing far enough in the woods that they wouldn't be seen by anyone, Gloria stopped walking and arched her back forward to help take some of the pressure off her bladder.

"You go first," she told Emily, "and I'll keep an eye out people."

Emily's eyes began to glisten with tears and she buried her hand deeper in her crotch. "I can't," she whispered. "I'm too embarrassed."

Gloria was surprised. Emily was not the type of person to care at all usually, which was why she admired her so much. "Okay, I'll go first. I really can't wait any longer anyway."

Emily turned away as Gloria bounced around, struggling to pull her joggers down without leaking.

She finally got them down, revealing her hot pink underwear. She thought she saw Emily turn around just a little bit before looking back in the direction of campus, but she couldn't be sure.

In one swift motion, she pulled her underwear down and squatted on the ground. A hot jet of pee had already begun hissing out of her underwear and hitting the ground, but it came in a torrent the moment she relaxed.

"Oh, my God, it feels so good," she moaned, closing her eyes and sighing.

She could just hear Emily's whimpers over the sound of her pee splattering on the ground, making her pussy throb.

After what felt like forever, her stream of urine turned into a trickle and she was finally done. After she finished peeing, Gloria inspected the damage on her underwear. They were entirely soaked through the gusset, but overall they weren't too bad. She would just have to hurry back to her dorm and put them in the laundry.

She slowly stood, pulled up her flooded underwear and joggers and walked over to Emily.

"Your turn," she said softly, still basking in her sweet relief.

Emily danced in place, her feet facing inward and her knees bent, but she didn’t make any attempt to pull her underwear down and start peeing.

Now that Gloria wasn’t burdened by her own overfilled bladder, she could fully enjoy watching Emily. The sight of her bouncing and squirming was making her clit throb, and she long to reach inside her underwear and rub her wet pussy.

"Emily? You can pee now."

"I don't think I'll be able to even if I try," Emily confessed.

Gloria's heart was pounding in her chest. "Well, just try anyway. You've been holding for hours and you've already leaked a ton."

Emily tried to remove her hand from her crotch, but immediately inhaled sharply and put it back in place.

"I leaked again," she told Gloria.

"I'll help you take your underwear off," Gloria offered.

"Would you really? Thanks!" Emily smiled and blushed again.

If only she knew how much of a favor she was actually doing for me, Gloria thought, rubbing her legs together and feeling the wetness between her thighs spread.

She lifted up Emily's short white dress so she could reach her underwear and was shocked at how much Emily's bladder bulged from her petite frame. It had been concealed by the loose dress before, but now she understood why Emily had been so desperate for so long.

"Oh, my God, Emily, you're holding so much pee!"

"I know," Emily nodded her head.

Gloria reached for the waistband of Emily's blue-and-white striped underwear.

"You're going to have to move your hand."

Emily squeezed her eyes shut, took a deep breath, and pulled her hand away from her crotch. A spurt of pee flowed into her striped underwear, which were already dripping from leaks.

"Hurry!" Emily squealed.

Gloria quickly pulled Emily's underwear down her clenched thighs, accidentally bumping her protruding belly in the process.

"Ow!" Emily cried, replacing her hand in her freshly shaved slit as a big spurt of pee sprayed past it.

"Sorry!" Gloria said, gasping. "Your underwear are down now, so you can pee."

Emily didn't need to be told. She shuffled around so she was facing away from Gloria, her yellow-stained underwear at her ankles, and squatted near the ground.

Before she could even remove her hand, another stream of pee gushed onto the earth beneath her with so much force it splattered onto her boots.

Gloria couldn’t help but watch. She knew she should look away, but her eyes were glued on the back of Emily’s pussy, which was quivering with the effort of holding back a torrent of urine.

Emily moved her hand away and for a few seconds, she seemed to have no trouble peeing.

But her pee hole clamped shut again long before she was finished and she moaned loudly.

The starting and stopping of her flow continued for the next couple of minutes while Gloria watched the entire scene unfold in front of her. Her own pussy was pounding now and she was in desperate need of relieving her swollen clit.

###

As Emily slowly emptied her bladder, breathing hard and practically crying as she did so, Gloria feverishly rubbed her clit through her pants, getting closer and closer to the edge. For a moment, Emily looked back and locked eyes with Gloria, smiling knowingly.

With a sigh, Emily finally managed to empty herself of the last few drips of pee. She stood up, legs shaking and face flushed, and turned to Gloria, who hesitantly stopped massaging herself.

"Thank you so much for helping me," she said. "I feel tons better and I don't think I would have made it without you."

"Well," Gloria gestured at Emily's underwear which were still around her ankles, "those are ruined, but I guess that's not the worst." She smiled and Emily returned it again, her face flushed.

"I should be going now. I actually still have one more class today, and now I'll have to go back and change my underwear and probably my dress, too.

As Emily readied herself to go back to her dorm, Gloria stared down at the puddles both the girls had made. Emily's was significantly larger than Gloria's, and she truly had no idea how Emily had been able to hold all those liquids in her tiny body.

"Well, see you later," Emily said, snapping Gloria out of her thoughts.

"Yep, see you!"

Gloria waved goodbye and waited until Emily was long gone to thrust her hand into her pants and finish what she had started earlier.

In no time at all she came, covering her mouth with one hand to stifle any noises. Waves of pleasure shook her body and she collapsed to her knees just feet away from what remained of Emily's puddle of pee.

She let a moan escape her lips, closing her eyes and imagining Emily losing spurts of pee while they had been in the woods together.

After riding the feeling of one of the most intense orgasms of her life, Gloria carefully stood up and gathered herself. She couldn't believe what had transpired in the last few hours. It felt wrong to just go back to normal life after that.

"Who knew that a terrible exam day could turn into this?" Gloria murmured to herself, taking one last look back and imagining the events that took place in the woods before walking back to campus.

