
###

My next Omorashi experience was not one I intended to have. It started on my way back to college after a refreshing summer break at my parents house.

To get back to my college campus from the airport, since I didn’t have a car to drive, I had to take the train. It wasn’t too long of a ride, only a couple of hours, but it was my only reliable method of transportation back to my campus.

Since I always get dehydrated on airplanes, I make sure to drink lots of water. My flight back was also pretty early in the morning, so my parents and I had to be awake by 6:00 am to get to the airport in time. We were running a little late because of course we all woke up past the time we needed to, so we stopped on the way to get coffee.

I had put on some comfortable, loose linen pants, and a tank top with a light sweater over it. It wasn’t exactly cold out, but the morning was chilly and I wanted to be prepared in case I had to wait somewhere cooler during the day. I put my hair, which had faded out into a plum color over the summer, into a french braid to keep it out of my face.

I had finished my latte by the time we got to the airport, where I said goodbye to my parents for the next few months and went past security. I had about an hour to wait for my flight to take off, so I decided to buy a water bottle at a kiosk.

I downed that bottle while I walked around, growing the various airport stores to pass the time. I realized two things about ten minutes before I had to be at my gate: one, I needed more water for my flight, and two, I needed to pee.

I ran to the bathroom so I would have one last chance to use a nice enough toilet before my only option was the plane, and when I was done in there I got two more bottle of water. I could already tell I would have to pee again, but didn’t worry about it because the flight wasn’t long anyway and if it was an emergency I could always use the plane bathroom.

I made it onto the plane without any issues and got settled into my seat. As soon as I took out the book I bought to read, my bladder twinged and I thought about getting up to pee after we were in the air.

I forgot all about that need, though, when I became engrossed in my book. I took out one of my water bottles and began sipping it, making sure I stayed hydrated throughout the trip. I also got some soda from the flight attendant, even though I knew I shouldn’t because it wouldn’t help me stay well-hydrated.

The plane landed about three hours later, and I got my carryon and stood up form my seat to file off the plane. Immediately, I noticed a pressure in my bladder. Since I was getting off the plane, I decided I would just use the bathroom at the airport.

###

Unfortunately, everyone else apparently had that idea as well, and once I had my luggage and made my way to the closest bathroom, there was a queue formed. At this point I weighed my options, shifting a little on my feet to keep the feeling in my bladder from getting too bad.

I could either wait in this queue, find another bathroom, or just get over to the train station and use the bathroom there. Rather than run across an airport in search of a bathroom, I chose to head over to the train station, where I would be prepared to board my train after using the bathroom.

I walked a few blocks till a got to the station, getting steadily more desperate along the way. I checked the time on my phone to make sure everything was going smoothly. It was, so I relaxed a little and slowed my pace. Walking slower made it easier to hold my pee, which was a great comfort to me.

I got to the train station and checked the times there. I had never had a train be exactly on time, so I was prepared to have to wait a little longer. To my surprise, it was still on schedule, which left me about 20 minutes to use the bathroom and get back to wait for it to arrive.

That's plenty of time, I thought to myself. I was in no hurry. So when I looked up at the line for the women’s bathroom, I didn’t feel even the slightest bit of worry.

Until I waited in that line for 10 minutes. I even checked my phone just to make sure it didn’t feel like a longer wait than it was. I watched a few people in front of me leave, a couple of them with their hands buried in their pants or dancing around as they left.

“What do you think is taking so long?” a middle-aged woman in front of me asked.

I shrugged. “Maybe some of the cubicles are out of order? I wish they would hurry, though. I need to get on a train in about ten minutes.”

The woman nodded. “So do I. I haven’t had a chance to use the bathroom since this morning, so I was really hoping for this chance. I don’t know if the train will have a bathroom or not.”

Despite implying that she was desperate to pee, the woman didn’t move around at all. In fact, she seemed perfectly composed. I, on the other hand, was getting a little frazzled. It wasn’t an emergency yet, but I didn’t think I would last another two hours. I was getting to know my bladder very well and this wasn’t shaping up to be a good scenario.

After about five more minutes of waiting and only moving up two in the queue, I determined that I absolutely would not get a chance to use the bathroom here before my train came. Even if it was late by now, the line was moving too slowly and I was too far back in it to get a cubicle in any reasonable amount of time.

I squeezed my thighs together briefly and exhaled loudly. Leaving the queue felt like admitting defeat, so I told myself that I was going to get to a bathroom at some point today before I had an accident to feel better about not being able to use a toilet.

###

Getting aboard the train, which was just a couple minutes late, felt wrong, considering I still needed to pee. My brain - and my bladder - were telling me I was missing something. I clenched my muscles for a few seconds once I was sitting down to let my body know that everything was going to be okay and I could hold it.

I was surprised to see, a few minutes later, the woman I had met in the queue walk onto the train and sit down next to me. She recognized me as she set her bag down and smiled.

“Hey, I saw you over by the bathroom, right?”

“Yep! Did you ever have a chance to use the toilet?” I asked.

“No.” She sighed, resting her hands on her lap.

“I guess I’m just going to have to wait.”

The woman was tall and had short brown hair. I assumed she was around my mom’s age, although she might have been a little older.

“Sorry to hear that. I ended up just leaving the line to get on the train.”

“I waited as I could in line, but unfortunately even with the train being a little bit late, it wasn’t enough time. My name’s Cathy, by the way.”

“Hi, Cathy, nice to meet you. My name’s Zoe.”

“Where are you headed to, Zoe?”

“Back to my college. I was home for summer break and I actually just got off a flight. I have to take the train to campus because I don’t have a car.”

“Oh, okay.”

“What about you?” As I said that, my bladder throbbed ever-so-slightly and I had to play it off like I didn’t have to pee, which was getting more and more difficult.

“I was visiting my son here for a week and now I’m going back home. He only lives a few hours away from me, but I hate driving and prefer to take the train.”

I chatted with Cathy for a while longer. She seemed like a nice person, but it was hard to stay focused on what she was saying. I kept feeling like I should cross my legs or something to help with the pressure, but I also didn’t want to openly reveal how much I had to pee to a near-stranger.

Cathy seemed to be having trouble as well, as every few minutes she would kind of lose track of what she was saying, adjust her sitting position, and seem flustered as she tried to get back into the conversation.

Normally I would have been turned on by needing to pee, of course, but I wasn’t comfortable holding in public yet, especially when it wasn’t on my terms. Still, I tried to make myself enjoy it a little bit more by reminding myself that I would kill to feel this kind of need to pee in the privacy of my own home.

About a quarter of the way through my trip, I realized how thirsty I was getting. I still had the other water bottle I purchased before my flight, so I took that out of my bag. I had a fleeting thought that I would regret drinking this water, as water usually went right through me and I already had to pee, but I really was thirsty.

Ultimately I decided a few sips couldn’t hurt. I would just space it out throughout the trip. Cathy gave me a surprised look when I took the cap off the bottle and drank some of the water.

“I wouldn’t dare drink anything with the state I’m in.”

“Well, normally I wouldn’t, either, but I’m a little dehydrated from flying and I don’t want to make myself sick. I can always use the bathroom on the train, too.”

Cathy’s eyes lit up. “I forgot about that! I’m going to go find out where it is.”

“Okay. Let me know if you find it.”

I took another drink of water before forcing myself to replace the cap and put it away. As much as I wanted to drink more, I knew that would be a mistake. The soda from the airplane was starting to hit my bladder, and boy, was it hitting hard. It was getting difficult for me to sit still with the constant ache I was feeling now.

Cathy came back a few minutes later look stressed and a little annoyed. “It’s out of order,” she told me. “Apparently they’ve been having some problems with it the last few trips, so it’s not available to use at all today.”

“That sucks,” I said.

My backup plan was destroyed, so all I could do now was wait. I did entertain the thought of using my water bottle to pee in, but one, I would have to drink the rest of the water in it which might come back to bite me later, and two, I would have to pull down my pants to use it. I was absolutely not going to do that and risk people seeing me. It didn’t matter that we were in the back of the train. So, I shoved that though deep into my mind and continued to try to forget my pressing need.

Fortunately, the pants I was wearing were very forgiving with my bladder. The had an elastic waistband and were very loose-fitting, so they expanded nicely for my slowly growing bladder bulge.

I took another drink of water a few minutes later and shivered. It was a little cold in the train and the water wasn’t helping, so I pulled my cardigan tighter around me and folded my arms, resting them on my waist and feeling the weight of them push down into my filling bladder.

Immediately I removed my arms and placed them on my thighs, clasping my hands together and leaning forward a bit to help with the pain I had brought upon myself.

“This is a pretty bad situation,” I heard Cathy say, reminding me that I wasn’t alone and needed to be more careful with my actions.

Cathy was sitting with her legs crossed and her hands very close to her crotch. She was wearing jeans, which I could only imagine dug into her waist uncomfortably, but her loose shirt covered any possibility of a bulge.

“Yeah, I’m not doing great myself,” I laughed. “I hope for some reason the train arrives in the station early so we don’t have to wait as long as we think we do.”

It was as if the conductor heard my words, because as soon as I said that, the train began to slow down. I quickly looked at the time and shook my head in disbelief.

“We can’t be there yet,” I said.

Still, I could hope.

“No, there’s no way,” Cathy agreed.

I looked out the window, hoping I could see my station coming into view. Instead, I saw nothing. Well, not exactly. I saw fields and an ugly road and some trees in the distance, but this was not any station, let alone the station I wanted to be at.

###

A few minutes later, when the train was at a complete halt, the conductor came back and started talking.

“I apologize for the delay, but we’re having a minor problem with the engine. We should have it fixed soon, so please bear with us.”

I’m pretty sure my jaw was hanging open. This couldn’t be happening.

“Oh, no,” Cathy groaned, shifting in her seat.

“How long do you think it will take?” I asked Cathy when I finally managed to clamp my mouth shut again.

Cathy shook her head. “I don’t know. I’ve never had anything happen to me before like this.”

I had so many questions I wanted to ask, but the conductor was already gone. With nothing left to do but wait, I settled into my seat and took out my phone. At least it was a distraction.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Cathy’s free leg bouncing back and forth. She wasn’t nearly as composed as she had been when we were standing in the queue together. It was hard to gauge how desperate she was, but I didn’t think she was any better off than me. And I was getting very desperate very fast.

Every few seconds I felt a pang in my bladder as it sent warning signals that it was getting full. At first, since there was nothing I could do, I ignored it. But after a while, those throbs were only getting more intense and I had to cross my legs tightly, squeezing my pelvic muscles. I just had to stay in control and I would be fine.

Except half-an-hour later, the train wasn’t moving and no one knew what was going on. Murmurs began going up and down the car as people wondered what could possibly be wrong. I was concerned about the train, of course, because I wanted to get home, but my reasons for that were a little different than most people’s.

The water I drank earlier, plus all the liquids I hadn’t had a chance to empty out after the last time I used the bathroom several hours earlier, were sloshing around. My phone, which was an effective distraction for a while, was getting less and less effective. I couldn’t really concentrate on reading anything or playing a game, because I needed it for holding back a flood.

Another ten minutes passed and I started getting antsy. I put my phone down and leaned forward, looking around the car for any sign of, well, anything that would either make me feel better or indicate we were going to star moving soon. I saw Cathy was moving around a lot more too, and I assumed she was having real trouble holding her pee now.

Finally, the conductor came back and told everyone that the train would begin moving in about fifteen more minutes. It was now over an hour behind schedule, but he assured us that we wouldn’t have to stop again.

I sighed in relief after hearing the news. I felt immense pressure in my abdomen and my pee hole was starting to get strained too. I knew it was only a matter of time before I would start having to worry about leaks.

I turned to look at Cathy, who had a worried look on her face. “At least the train’s about to start moving again, right?” I asked.

“Well, that’s good, but I - um - I leaked a little bit just a few minutes ago,” she confessed.

She was holding her purse in her lap now, presumably to hide any wet spot that might be on her pants.

I raised my eyebrows. “Oh, sorry to hear that. I didn’t realize it was that bad.”

“I’ve had kids before and I’m getting older, so it’s a little harder for me to hold a lot,” she explained. “I don’t think I really have to go any worse than you, I just can’t hold it in as long.”

“Well, we only have about two hours left before we get to the train station,” I encouraged. “I’m sure we’ll both be able to hold until then.”

Cathy nodded, but she didn’t look any less worried. I couldn’t imagine how I would feel if I already leaked this early into the train ride. I was just grateful I could hold a decent amount before getting too desperate.

###

Once the train was moving again, I took out my water bottle and drank more from it, feeling encouraged by the speed we were picking up.

Much to my chagrin, as I swallowed that water, my bladder spasmed and I had to clench my thighs as tightly as possible to prevent a leak. My mind was racing with what to do. More water right now was out of the question, but my need was already rapidly getting worse and I had to take measures to prevent that.

My legs were already crossed, but I kept them squeezed tightly together and decided that if I wanted a chance at being dry when we pulled into the station, I just had to hold myself.

I almost moaned as I put my hand between my legs and pressed into my pee hole, but I managed to stay silent. The relief was wonderful and I had to admit, I was starting to get a little turned on by the whole situation. I thought it might help me hold, so I let my thoughts wander, my underwear getting progressively wetter from my pussy juices.

Cathy brought me out of my thoughts when she tapped me on the shoulder. I quickly removed my hand, my bladder protesting the sudden lack of support.

“Yeah?” I asked.

“I don’t think I can wait,” she said, biting her lip. “But I don’t know what else to do. Do you have any ideas?”

I blushed slightly. “Well, you could hold yourself with your hand/’ I whispered. “I’ve been doing that.”

Her face lit up slightly. “Does it help? Normally I would be too embarrassed to ever try that, but I’ll do anything at this point to not wet myself.”

“It works well for me. Just make sure that if you have to remove it for any reason, you’re prepared to hold your pee back without it.”

I watched as Cathy put her hand between her legs, sighing as she did so. Evidently it helped, because she stopped fidgeting so much for a while. I went back to my fantasies, my fingers pressing up on my sensitive pussy. I couldn’t wait to get home and release the tension.

Fantasizing about what I would do as soon as I had time alone helped for a little while. But my bladder was whining the entire time, and eventually it was just too hard to concentrate on my thoughts anymore. The pressure was so intense, it felt like I might just burst. I tenderly rubbed my belly with my free hand. There was a pretty big bulge there, and it wasn’t really concealed behind my tight tank top, so I could see it well too.

With just one hour left in the trip, my bladder was no longer allowing me to simply hold myself. I had to move around. I wished I weren’t confined to sitting down, because at least walking would give me some much needed movement that I couldn’t really get where I was.

Cathy was moving a lot more again, too. I asked her if she was doing okay and she shook her head at me, telling me she felt another leak.

“There’s no way I can wait another hour. I’m about to pee myself and there’s nothing I can do about it. Nothing I’m trying is helping anymore.”

I didn’t have any more advice for her, so all I could do was tell her I was in the same boat. Er, wrong choice of words.

She nodded her head. “I noticed you’ve been moving around much more than you were earlier. If you don’t mind my asking, have you leaked at all yet?”

“Not yet, thank God.”

###

As soon as I finished speaking and turned my head to look out the window, a hot, wet spurt of pee burst past the pressure my fingers were placing on my pee hole. My eyes widened and I held on tighter, wiggling my legs around furiously. This was seriously bad.

With my first leak in my underwear, the seal had been broken. Now my pee was looking for any way past the blockade of my fingers, and I had a terrible feeling that if I removed my hand, I would spray pee all over. My only hope was that, with everything I was doing to see it in, I could at least wait until I was off the train and run to the train bathroom.

We were on the last stretch of the trip when I leaked for the second time. There was no way I could stay still anymore. I was fanning my legs back and forth and bouncing up and down in my seat, and I didn’t care what anyone else thought. It was better than wetting myself in front of them.

Cathy was sweating a little, her lips pursed and both her hands buried into the crotch of her jeans. She was sitting stock still, which I found odd because previously she was fidgeting more than I was. She looked like she was deep in concentration, though, so I didn’t dare ask her how she was doing and break that focus.

An attendant began walking up and down aisles making sure everyone was where they should be and doing all right. He stopped where Cathy and I were sitting and in a moment of panic, I stopped moving my legs. Instantly I realized that was a bad idea, but I forced myself to use the pressure of my fingers alone to keep back all the urine inside of me.

“Ma’am, I see you have a water bottle in your bag.”

I glanced at the bottle sticking out of my bag and looked back at the attendant. “I do. Is that a problem?”

“I’m afraid that we only allow food and drink in the dining car. Did you order a meal with your ticket?”

“No, I didn’t.”

“I’ll have to take the water bottle, then. I’m sorry for the inconvenience; it’s just policy on this train.”

I wasn’t about to give up the water a paid three whole dollars for. It was still about half full. “Could I just drink the rest of it right now and then give you the empty bottle?”

The attendant paused for a moment before smiling. “I guess so. I won’t tell anyone.”

“Thank you.” I grabbed the bottle, gulped down the rest of the water in it, and handed the man the bottle when it was gone. “I really appreciate it.”

I might have been happy I didn’t waste my money, but my bladder wasn’t. The large amount of water I consumed made me cold again, which was a terrible feeling to have with a full bladder. Beyond that, I had just drunk more water, which was soon going to make its way to my bladder and make my need so much worse.

Cathy had turned to watch me and she seemed shocked. “Isn’t that going to cause you more problems?” she asked.

“I’m sure it will,” I lamented. “I panicked in the moment and didn’t know what to do.”

I started to bounce around again, the effects of the other half of the water bottle previously consumed beginning to hit. Since Cathy seemed to be out of her trance, I felt like I wouldn’t make her situation worse by talking with her.

“How are you doing?”

“Really bad. I’ve leaked several more times in the last hour, but I still really have to go. I didn’t think I had that much pee in me!”

“Well, we’re almost at the station. You think you can hold on long enough to make it to the bathroom there?”

“Maybe, but if there’s any kind of line, I’m done for.” She lifted up her purse, which was concealing her hands and her lap.

There was a large wet spot around her crotch. I didn’t have any idea she had leaked that much, so I said, “Wow.”

“I know. It’s terrible. But hopefully it will be dry by the time I get off the train.”

The train began to slow down, and I couldn’t be happier. I was now confident I would be able to hold on until I got to the station bathroom, even with all the water I just had a few minutes ago.

I continued to shift around in my seat, but with my renewed self-assuredness in my ability to hold my pee, I didn’t think I even needed to do that.

My bladder had other ideas, though, and a moment later, I was feeling increased pressure and it began to throb again. I had slowed my movements and lifted my hand just a little from my crotch, as it was getting tired of holding, but that was a big mistake.

Just a few seconds later, I had another tiny dribble. It wasn’t much, but it was a warning sign of what was imminent. Fortunately for me, the train stopped in the station and I didn’t have to worry about getting pee on the train seat. My pants, however, were another story. I hadn’t leaked through yet, but I was afraid that standing up would be the trigger.

People were allowed to get off the train not long after the trains stopped. I waited for Cathy to stand before I tried getting up, but she didn’t.

“I don’t think I can.”

I was starting to get impatient. “Can you just try?”

Finally, she slowly started to get up, her eyes narrowed and her hand still in her crotch. She used her purse as a shield, but she had to grab her bag still. When she finally had that, she shuffled down the aisle, bent over in an effort to hold her liquids in and not disturb her bladder.

Now it was my turn to try stand up. That proved to be very difficult, and I got up, I squeezed my bladder from bending over too far and a small, steady stream began.

I knew as soon as it started that this leak was going to break past my underwear and get my pants wet. I quickly grabbed my bags and practically duckwalked down the aisle, a dribble of a stream still flowing out.

Once I was off the train, I arched my back forward and looked around frantically for a bathrooms sign. I saw it a few second later, and walking toward it was Cathy herself.

Even from where I was, I could see a wet spot on the back of her pants. As I got closer, I saw that it was growing. My wet spot was, too, but the pattern on my pants prevented it from being seen well by passersby.

We made it to the bathroom around the same time because Cathy was forced to walk slower than I was. She seemed to have her stream under control by the time I caught up, but I could tell she wasn’t doing well at all. She looked upset and as I looked up, I saw the reason why.

We are behind three people waiting in a line for the bathroom. I quickly realized that it was a one- person stall, which was quite possibly the worst kind in a situation like this. I picked up one foot and then the other, trying to subtly help myself hold my aching bladder.

“I can’t believe this,” Cathy muttered to me. “I’m actually peeing myself right now and I need to get to a toilet. I think I’ll ask the people in front of me if I can go first.”

“That’s a good idea,” I said.

I wished I could have done that, but I doubted people would have as much sympathy for a young college student than they would for a more matronly type.

I watched Cathy hobble over to the people in front of her and ask each one if she could go in front. One by one, they shook their heads. It appeared that everyone was in need of a toilet quite badly and wasn’t willing to give up their spot.

Cathy returned to her spot in the line just in front of me and sighed. “I honestly think I’m going to have an accident.”

My heart began to beat faster. I had never witnessed someone else have a full-on accident before, but today might be the day. I had my own need to worry about too, though, so I tried not to get too excited over the prospect.

###

The queue moved so slowly, and the entire time my bladder was screaming for sweet release. There was nothing I could do except dance around like mad and keep my hand holding my crotch. I got to the point where I had to put my hand inside my pants for direct contact on my pee hole. It was slick with pussy juices, making it difficult to keep my finger pressed onto.

As I waited, I had another leak. My underwear were completely soaked and now they were freshly wet again. My entire pelvic area was in agony from holding so much urine. It felt like the water I drank on the train was there now too, as my bladder was completely stretched out.

I thought my pants were stretchy enough to remain comfortable for any bulge, but the waistband was pressing into my bladder and causing me extreme pain from the stress of it.

I squeezed my eyes shut tight as one of the people in the queue went into the bathroom. I was close to tears as my pee hole tingled, my muscles wavering dangerously from the load they were holding back.

I couldn’t stop moving anymore. I looked like I was warming up for some sport or something, but I couldn’t help it. I did not care if I put on a scene. My movements were one of the only things helping me hold my urine, because my tired muscles were hardly doing anything anymore.

I only opened my eyes when I heard a gasp from Cathy. She was next in line a this point, but I watched as a stream of pee trickled down her jeans, it stopped when she appeared to clench her muscles, but started again a second later. It kept starting and stopping the whole time she stood there, doubled over and crying.

The last person in front of her opened the bathroom door and walked out, and Cathy pushed past her, her spurts of pee turning into a full stream as she ran.

She left a thin trail of pee on the floor and she slammed the door behind her not bothering to lock it. I heard her stream hit the toilet water a second later, and that seemed to make my own bladder perk up.

The sound of a pee stream hitting water was just too much for me. I relaxed for a second and a huge burst of pee leaked out past my hand, past my underwear, and down the inner leg of my pants. If Cathy didn’t come out in about five seconds, I was done for.

My whole body shook from effort as I listened to Cathy’s stream keep going. I couldn’t believe how much she held, especially after leaking so much. Finally, she came out, but I was already leaking drips of pee nonstop. I could feel my pee hole quivering with my finger.

She walked out with an enormous smile on her face, wished me luck, and I shuffled into the bathroom as she walked away. I did see that she had quite a large wet patch that she wasn’t even bothering to hide anymore.

I tore my pants down once the door shut behind me, not wanting to leak in them anymore. My pink thong was done for, so I left it on to hopefully catch the leak that was forming into a full-on pee stream at this point.

I hobbled over to the toilet, pants at my ankles and hand unsuccessfully holding my pee hole. Before I even managed to sit down, a torrent of pee burst forth and sprayed onto the floor and my pants. I threw myself onto the toilet seat, my heart pounding, and closed my eyes as the urine poured into the bowl.

I peed for a solid two minutes, enjoying every second of it. I was so wet, I considered rubbing myself right there in the bathroom, but I knew there were people behind me waiting to get in there, so I gathered myself together, grabbed my bags that were tossed haphazardly by the bathroom door, and left.

I walked back to my campus thinking about my experience the entire time. When I got to my dorm, my roommate was already back from summer break. She was a great friend, so I was happy to see her, but I was a little disappointed because this meant my naughty exploits would have to wait until nighttime.

Since I was in the mood, I decided to hold the rest of the evening. My muscles were severely weakened, making it much more difficult than it was before. Since my pee was clear from all the liquids I drank and my linen pants dried quickly, I left them on. They suffered through a few more leaks throughout the evening, and the fresh pair of underwear I changed into didn’t hold much.

I made it all the way through dinner, which was difficult with water, iced tea, and coffee, but after dinner I knew I would have to get to a bathroom right then. I ran down the hall, little leaks finding there way out from my sprinting, and careened into the nearest bathroom.

Once I was on the toilet, my urine sprayed out in a strong jet, hitting the water with so much force, I was pretty sure people outside the bathroom could hear.

My roommate told me she was going out after dinner, so when I got back to my dorm, she was already gone. I used this opportunity to satisfy my nagging urge that had been building throughout the day.

I settled myself onto my bed and took off my wet pants and thong, got out my bullet vibrator, turned it on to a high setting, and ground my clit against it. I was already dripping wet and I came almost instantly, dropping my vibrator on the floor as I cupped my hand over my mouth to keep myself quiet.

I rode the orgasm as long as possible, my pleasure mounting the longer my clit throbbed.

It was the perfect end to a wildly adventurous day, and even though I didn’t plan this experience, I was grateful in the end that it happened. I vowed to set up more tough situations like this one in the future and I certainly did, but those are all stories for another day.
