Desperate for the Pirate (ch. 2)

By Melody Alexi

Chapter 2

The full moon spilled through the brig bars onto the straw-covered ground.

Tonight was her only chance.

The pirate had been mistaken to mention that her caretaker was ashore.

Quickly, Lily began to realize that all the crew was going ashore for a night of revelry. She heard them calling to each other, making plans, saying farewells for the night.

"All by yourself, Rhett?" one called.

"Unfortunately so."

"Rhett?" another called. "All alone with our pretty prisoner? Who thought that was a good idea?"

They shared a laugh and Lily seethed. She was more than finished being the butt of their jokes.

Gertrude hadn't come back for her, for her evening time at the water closet. Her body was trained to anticipate it by now, and she felt the uncomfortable need to go again. But she was absolutely determined to ignore it. Soon she'd be a free woman again anyway and have access to real water closets.

When Rhett had hoisted her onto the ship's railing, to humiliate her, he couldn't have anticipated that he was giving her the key to her salvation. Not only had she deftly slid that key from his belt, but had mentally ingrained a path to where the lifeboats were kept.

And she had a contingency plan. Like her father had always taught her: have a contingency plan.

If he caught her, she'd just seduce him.

She wished she didn't feel a little thrill of excitement at the sordid thought.

She waited until the last of the goodbyes seemed to be said, and the boat was quiet for a good long while. She listened to hear his footsteps over the lapping of the water, and soon established a rhythm. Starboard, prow, port, main deck. At least, that’s the pathway she guessed from the nearness and distance of his footsteps above.

After each encircling of the ship, he seemed to sit for a while, because the footsteps stopped creaking.

She waited until the end of his fourth cycle before she inched her way deftly through the straw and slid her hand through the bars, searching for the lock. She found the cold metal slot and slid the key in, relieved when she felt it turning quietly. The lock clicked, her cell was open.

She wasted no time.

She hurried quietly up the jagged stairs but stopped at the top, to peer onto the deck. She couldn't see him at first, and then there he was. She froze in place, paralyzed with fear, relieved she was still in the shadows of the doorway.

He sat on a barrel, looking ahead to the ship's mast.

She could feel her face go intensely and instantly hot.

His dick was out.

His straining member jaunted out of his trousers, and he was masturbating.

She couldn't help but stare at the lurid work of his hands as they grazed up and down the length of his shaft. His member strained in his grip, and it looked as if his tip were glistening in the lamplight.

She had never in all her life seen a man's member, and it was the most transfixing, sickening thing she'd ever seen.

Her flurried mind instantly wondered what it would feel like to have her own hand on it, to have it straining against her, even in her.

There was something so intoxicating about catching him at that moment. Alone, without the crew, a man with needs. Something was so grossly thrilling about watching him tend those needs out in the open night air, on the ship's deck...

She dashed the thoughts. She was a lady, after all. He was distracted. Good. Let him be. She was going to make her escape.

She crept forward and ducked behind a stack of barrels. She listened, her breathing caught in her throat, waiting for any sign of movement.

Nothing could have prepared her to hear Rhett softly grunting. Low moans escaped him as he tugged on himself.

Why was this so singularly arousing?

She bit back an astonished moan herself, as a feeling of ache began blossoming between her legs. She reminded herself that she hadn't had her evening relief in the water closet, so of course, she was aching down there. She couldn't chalk it up to arousal. It certainly wasn't arousal.

She straightened and forced herself to calm. She would make it to the lifeboat and then she was going to see to her own needs, which were decidedly NOT erotic.

She crept forward under cover of shadows until she reached a block of crates. She ducked behind them and paused to plan the last stretch of her movements.

The lifeboats were dangling just in view. There was an unfortunately well-lit path to them, paved by lamplight and moonlight.

She didn't know much about how men worked, but she knew enough to know that sexual activities concluded in climax.

If she could just wait until he was so occupied with his own pleasure that he wasn't paying attention to anything else, she could maybe, just maybe, dart for the boats and be down before the fool pirate could stuff his dick back into his trousers.

Yes. That was exactly what she would do.

She mustered her courage and decided she was going to watch him. Only to watch the progression of his distraction, of course. Only to gauge when he was broaching his climax.

She took a deep breath and peered around the crates.

He was still at work on himself, still tugging his grip along the length of his shaft.

But to her absolute horror, he was also looking directly at her.

