A Full Countess (part 3)
	In 1918 Russia, she must control her bodily functions.
By Francine (2002-09-13)

Chapter 7

She awakened to a violent motion of the train and a loud explosion.

The soldiers, startled, began looking out of the car door. Lights were moving about in the darkness. Several shots were fired. The train seemed to have come to a complete halt, although the sound of the locomotive could be heard.

Ahead of them there seemed to be great shouting and much excitement.

Suddenly a light was shined into the door of their car.

“In here!” an unseen voice shouted from outside. A bullet went crashing through the open door into the roof of the car. Two of the soldiers inside instinctively reached for their rifles. The officer, awakened with a start, drew his sidearm.

A blinding light was directed into the car. “Put down the guns - out with all of you!” The voice was authoritarian. A soldier inside started to aim his gun at the light. Instantly a shot rang out, fired at close range. The soldier fell back, dropping his weapon.

The officer called to the unseen persons outside. “Who are you? We are..” he never got to finish. A uniformed man from outside grabbed him by the leg and toppled him from the car.

Confusion reigned for only a few moments. The ragtag men in the car quickly put down their weapons, such as they had, and began to come to the door. Outside, armed men came into view. The occupants of the car were quickly pulled from the door and pushed to a place at the side. Now the light showed more men, armed and uniformed, all around. They pointed their weapons at those leaving the car and gestured them to move from the train.

Leon caught just a glimpse of the identity of the men they faced. The mark of the imperial double eagle showed on the cap of a man who appeared to be in some authority.

Quickly Leon found Valery. In a whisper, he told her, “We are in luck - imperialist troops - the White Army! Somehow they’ve ambushed the train!”

“Luck?” Valery countered, considering the prospect. “They think we’re reds - suppose they shoot us?”

“We must find a way to make known our identity - right now we must wait and see!”

Valery recalled the great lengths they had gone to in order to remove all possible evidence of her real identity, even her femininity. There was nothing on her or with her that would evidence that she was other than a revolutionary soldier. If only she had salvaged some bit of her former self, some paper, some emblem, something! But with great care they had eliminated absolutely everything!

The men from the train were quickly disarmed. White Army soldiers looked them over in the glare of the light for signs of weapons or ammunition. Disarmed, they were herded into a group. Soon the group was marched away for a distance, and told to sit on he ground. Their captors guarded them with care. They waited.

They sat and waited until dawn. Soldiers moved to and fro, careful to keep the captives together and in view. From snatches of conversation, it seemed their captors were not sure what to do with them.

From the train, now some distance away, the heard a great explosion, and could see a fire following.

“Blew up the train. That will block the tracks for a while!” Leon noted.

A contingent of White soldiers appeared and ordered the captives to get up. They were formed into a single file, and marched toward an unseen destination.

After a time, they arrived at a small building, damaged and decaying, which appeared to have been a barn. They were ordered inside. Guards were posted. They waited.

After a time, one of the captive men got up and went to a wall to urinate. A guard quickly stopped him. “No - you do not do that in here. You will be taken out to where you can relieve yourselves. Wait until then!”

They waited, perhaps half an hour. Then guards came, and choosing ten men at random, escorted them from the barn. The ten were taken to a ditch, perhaps fifty yards away. They were lined up at the side of the ditch.

“You may relieve yourselves here. But be quick!” they were ordered. Men obeyed, urinating into the ditch.

A second group was taken. Leon was chosen this time. Having seen the return of the first group, he knew what was being done, and was not fearful. Valery, though, sat in terror of what would happen with her.

Her time came. The third group, with Valery in the fourth place, was taken to the ditch. The guards, bored with this duty, lined the men up and ordered them to relieve themselves. The men did so.

Valery stood unmoving. She did not know what to do. This time there was no cigar for a trick, no opportunity to squat in darkness, no cover. She was about to be discovered.

A guard called to Valery, instructing her to comply with his order. She stood, immovable. He repeated the order, firmly.

She started to open her pants. She reached inside and undid her underwear. She dropped the rough pants, then stepped out of them. Quickly she dropped the underpants. She turned full face to one of the guards, her pubic area with its dark patch of hair and very obvious female features, was exposed. With all the dignity she could muster in this situation, she boldly announced, “I am not a Red soldier! I am the Countess Valentina Norosova, cousin of the Czar and wife to a colonel of your army! You must help me!”

The soldier guard stared in almost disbelief. The other two guards took in the spectacle in shock.

One quickly replied to her. “What have we here? A woman, a camp follower? A Countess?” He laughed a bit. “You are about as much of a Countess as I am Ivan the Terrible!” Then, to his comrades, he asked, “What shall we do with this one? This is quite a find!”

Brazenly, Valentina continued what she had started. She stripped off her shirt, revealing the binder over her breasts. Gripping it quickly, she ripped it from her body, determined to remove all doubt of her gender. Then, in a moment of desperation and realizing why she was out there at all, she sank down to a squat, and began to urinate toward the ditch, as her captors and fellow captives both stared in utter disbelief.

“Here, woman, you come with us!” the senior soldier told her. The others led the male captives back to the barn.

Valentina picked up her clothes in one hand, as the soldier led her roughly by the other. He pointedly gazed at her nude body, missing nothing. “Look we we have!” he cheerily called to his fellows as he led her away.

She was immediately the object of stares from every soldier around. Her guard spun her around, displaying her body for all to see. He led her past a group of men to a small building. Rudely he pushed her inside.

An officer standing inside stood wide-eyed as the captive was brought in. Saluting the officer, the soldier reported “Sir! We found this woman among the prisoners. She was dressed as one of them. Says she’s a Countess!”

The officer leaned back against a wall, contemplating this remarkable find. “Where are you clothes, Countess?” he asked her, a bit mockingly. “Or is that what you have in youir hand? Why do you find yourself in this state of disarray?”

Valentina attempted to tell her story. It was fairly obvious the officer was not paying much attention. His fascination was with her body, not her words.

“Well, ‘Countess‘, just what proof can you offer of what you say?” he asked her. She shrugged. “I have none, sir! I ask you to believe me - why else would I have disguised myself as a man in that army of rascals, hiding my sex from them as I traveled? Look at me - I have forgone everything feminine - my hair is cut, my bust was bound, my body unwashed , all my clothing that of a man!”

“Your hair has been cut, but I see that it is plentiful elsewhere”, he observed, staring at her prominent pubic bush. “Your bust in neither bound nor covered, now, and from the smell of you, you have gone unwashed quite a while! You look little like a countess- more like a woman looking for a ruble or two from any soldier that will pay!” He sneered a bit, looking her over in detail.

She pleaded, but he was not listening. To a sergeant nearby, he ordered “Take her away, let her put her clothes on, but keep her from the other prisoners. Oh, a jolly time they’d have with her if they heard this story! Keep our own men away from her, too, till we decide her future!”

She was escorted to a place outside, under a tree. While several men watched, she was allowed to dress herself, after which she was ordered to sit beside the tree under guard of three men.

She was there only a couple of hours. The entire detachment was formed up, and began to march down a road. It was evident that their assignment had been the destruction of the train and the rail line, and having done this, they were leaving the area, taking with them their limited equipment and their prisoners.

Valentina was allowed to walk near her guard, but was not bound or restrained. After about two hours, her guard instructed her to squat and relieve herself, as a number of the men watched.

In time, they encountered an old truck carrying several soldiers. There followed a heated conversation between the detachment’s commander and someone in the truck. At length, Valentina was brought forward and ordered into the back of the truck. She was ordered to sit, two soldiers also sitting and watching her. The truck reversed course and went back down a dusty road.

More and more soldiers appeared on the road. It was evident that a fairly large military body was in the area. The truck finally stopped in front of what appeared to be a large house, with numerous uniformed men about.

Chapter 8

Valentina was left in the truck for over an hour, the men watching her carefully. Then, in response to a summons from inside, they ordered her out of the truck and into the house.

She was taken into a room in which several men, obviously officers of some importance, were present. Two were seated at a table, and others stood about. On the table she could see piled papers, several small packages, and a pistol.

She was led to stand before the table.

The senior officer surveyed her closely. After a few moments he spoke.

“Your name?” he asked.

“Valentina Norosova”, she answered, loudly and clearly, her head held high. “Countess, cousin of his Imperial Majesty, and wife to Ivan Nosorof, Colonel in the Imperial Service!”

The officer took it in without emotion.

“You were captured in the uniform of the insurrection, dressed as a man, in the company of,” he hesitated, reflecting his contempt of the words, “soldiers opposing the government. Why would you come with this story? I, too, am a colonel of the Imperial Service. Why should I believe your tale? Perhaps you are a clever spy, helping the insurrection. Perhaps you are an opportunist, looking for release through an intriguing story.”

“I have no evidence. But, you may question me as you wish. I know my identity, and the route through which I have come to you. I seek help, as a friend and family of the Czar, to escape from the danger which confronts us all!”

“My report says you disrobed yourself while being taken for relief, and openly disclosed your sex before soldiers. This does not sound to me like a lady of breeding! Look at you - hair cut in masculine fashion, soldier’s clothes, you are dirty, you have conducted yourself without shame or modesty! Why am I to believe you?”

“I do what I must to escape those who disgrace our land! I did indeed disrobe myself - that your soldiers would know I was indeed a woman, and not one of those swine with whom I found it needful to travel! I did so with utter reluctance, but in these times we do what we must.”

“From where have you come?” he inquired further.

Valentina recounted her flight from her home and the ploy of disguise to get past the revolutionaries who might have sought her life. She pleaded for his acceptance.

“As you stand before me, you look more like an insurrectionist than a woman of noble birth. However, whatever you are, I do not find it fitting that we keep you in the markings of those…..” His voice stopped, hesitating to use his expected coarse epithet in the presence of what just might be a lady of breeding.

“Now, if you feared not to disrobe while the soldiers watched, we will see if your resolve is still with you. If, indeed, you appear to be the lady you claim, we will seek other dress for you. Now, remove those offensive garments and show us your true self!”

Valentina stood, stunned just a bit. She had expected better of one of the Czar’s officers. Still, her modesty had suffered so much she was not about to retreat at this point. Without a further word, she began to remove her soldier’s attire. The colonel and his officers watched with interest.

Quickly she dropped her garments. She removed her soldier’s shoes. She took her cap from her head. Finally, naked and barefoot, she drew herself erect in front of the table. The men looked her over carefully. The colonel uttered one observation, and one command.

“She’s dirty, she smells foul, and she’s a mess. Take her and give her a bath. I’ll send for her when I want her!” He slapped his hand on the table to emphasize the order. A soldier took her by the arm, leading her away, naked. Her clothing remained on the floor.

Valentina found herself taken, in full view of assorted men, to a room which had a large tub. She was ordered to bathe. Two men stood by, watching the proceedings.

Valentina scrubbed herself as best she could. The available water was cold, the soap coarse and rough. She washed her body, even her hair, as the men watched every move. She was cold, uncomfortable, and hugely humiliated at doing this in front of strange men.

Finally she finished. A rather dirty towel hung nearby, and she dried herself with it. She looked for something with which to comb her wet hair, but there was nothing. She smoothed it as best she could with her hands.

Her guards then took her, still unclad, to a small room upstairs. It contained a low table, but no other furnishings. It did have a window looking outside, and she could see it was now dark. She entered. The door closed behind her. She was alone.

A few minutes later, the door opened again. A uniformed man entered, carrying a plate with a bit of bread and cheese, and a bottle of water. Also, he had a bedding roll, obviously something on which she might sleep, and a small tattered blanket. She took them, murmured a bit of thanks, and heard the door close.

She laid on the pad, covering herself with the blanket. The food assuaged her hunger a bit. She tried the door, finding it locked. She tried to sleep.

The first rays of dawn awakened her. Her training had been to empty her bladder at such an hour, in preparation for the day. But where? The door was locked, and there was no facility in the room. She looked at the window. Outside was a courtyard, just picking up the rays of dawn, but deserted. She stood at the window, wondering if she could be seen by anyone. She saw a man below, and withdrew.

She waited. For what seemed hours, she waited, her distress becoming steadily greater.

Suddenly, with no warning, the door opened. A soldier entered. She drew the blanket around herself.

“I am to take you for you to relieve yourself”, he informed her. “But you must leave the blanket”. She dropped it and followed him. He took her to a toilet, a very dirty one, on the same floor. She expected him to stay and watch her, but instead he closed the door and left her alone as he waited outside.

Relishing the luxury of a toilet to use privately, she attended to her needs, taking her time. When she had finished, she opened the door, and her escort returned her to her room.

She was held for two more days. Three times a day she was taken to the toilet, always naked. Every second day, she perceived, she was allowed a bath, but under watch of soldiers. Food, though crude and coarse, was brought to her. Yet she was not questioned, nor given any communication as her status.

Then, in the morning, her door was opened. She was told simply, “Come!”

She was taken downstairs to the office where the colonel had first interrogated her. Still much aware of her nudity, but adapting to it, she was ushered into the office.

The colonel sat behind the table. A lady, in the dress of one of the nobility, sat next to him. Both stared at Valentina as she entered. Her hands instinctively flew to cover her breasts and pubic area; not so much because of the colonel, she thought, but because of the woman.

“This is the one who claims to be the Countess”, announced the colonel.

“So we will see if she is!” replied the lady.

The woman began an intensive questioning of Valentina. She was asked about her schooling, her friends, her home, her husband’s career and friends, the families she knew, the relatives of the Czar. Again and again some questions were repeated, in slightly different ways. Learning that she had studied French and German, the woman asked her questions in both languages.

The woman walked around Valentina, carefully looking at her skin, searching for markings. She was questioned on the origin of scars and minor marks. The woman scrutinized her hands and her feet, with careful attention to her nails.

No comment was made to Valentina as to the conclusions. She was simply sent back to her room, under the usual guard. There she was left for another day.

Chapter 9

On the afternoon of the following day, her door opened, and her guard stood at the door with a stack of clothing. “You are to put these on and then I will take you downstairs”, he informed her.

The clothing was regulation attire for White Army soldiers. There was nothing that seemed suited to a female, though underwear was included. The shoes, she noted, were the ones in which she had arrived, though they had been cleaned.

She dressed in front of the guard, who then took her to the office and the colonel.

“Madam”, he addressed her, speaking now with some deference, “We have come to believe your account. I must express regret that we put you through so much difficulty and indignity. These are, as you know, very difficult times. It is our desire to assist you in moving you to safety, which most likely means to depart our country for now. At present it seems best that you continue your soldier’s disguise, though we have put you in a more friendly uniform. In that attire you will not draw attention. I am going to send you with our dispatch carrier to a small fishing village not far from Riga. There you will wait with those whom you consider friends, until a boat is arranged to take you to Sweden, where you will find others of your family.”

Valentina expressed her gratitude. She was shortly taken to a military vehicle in which a young soldier was seated. She greeted him, and introduced herself.

He sternly warned her. “Madam, I know of your identity, but there will be others who do not. It is best that you maintain the identity you had earlier established, and so I will call you Valery. You must treat me as though I am your fellow in arms.”

She understood. The trip was through more friendly territory, and seemed generally uneventful. Only twice were they stopped by military patrols, both friendly. Valentina began to feel more comfortable than she been since leaving home.

After many hours, they arrived at a small house in a village on the Baltic coast, where several fishing boats were docked. It was dark. Valentina was taken into the house, where a man and a woman greeted her.

“Madam”, the man addressed her, with a polite bow. “Our poor home is honored. I am sorry we have so little to offer as comfort to one so noble born. But such as we have, we offer you!”

The woman, dressed quite humbly, greeted her also. She was immediately offered a bit of wine, a plain but warm meal,. and shown to a cot placed in part of the kitchen. “It is not much, but it is warm”, the woman pointed out. Valentina was grateful.

She remained with her hosts three nights, instructed not to go outside during daylight, and to avoid showing herself to strangers.

At long last, she was told a signal had been received from a boat offshore that was prepared to take her to Sweden. She was told to make ready that evening, and to go with the man to a small fishing boat nearby.

They entered the boat, and began to leave the pier to which it had been moored. They made out toward the open water. Valentina scanned the dark sea for some sign of her rescuer. Eventually they saw a small light. The man with her flashed a light in response. Closer and closer they came.

She almost held her breath, as freedom and safety seemed so near. As she watched, she made out the outline of a larger craft, perhaps some kind of private yacht. Closer and closer they drew.

The engine of her boat was cut, as the two craft drifted closely. Two men, standing on the deck of the larger vessel, called down to them.

“Is the water ripe for sturgeon?” asked the man. Valentina wondered at the cryptic expression, which she realized was a recognition signal.

“No - the blue tides have stopped them”, was the reply.

“Male or Female?” called down the larger craft.

“Female”, was the response.

Immediately a rope was passed down to her boat. Her escort helped her secure it around her waist. She was then helped up to the other craft. Her erstwhile escort bade her farewell, and began to pull away.

Valentina stood on the deck, in her soldier’s uniform.

“I thought we were to rescue the countess, not one of the Czar’s soldiers!” one of her rescuers observed, just a bit skeptical.

There were several others aboard the vessel, all men. She quickly observed that she was among friends.

“It is, though, an honor to be of the Czar’s soldiers. But I understand your skepticism. I am sure I do not look like the countess! In recent days, many have so noted. But, please, I am indeed Valentina Norosova!”

“Forgive us, Countess”, she heard one of them address her, “But you hardly look like a woman, and we were anticipating to rescue a lady. We understand the necessity for disguise, but we hardly expected--”

“You have doubts I am a woman?” The countess replied, smiling a bit.

Another grasped her hand warmly, “Countess, forgive us all! We are overjoyed to have you. We do not doubt your identity, we are only surprised! We know you have been through much!”

“Please, is there a place where I might rid myself of this mannish garb I have worn too long? You do not want to appear to be bringing in a Czarist soldier-”

The five men looked at one another. One moved to the bridge, keep the vessel under way.

Another, a bit embarrassed, tried to reply.

“Countess, I regret we did not anticipate your situation. We have no women’s clothing to offer you. Yet, I will show you a cabin where you may arrange yourself as you think proper!” He took her into the main cabin, which she noted was comfortably warm after her time on the chilly sea, and from there to a small cabin with a single bunk.

She thanked him, entered, and closed the door. Throwing herself on the bunk, she rejoiced for a moment in her rescue and impending freedom. Then, quickly she began to rid herself of her military garments. She wadded them into a bundle, including the men’s shoes, and, opening the porthole, thrust them through it into the sea.

She relaxed for a moment, pleased to be rid of her male clothing and masculine disguise. She reached for a blanket on the bunk, and began to wrap it around her. Then, thinking a bit, she returned it to the bunk.

She opened the door, sticking her head out.

Four of the men were in the main cabin, where she had left them.

“Gentlemen”, she called to them, “I am deeply indebted to you for your rescue of me. I have nothing to offer of value, but as you have questioned whether my appearance was womanly, perhaps I might make a gesture of appreciation while satisfying that concern. Would you permit me to join you for a few minutes?”

“Of course, Countess, we should be most pleased”, one replied politely.

With that, she burst forth from the small cabin, striding directly into their presence in the larger room, her body adorned with not a single stitch of covering.

“Gentlemen, I present myself, Valentina Norosova, for your viewing. I have nothing else to offer in gratitude, but as numerous others have looked upon my undraped body in recent weeks, it would seem ungracious for me to deny that privilege to the friends who have gone to such lengths to help me. I am sorry the view is not as I would like myself to appear, but perhaps you will observe portions which you may find thoroughly female!”

The men absorbed the presentation offered. Even the one from the bridge came back to partake of it. Valentina stood motionless, offering herself for viewing to all of them.

The captain came up to her, knelt, kissed her hand, and uttered, “Countess, there is no way in which you might have better shown appreciation!”

END

