Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 08
	Deepika does her homework tonight, and a task the day after.
Author: sin138

SLAM!

That is the third slammed door against Deepika. This time and old couple, berates her about her lack of shame. With nothing but her slim body, she walks up the stairs to the next floor. The first thing she notices is the aroma of cannabis seeping through the first door. Like Pavlov's dog, her body reacts to the smell. However instead of her mouth, it is her pussy that is getting wet.

She figures if she has to do this, at least she can get high in the process.

BZZZZ!

The door opens showing some stoned students shocked to see her.

"Deepika maam?"

"Shit!" she gasps as she covers herself. "You know me?"

"We all saw the video of your fashion show last year as Cleopatra."

"oh..."

There was a good chance that the video may have spread, being the only girl walk in a bikini on stage. Now she just feels silly. She brought her hands down to expose her perky breasts to the gawking boys. They are first year students from Lengavi College, her juniors.

"Maam, I hope this is not rude, but you look really hot!"

"Thanks," she replied sheepishly. She really does not want to continue her homework with people she can meet in college. What if they tell the others?

"You want to smoke up, ma'am? I'm sure others would like to see you."

How can she say no? She walks into the dark lit room, with music playing in the background. There were boys and girls staring at her naked body. However there was no lust, nor disgust. Everyone seems more astonished.

She does not pay attention as they introduce themselves to her. All she is thinking is how far it will spread. It's bad enough that moment in first year happened, but at least her name was private. Only thing that came out was rumours.

One of the girls exclaims, "Oh my god ma'am! Why are you naked?"

"Umm, I am doing this as a dare." She stammers. "I can't stay for too long. I have to knock on every door in the building like this."

"Cool!" one answers enthusiastically. "We are just making a blunt right now. Take a bong hit while we prepare it."

Without wasting an opportunity she takes it and sucks through the pipe as one of them lights it. She then calls for another. She takes another hit, and is in ecstasy. Too long she has not been high. All she can think about is the how the feeling in her loins increases immensely. She closes her eyes to enjoy the THC flow through her blood. She wishes she can feel like this forever.

"Uhh, ma'am?"

She opens her eyes to find them awkwardly staring at her. The look of interest has changed. The boys try hard to conceal their boners through their shorts, while the girls just look at her in disgust. She looks down to find her pussy juices coated over the base of the bong. She has been rubbing her cunt over the glass pipe the whole time. Her secretions were smeared along the tube. Any longer, she may have ended up fucking it.

She heard one of them say, "Did anyone record that?"

"Got it," one of the girls answers.

Deepika is petrified. They are not like the regular Bihari seniors, who promised they would keep it a secret. They have no reason to hide it from the others.

She starts begging them to delete it, but there is no sign of sympathy from these first years. The gentle host who invited now has a devilish grin.

"Give us one good reason why?"

"I'll do anything, just don't send it please."

The juniors smiled at one another. They look at the nervous senior as they huddle around to discuss what to do. With nothing better to do, she takes a few more bong hits, relaxing her a bit.

Finally they stop and turn to their new toy. Deepika opened up her cunt expecting the request they will give her. However they all awkwardly stare, at the NRI spreading her legs.

"She's already displaying herself like a slut," the host snickers. "This will make our demand easier."

The others laugh.

"You truly are pathetic," one of the girls spat. "Look we don't want to fuck your stinky cunt. We just want you to be our delivery bitch."

"Excuse me?" she asks, also feeling hurt from the unneeded comment.

One of the boys added on. "The weed we buy ain't cheap, but we feel he might give a special discount, if you play along. Give us your number, and we'll call you when we call him. Not today, slut. We'll tell you when.

That does not sound that bad. She probably just has to suck his dick off, and that's it. She immediately agrees to the plan. She does not know it's not as easy as delivering a pizza however.

"Good to hear ma'am," her host says. "Before you go and finish your 'dare,' we just have a request for you. You made some of us hard, thanks to you treating our bong like a dildo. I think it's fair you relieve us. While we smoke the blunt, give us a blowjob until we blow our load."

She stares at the girls who are rolling their eyes.

It does not take long for them to cum in her mouth, before unceremoniously kicking her out. They do however give a gift as thanks for the blowjobs, which is hash oil smeared inside her pussy. She feels the drug absorbing into her blood stream as she goes to the next door.

She then knocks on the next door to find a middle aged man. Despite being intoxicated by the THC, she still manages to remember how to introduce herself.

"Hi, my name is Deepika," she says really slowly as she shakes his hands. Her other hand then touches his torso, and travels over his lungi down to his crotch. She comes closer to him as he has not objected so far.

Without further words, the old man drags the naked girl in his house to start fondling her privates for hours. He even smiles as she moans loudly, as he caresses her nipples. With her legs spread, he focuses on spreading her lower lips to get a better view of her insides. Deepika feels his dick against her face, and turns to it to lick it through his lungi. She doesn't notice that he had his camera on the whole time. He was planning on making a video for his daughter's wedding, but figures that could wait. His wife is out of town, so he is not going to waste an opportunity.

Finally he lifts his lungi, exposing his engorged penis. This must have been the largest penis that has gone in her tight cunt so far. After being played with, she felt little friction thanks to her sex juices. All she does is let out a mild whimper as he slowly goes in and out. He was gentle, but strong. He bent over her small body, to seductively kiss her as they both grind one another.

She felt the sweat drip down to the floor. Her whimpers turned to moans. Her moans turn to screams, as she finally climaxes. The old man also squirts his juice deep inside her, making her feel the warmth within.

"That was amazing," she weakly whispers, while struggling to get up. "My name is Deepika, what is yours?"

"Get out."

She is taken aback but the blunt cold words. What happened to the gentle man who made love to her, she wonders. The NRI teen finds herself getting pushed out of the apartment, and having another door slammed in her face. Still confused, she questions the sudden change.

Deciding not to dwell on it, she goes to the next few doors.

The rest are mostly single bachelors from other schools, who she got to know really well. Being already naked, she did not bother shaking their hands and went directly to grabbing their crotches. Every guy took the hint and fucked her. Some however decided to have some with before they marked her with their seed.

"You want me to what?"

"I want write 'insert here' on your snatch with a permanent marker," one requests her.

Deepika reluctantly agrees, as she feels the marker rub over her hairless mound. After he finished, he starts following the sign and inserts his penis in her twat. With not much to feel from his size, she ponders why is it that she must be completely hairless, while she has to feel the body hair from every guy she fucks. As soon as he blew his load inside, she left for the next room. The sex itself lasts a few a minutes. Most of the time is spent on them probing her body, especially her twat.

She knocks on the next door. This tenant is a little strange, as he thinks she is some maid, demanding her to clean the toilet, but with her hands tied behind her. It feels like forever as she has to scrub somehow, and rinse the toilet. She also has to mop the floor. Meanwhile, the man plays with her puffed lips edging her throughout the ordeal. Expecting herself to get penetrated, she spreads her legs for him, only to find him simply masturbating, and unleashing his sperm on to the newly cleaned floor. She is made to lick it off, before he shoved her out of the room. He did not bother removing the restraint on her hand.

It is back to fucking, or blowing the tenants. Other times, they slam the door on her face, but not before berating her for her life choices. She has lost count for how many times, they mentioned that she is disgracing her parents who have raised her, and are paying for her education. If only they knew what is really going on. Then again, they most likely will not care.

After finishing the last tenant, at 1am, she goes back to her open room, and rewrites the notes. Happy with how it looks, she takes a shower and falls straight to bed, at 3am.

###

The next day

Her alarm goes off, and she gets ready. She waits for Hridhya to come to her room. Puzzled she tries to call her, only to remember, she doesn't have her phones. It's nearing 8 and Deepika is feeling hesitant. She can't miss another class. Already the teachers think she's a slacker. She jumps as she sees the manager pop into her bedroom.

"What the hell are you doing up here still?" he asks seemingly annoyed. "You're supposed to meet me outside the building you cunt!"

"What do you mea-"

"I have you clothes, stupid girl! Do you think I want to waste my time with your shit? Wait by the window of my desk, and I'll slip them through."

She quickly goes down with just her backpack. She leaves the building, with the guard still sleeping, and patiently waits for her clothes by the manager's office window.

After waiting for thirty minutes, the manager finally slips out what she'll wear, and shuts the blinders. Just like yesterday the clothes seem decent, just no underwear. She does not have time to go to morning class so she heads to posting. She reaches and finds Hridhya already there with a patient, with his pants down.

"I thought you were going to wake me up and give me my clothes," Deepika whines.

"Just because I own you, doesn't mean I'm you babysitter," Hridhya harshly tells her. "Any ways it's my turn to take a case, and I was told to take this hernia patient. Maam will ask one of us to practice our examination skills on him."

"So you want me to learn how to find the signs of hernia on him?" Deepika asks naively.

"Don't be ridiculous," Hridhya snickers. "You are just going to fuck up the examination, if she calls you to do it. Just do what I'm about to tell you."

Deepika is horrified as Hridhya goes into details exactly what she is expected to do. Seeing her expression, Hridhya laughs.

"Don't worry, slut," she reassures her. "The hernia is not painful, so you won't hurt him."

"Because that is what I'm worried about," Deepika mutters under her breath, sarcastically. "It has nothing to do with what you want me to do, IN FRONT OF A PROFESSOR!"

"What did you say?" a stern Hridhya asks.

"Nothing," Deepika quickly answers.

"Good, if you don't do this, I will send the pictures of you smoking weed to the police and get you arrested."

"What photos?" she asks panicking.

"Exactly," Hridhya smugly answers. "So do what I say."

Unknown to the worried Deepika, Hridhya just made it up. She figures her night of fucking might have involved screwing stoned people. She knows too well of Deepika's need for cannabis.

Eventually the posting starts and Hridhya is dictating her case to the professor, with the patient present. Being a government hospital, there were little to know privacy for the patients, when it comes with examinations of such intimate areas, at least in this hospital. When she finished her history, the old patient drops his lungi to the floor, exposing his shaved crotch. The clearly nervous man now has his penis exposed to group young medical students, in which half were girls. His cock has grown and stands up in front of them. Most of the students were professional about it, but a couple of girls, and boys did giggle, prompting the teacher to kick them out, leaving only 4 students left in the class.

Throughout the whole ordeal, Deepika did not pay attention. All she did was pray that she was not picked to demonstrate the hernia signs. She shuts her eyes, trying not to think about what Hridhya ordered to do. She is so focused on that, she does not realise the professor kept calling her name.

"Deepika! Are you paying attention young lady?"

"Sorry what," she comes back to reality. Her face blushes as the others laugh at her.

"Demonstrate the Zieman's test to find out the type of Hernia, young lady," she demands the NRI.

'What the hell is that?' she thinks, even though it does not matter. It's either this or jail.

Step one: Get the patient to cough

"Ma'am," she nervously asks. "I don't know how to tell him to cough."

"You must learn how to speak the local language," the Professor scolds her, before asking the patient to cough.

Seeing the hernia, which went back in, she placed her fingers on the parts she was told, and followed step two.

Step two: Place the hands over the shown parts.

Unhappy with how her fingers are placed, she helps Deepika to properly position her hands over the points of interest. Her touch gets the penis to harden even more. With the second step done, she prepares for the third and final step.

Step 3: Suck the patient, until he comes, or you get kicked out of the hospital.

Deepika takes the patient's penis in her mouth, and promptly started sucking it off, much to the shock of everyone in the group.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" the professor cries flabbergasted. "Someone get her off, now!"

One of the students tried to pull her out, but she keeps on going. She punched the student in the balls and kept on going sucking the happy patient off.

Everyone just watches in shock, as the NRI slut, keeps on going vigorously, until he spurts out his juice down her throat, and swallows. Only then does she let go.

She stands up to face a red faced doctor.

"GET OUT! I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOUR FACE!"

Without any hesitation she runs from the room, avoiding wanting to know what the other students' reactions are. She just wants to get out. However she does not pay attention to wear she is heading.

SLAM!

She runs into Priya and Madhavi, and all three fall on to the floor.

"Where are you going so fast Deepika?" Priya groans.

"Sorry, just got kicked out of class," Deepika quickly apologises. "I honestly don't know wh-"

"It's ok, it happens," Madhavi assures her.

"Where are you guys going?"

"Our class finished early," Priya explains. "You wanna go to the mall? I'm guessing you lost your attendance anyways."

"Um... yeah, sure," She replies. "I just want to forget what just happened."

Priya leaves to get her motorbike, leaving her with Madhavi in front of the hospital. She notices Madhavi has not stopped smiling since she bumped into her.

"Sooo whatsup?"

"Oh nothing," Madhavi replied, trying to act aloof. "Just want to know if you're free next Saturday. The girls and I are heading to Club Heaven that night."

"Wait, are you inviting me out?"

"Why not," she giggles. "We've been messaging each other for so long, that I think it's safe to say we are more than just friends."

Initially confused, she then realises that Hrihya must have been texting Madhavi using her Smartphone. Deepika simply smiled along with Madhavi.

"I'm free I think," Deepika replies. "If I finish studying, then I'll definitely come."

"Sure, studying," she laughs making the quotation mark gesture. "I'll see you next week."

Deepika feels a little offended by this. It's like she has some sort of reputation of being a slacker. Forget slut, to her, this feels more insulting. Soon Priya comes to the front of the hospital and Deepika gets on the bike.

By the way I was talking to a few people in the parking," Priya said loudly on the bike. "What exactly did you do your patient!?"

The two spend the afternoon in the mall, laughing about the ordeal. Deepika confesses was dared to by Hridhya. Priya feels there is more to the story however.

"You never really liked Hridhya, so I'm wondering why you are hanging out with her more often."

"We got to know each other well, since we live in the same apartment," the NRI explains. "She can be rude, but she is really nice if you get to know her."

"Deepika if you are in trouble, tell me," Priya assures her. "If she is making you do things against your wishes we can take her down. Anuj too while we are at it, because fuck that bastard."

She does not know what to say. After that disaster in postings, word will spread about what she did. She has not been paying attention in class. She knows these people care very little about her. She knows Priya will help her, and probably get these people in trouble what they made her go through. It is easy to tell her friend, she needs help, and she wants it all to end. However, she does not go for the easy route.

"I'm fine. I enjoy doing this."

Perhaps the worst part about her saying that is that it is true. Her constant sexual stimulation gives her raw pleasure, which she can't get from just playing games or watching television. These people give her the excuse to feel this way. However, Priya will not understand. Perhaps however, someone else might. She will meet him tonight. For now however, she can at least relax with her former roommate.

###

Hridhya types enthusiastically with Madhavi, and Prianka under the pretense that she is the NRI. She decides to create a group with her and the two girls

I'm in for the girls night!

Btw u wanna have fun with Abhinaya?

Madhavi:

What kind of fun?

Hridhya as Deepika:

The fun you want to make sure she doesn't remember ;)

Prianka:

Thats sound evil lol

Hridhya:

Come on ladies

You guys had fun with me last year right?

besides itll be just between the girls

Even she doesn't have to know

She smiles when they all agree to it. She now has to prepare Deepika her night out, and her tasks. She also has to deal with her batch mates messaging about what the NRI did in the postings. However, she decides to discuss this with Zakir about how to approach this. He and Hridhya are meeting in Anuj's room, after claiming he found something big.

###

"So you're the cleaning maid!" Anuj moans loudly. "I knew I recognized you from before."

Anuj is getting his dick sucked, but the new maid that the apartment manager just hired. Just to fuck with her, he is only speaking English, while Zakir and Hridhya awkwardly watch. Both are disappointed to learn that a random maid is the big news he told them about. Hridhya, however feels like she recognizes the coolie somehow, but she does not know from where.

"That's great that you're enjoying this coolie, Anuj, but why did you call us down?"

"Let's do something with this whore, and Deepika," he says loudly. "You are the guys who want to fuck with Deepika, let's do the same to this bitch too."

"We only have beef with Deepika," Zakir points out. "We know there'll be collateral damage to work with, but I think this poor girl has suffered enough."

Hridhya then added in. "She has been kicked out of her family's home because of Deepika. She was homeless for months, and had to whore herself."

