Deepika's College Life Ch. 04
	Deepika must escape from the College or get in trouble.
Author: sin138

Chapter 4 -- Trapped in school

Someone is framed for the Fresher's Show foursome

Upon entering the hostel, Deepika noticed crowd around one of the rooms.

"What happened?"

"They having a raid in Hridya's and Priyanka's room," one of the girls explained. "Priyanka smelled cigarette smoke and complained to the chief warden. "

"Seriously?" Deepika asked.

"Yeah, don't why Priyanka wouldn't just ask Hridya to not smoke in the room."

The matron ordered everyone to get back to their rooms, so everyone left. A few days later, Hridya was kicked out of the hostel, for possession of alcohol and cigarettes in the vicinity of the hostel. Priyanka told the girls, that the raid also found a dildo in the closet. Rumours later on spread that she was the one who had sex in the bathroom during the first year's show.

Deepika did not know how to feel about the situation. Someone else is being judged what she did not do. On the other hand, no one else will suspect her.

Never piss off a slut-shamed yet innocent girl

Few weeks have passed, and things seem quiet. Wake up in the morning, go to class, workout, and sleep. Priya forces Deepika to study in the evening. This day seemingly seems to be no different. As the 2pm class was finally over, she rushes to the bathroom. As she was about to enter the cubicle, she gets startled by someone else in the bathroom.

"HI SLUT!" Hridhya calls Deepika as she latches the bathroom door.

"Hi," Deepika replies nervously. "How are yo-"

"Shut the fuck up!" Hridya interrupted, angrily. "You have no right to talk to me after ruining my life."

She held up her phone to Deepika, a video of Deepika being fucked during the fresher's show. Her naked body was fully visible, her face were fully visible. The seniors who enjoyed her body however had their faces blurred out. Deepika was panicking at what was shown to her. How did Hridhya get the video, was it just her, or has it spread to the entire school.

"Listen, I'm sorry that you got blamed for this but-"

"Shut the fuck up! You gotta give me one good reason why I shouldn't show this to the others."

"Please don't send this," Deepika pleaded. "I'll do anything. Just don't send it."

"Anything?" Hridya asked. She then stuck out her hand, expecting Deepika to hand her something.

"Here take as much cash as you want," Deepika says, while handing her purse.

"What?" Hridya questioned with an annoyed look on her face. "No, I want your phone dummy. I'm keeping the cash and keys, since you offered it. I'll give the keys back when I see you in the hostel. Hope you don't mind."

Hridya starts typing in Deepika's phone.

"I just saved my number on your phone," Hridya explains as she leaves the phone on the sink. "Here's the deal. I will call you to do one little task, and you will do it without question. Is that clear?"

"Uh...yes," Deepika nervously answered. "What do you want me to do?"

"I DON'T KNOW YET! THAT'S WHY I GAVE YOU THE NUMBER, IDIOT!"

"Sorry," Deepika replied sheepishly.

"Of course," Hridya replied sarcastically. "But I need to make sure you will commit to what I ask."

Hridya scans Deepika's body. "Hmm, that's a nice kurti you're wearing."

"Thanks," Deepika nervously replied, dreading what Hridhya is planning.

"Problem is that it doesn't suit you. Tell you what. Give me you're kurti, and because I'm a nice person, I'll give you something in return."

"But we're in college," Deepika stammered.

"Well if you are not gonna agree to this simple task, I guess you won't do the task I will ask from you," Hridhya tell's the NRI. "I wonder what Priya will think of her roommate, who simply let some old seniors use her like in the video."

"No, don't show it to her," Deepika pleaded. "Ok, I'll do it."

"Doesn't look like it," Hridhya laughed.

Deepika removes the kurti, with difficulty, but was able to finally get it over her head, exposing her green bra. She then unties the knot on her tight pants, and struggles to lower her pants down to her ankles. She removes her chappels (sandals), to pull out the pants. She leaves the pile of clothes over the cubicle door.

"You know my feet are killing me with these heels," Hridya comments, while removing her shoes. "I'm sure you won't mind me using your chappels. Besides, the heels match your green bras and panties."

Deepika did not bother arguing, and slipped her feet in the green, open toed heels. The heels were very tall, forcing her on her tippy toes. "There, is that all?"

Hridya chuckles as she takes out her dildo from her bag. She then directs Deepika to the toilet stand and orders her to sit in the commode. She then takes out a dildo from her purse and turns it on.

"Spread your legs bitch," Hridhya ordered.

"Are you fucking serious?" the bewildered NRI asked. "What about class?"

"You got 10 minutes. That will be plenty of time. That dildo they found was actually something my seniors gave as a joke during our Onam meet. One of the guys was given a condom to pin on his shirt while in the hostel, or visiting the seniors. Nobody has ever used it, until now. Have fun bitch"

Hridya hands the vibrating pink dildo to the half naked bimbo.

"But I'll be late for class," Deepika desperately pleaded.

"Gee I haven't thought of that," Hridya sarcastically replied, while turning on the stick. "Just enjoy the moment. I'm gonna be watching, so make sure you really get into it. When you orgasm, then you can go to class."

Without much choice, Deepika pushes her panties to the side, and slowly pushes the dildo inside her. She shivered at the cold steel from the rod, as it enters further. The vibration from the dildo travelled throughout the body. Deepika closed her eyes giving in to the ecstasy of the forbidden toy. The longer it stayed, easier it moved inside her.

She tuned out her environment, while moaning in pleasure. She slowly lifts her pelvis at the touch of the now warm and wet phallic object. The pleasure from the dildo took her back to the day she was naked in front of her friends back in Colorado. Just a few more seconds and she will climax. She starts moving the dildo up and down faster, and faster. She's almost there. Finally, she gives a quiet scream on the toilet seat. Still having her eyes closed, she sits on the seat. Beads of sweat roll down her body due to the hot weather, and her steamy masturbation. It almost made her forget that the class she must attend.

'THE CLASS,' she panicked. She opened her eyes only to notice that not only is Hridya is gone, but also all of her stuff. Her bag, purse, and her clothes are missing. The only thing left behind is her phone on the sink. To make matters worse, the doors were open the whole time, meaning that anyone could have witnessed her depravity.

She notices a message by Hridhya.Hiiii class was starting and u were taking too long I wanted to tell u, but u seemed to b enjoying yourself lol If anyone catches you like this, then i guess we're even Btw don't forget to give the dildo back when ur done Need to give it back to my seniors, who want to pay that whore priyanka a visit Do not lose it if u know whats good for u Anyways have fun ;)

Deepika was freaking out. Desperate, she started calling Zakir, hoping he can help her. After 10 missed calls, she finally received a text.

Zakir:Wtf Deepika im in class

Deepika:Please im stuck in the bathroom I need ur help

Zakir:What do you mean

Deepika paused, wondering if she should tell him. She then figured he's the only who won't judge her, as much as the others. He'll just exploit her body.Im kinda stuck in here in just my underwear

Zakir:Lmao wtf Is Anuj with you? He didn't come to class

Deepika:Um no

Zakir:Great text him im sending his number to you After receiving the number she texts Anuj:Hi this is Deepika im kinda stuck in the bathroom, and Zakir told me to text you Can u help me? Anuj:Whos this? Deepika:Its deepika i just messaged that Anuj:Sure u say ur deepika, how do i know its not some fucker who took her phone send me a pic Deepika sighed and took a picture of her face and sent it

Anuj:Thats it? u can get that online Show me the whole body, and show me that ur in d bathroom

Deepika:I cant im kinda undressed

Anuj:u know how ppl tell us to imagine ppl without clothes, to make us feel less nervous? i don't have to imagine with deepika, and she makes my dick hard lol if ur really deepika, u gotta prove it i don't care what ur wearing Deepika's stomach tightened. It's bad enough to be half naked in the college, but now she has to send a selfie to this creep. However he was right. He did see her naked. She could still feel his hands all over her body. She resorted to directing her phone to a mirror, and taking a pic of her full body in a green themed underwear. After she sent it, she waited. Deepika tries turning off the dildo, but cannot seem find the button. Her phone beeped.

Anuj:Wtf, come on why aren't u smiling Can't expect me to help u if ur not happy to have me lol Deepika rolls her eyes at the message. She puts on a smile, and posed with a peace sign while taking her selfie. After sending the picture, she receives a text.

Anuj:Thats better lol Im on my with my bike, and a helmet Meet me downstairs so i can pick u up Deepika:Wat?? Like this?? Anuj:I cant come up to the bathroom, the guard will ask why im coming late Deepika:And he wont ask me?

Anuj:not if u come as u are lol cum down and meet me i cant help u if u don't help urself lol

Deepika is not sure what to do. Walk out of the bathroom and through the hall in this state, she may get caught. Stay in the bathroom until class finishes, and she will get caught. Deepika's heart sank at her decision.

She texted back to Anuj:Fine, ill meet u down

Anuj:I ll wait while u cum down lol

She now has to decide where to hide the dildo. She can't leave it here, or her forced foursome gets leaked. She can carry it. However she not only has to carry her phone and wallet, but Hridya's heels. She cannot afford to wear them and make too much noise against the tile floors. She dreaded the idea but she knew what she had to do.

She inserted the dildo into her. However the vibrations are so strong, she also started to get aroused by it. She notices the dildo slipping from her well lubricated pussy, so she clenched her vagina to keep it in. It just made the vibrations even more intense. After removing her shoes, she went to the door, took a deep breath, opened it, and started sprinting outside. Thank god classes are going on, otherwise this would be humiliating.

She passed the classroom and reached for the stairs. However she heard footsteps. It is the biochemistry teacher for the next class. Panicking, she hid behind the door to the staircase. The dildo was making too much noise. She pushed it further up her cunt, in the hopes it reduces the sound. This unfortunately made her squeal a bit. Her pussy juice was soaking her panties and was running down her legs. She held her other hand against her mouth, to stop screaming, as the professor walks past her. It was the slowest few seconds, as the professor passed the door. It was at this point she realized she did not even pee like she planned. So she is horny from the vibrator, and she has to go pee badly, since before the last class ended. The professor then stopped in front of the classroom door, waiting for the class to finish. Deepika does not what to do, as the class is just too close to the staircase. When the professor was not looking, Deepika bolted. Had the professor turned around faster, she would have witnessed a half naked, horny medical student, with a dildo in her twat.

Deepika rushed downstairs as fast as she could. However the vibrating dildo did not help her walk faster, especially when she has to clench it to prevent it from falling out. She stopped mid staircase to gain support from the rails, as she orgasmed. Part of her wants to just piss on the floor for relief. She jumped, after hearing a loud ring. She looked at her phone, to see that Anuj is calling her. She answered, "Hello?"

"I'm outside the door," Anuj replied. "Where the fuck are you?"

"I'm nearly there."

"Ok," Anuj said. "By the way, the guard is outside, try giving him a blowjob, he may let you go without a problem."

He then hung up. As much as she hated the idea of satisfying some perv's needs, this was not her first time to give oral. She finally reached the door, only to be witnessed by a shocked guard. Without thinking, she waddled to the guard, while cumming from the vibrator again, and tried to open his fly. However she was met with resistance, from a clearly frightened man. He pushed her away, pleading something in Kannada. Confused she kept trying to reach for his pants, while the man was pleading something in Kannada. This was all witnessed by Anuj who was recording the whole thing. He eventually stepped forward, and was calming the guard down. He then gave the guard some cash, and took Deepika to the bike.

"This guy is a married man, and got frightened at how forward you were," Anuj laughed. "I gave him some money, so he won't report."

Anuj looked down at Deepika stained panties.

"Seems like someone enjoyed her time in college," he smirked.

All Deepika could do is moan, as she was getting her fourth orgasm. The guard and Anuj stared as she went cross eyed from the intensity. Her vagina started pulsating, and she herself had difficulty standing up. Some urine started dribbling out slowly, after holding for what seemed like forever, while aroused. She tried to clench tight to stop herself, but failed miserably.

After she climaxed, her vagina was so lubricated that her dildo slipped out. The weight pushed her panties down exposing her cunt outside. Thank goodness the class room windows are blacked out so nobody could see. The dildo dropped to the concrete ground, with a loud ping sound. Deepika rested on the bike, and weakly pulled up her panties. She tried to block her piss with her hands, but it started gushing down like a river. Through her panties, the stream went down. Deepika never felt such a relief. The flow of the urine, was also turning her on again, eventually leading her 4th orgasm today. This made her pelvic thrust at each pleasure. Finally the urine slowly decreased in flow. It eventually turned to drips. It finally ceased. She felt exhausted. Her darkened panties felt cool, due to the breeze. Her vagina finally had rest after holding the vibrator throughout her ordeal. She slips her hand under her panties to rub her pussy. She did not care who watched. It just felt right. Deepika felt drained as the dildo on the ground, in slows down to a stop.

Anuj and the guard just stared dumbfounded. The guard looked shocked at what he had witnessed, and Anuj was just happy he got it all on his phone. He wished the guard, and walked towards his bike. He took out a cloth to put over the seat, and told Deepika to sit on it.

After regaining her composure, she slipped on her heels, grabbed the dildo, and climbed on to the seat. Anuj gave her a helmet, which covered her face. He typed something on her phone, before placing it and the dildo in his bag, and hopped on.

"Thank you for taking back to the hostel, Anuj," Deepika said.

"Are you serious?" Anuj retorted. "What are you gonna tell the manager or the matron, when they see you coming to the hostel during this time, and at this state."

"So where are we going?" Deepika asked.

"Beach, bitch," he laughed. "You got the right outfit anyways."

"What?" Deepika panicked. "I'm in my underwear! I can't go like this."

"Underwear, bikini, same thing," he laughed. "But before we go we'll grab something to eat, and some batteries. You seem to really like that toy."

He accelerated and left the campus. Deepika is not sure what's next for her. It was difficult to predict her misfortune with the vibration from the bike traveling through her panties, straight to her already sensitive clit.

