Author: J.E. Hart

Desperate at the office

Cara was rudely awoken by her alarm Monday morning, indicating it was time to get up and get ready for work.

She yawned, sat up in bed, and stretched, feeling a slight twinge in her bladder. She hadn’t peed since before she went to sleep last night.

“What time did a fall asleep last night?” she asked herself groggily, rubbing her eyes so she could see better.

She grabbed her phone to shut off the alarm and check the time. She blinked a few times just to make sure the clock on her phone was reading what she thought it was before realizing that it was definitely correct.

“8:00? Fuck! I’m supposed to be at work right now,” she said, jumping off her bed and practically sprinting out of her bedroom and into the kitchen.

Cara grabbed a packet of instant coffee granules, flicked on the kettle, and bounced up and down impatiently as she waited for the water to boil. As soon as it did, she poured the water into a thermos, dumped the coffee in, and screwed the lid on tight.

“Gotta hurry,” she murmured, throwing the thermos down on a table near the front door.

She disappeared into her bathroom with some clothes and a came out a few minutes later with her dark brown hair in a tight ponytail and some light makeup on. She was wearing a black pantsuit with a delicate white shirt tucked in. She had also put on some black patent leather short boots that elevated her about an inch above her normal short height.

Cara rushed over to the front door, grabbed her car and house keys, a thermos of coffee, and her laptop bag and headed out the door, slamming it shut behind her.

As soon as she hopped in the car and had backed out of her driveway, she took a big gulp of her coffee.

“Ugh, that tastes awful/ she said before taking another sip. “At least it’s caffeine.”

Suddenly, she felt another twinge in her bladder - which she had forgotten to take care of during her few minutes of getting ready.

“I forgot to pee this morning! Shit, what should I do?” She deliberated turning back home and peeing quickly, since once she got to work she probably wouldn’t have a chance until her lunch break, but she was already late and didn’t want to make herself any later.

“I’ll just hold it. I’m sure it’ll be fine,” she reassured herself as she squeezed her thigh muscles together for a brief moment. “I’m a big girl. This shouldn’t be a problem.”

Without thinking about it, Cara drained her coffee on the drive to work. She only considered its diuretic effects when she opened her car door and stood up. It felt like a weight had dropped in her abdomen.

“Why did I drink so much coffee?” she muttered to herself, making sure she had everything she needed from the car. “It wasn’t even good coffee, and I feel like I’m getting a headache anyway.”

She sighed and headed into the office building where she worked, hoping her day would be easy and stress-free.

###

"You’re late,” Melissa, Cara’s coworker, said as she walked in.

“Overslept,” Cara explained. “My alarm was set wrong from the weekend.”

“Yeah, you do know you can set different alarms for different days,” Melissa replied.

“You know me; stubborn till the day I die.”

Melissa laughed. “Oh, by the way, the manager wants to see you in her office.”

Cara perked up. “Why? Is it because I’m late?”

“I don’t think so. It seemed like it was about something else.”

Cara quickly set her things down at her desk and walked to her manager’s office. On the way there, she glanced over at the coffee table where there was a fresh pot of coffee brewing.

I'll have to get some of that when I'm done in here, she thought to herself, pushing open the manager’s office door.

“Good morning, Cara,” Anne said. “Would you mind sitting down for a minute?”

“Hello, Anne.” Cara took a seat at Anne’s desk. The waistband of her pants dug into her bladder slightly, so she crossed her legs to try to ease some of the pressure. It helped a little, but not much.

“Your work on the last project you led was excellent, and I would like to congratulate you on being so efficient and professional.”

Cara grinned. “Thank you, Anne.”

“That’s not all. Because of your recent successes, I want you to present some of the key points of the project and anything you might have learned from it or want to share about it at an informal presentation later today.”

“Today? That’s, uh, not much time to prepare.”

“Oh, it doesn’t need to be anything big. Just something simple on what you believe are the most important aspects.” Anne smiled. “Don’t worry too much about it. Just have fun! The presentation will be held in the conference room right after lunch break.”

Cara thanked her manager again. Despite what Anna mentioned about having fun, she wanted to do well on the presentation and prove that she could be, as Anne had said, ‘efficient and professional’ in everything she did at the office, so she immediately left to go work on it.

Standing up from the chair in Anne’s office created a bit of a challenge, as in the last few minutes of sitting listening to Anne, he bladder had filled considerably with the coffee she drank in the car. Instinctively, Cara bent over slightly to try to regain her composure, but quickly straightened out again when she remembered that people could see her, including her manager.

The feeling of needing to pee went away fairly quickly once her mind wandered back to the presentation and everything else she had to get done today. With her need to pee now slightly better under control, she turned her attention toward getting another cup of coffee in her body.

If she was going to make a presentation for the entire office in a couple of hours, she needed more caffeine. Once she was armed with coffee and a vision for her presentation, she set to work.

Cara didn’t look up from her computer for a solid hour. Between the presentation and some other projects she had planned to work on today, she was far too busy to even think about anything else. Absentmindedly, she picked up her coffee cup and began to take a sip, but her lips met an empty cup.

“Huh?” she mumbled, tearing her eyes away from her computer screen to peer down into the cup. “Oh, guess I drank it all.”

She was about to go get more coffee to fuel her work, but then decided she should drink some water as well. She wanted to stay hydrated, as that pesky headache she had started to feel earlier was threatening to come back.

As soon as she stood up from her desk, Cara decided she would take a quick bathroom break too.

I can spare the time, right? she thought to herself as she glanced at the little clock on her desk. It was later than she thought and her heart dropped ever so slightly. Nope! It's either a drink or a trip to the bathroom.

She sighed and made her way to the water cooler where she poured herself a cup of water and downed it on the spot. Instantly, she felt her bladder jolt and was forced to cross her legs for a brief second. She hoped no one saw her, and after a cursory glance, she was pretty sure she was safe.

###

Because no one was around to see her, Cara gave her herself a squeeze with her hand and pressed her thighs together as she threw the water cup away in the garbage. Since she was already near the coffee, she made sure to fill her coffee cup that she had brought over, as she probably wouldn’t have another chance until after her presentation was over.

As she sat back down, Cara mentally tallied the drinks she had today:

- A big thermos of coffee on her way to work

- A cup of coffee once she got to work

- A cup of water

- Another cup of coffee

Not to mention the glass of water she always had before bed the night before, which she hadn’t gotten a chance to empty from her system yet.

“That’s a lot,” she whispered to herself. “I hope I can hold out long enough to make it to a toilet.” Cara chuckled at such a silly thought and got back to work, not really giving her bladder another thought until she glanced at the time an hour later.

“Oh, my God, it’s already lunch time!”

“Yeah, where has your mind been?” Melissa leaned back in her chair so she could see Cara in the next cubicle over.

The mental list of beverages she had consumed flashed through Cara’s mind, alerting her to the pressure she was now feeling in her bladder. “I had to finish my presentation,” she explained. “I guess I got a little too into it.”

“Hey, wanna grab a sandwich at the local coffee shop with me? I could stand a walk in the fresh air.”

“Uh, sure.” Cara had hoped to use the bathroom before she left to get lunch, but Melissa was already standing up and putting on her coat.

“It’s super cold out lately. Don’t forget your jacket. I heard it’s supposed to be windy today too.”

Cara smiled and nodded, reaching for her coat on the back of her desk chair. Her hand grasped emptiness and she whipped her head around. “Where’s my coat?” Suddenly, she remembered how much of a rush she was in and realized that she had left her coat at home, hanging up in the closet. “Shit, I guess I don’t have it with me today. Hey, Melissa?”

“Yeah?” Melissa looked up.

“Do you have a jacket or anything I can borrow, like, in your car?”

“Hmm, I don’t think so. I can check if you want.”

“No, it’s fine. We won’t be outside long, and I’m sure a little cold air won’t kill me.” Cara didn’t want to spend any extra time on her lunch break looking for a jacket to wear.

She was really getting desperate to pee and just wanted to make it to the coffee shop and use their bathroom. For a moment, she even deliberated telling Melissa to wait and she would be right back, but she decided that was a little too awkward to do around a coworker right before they left.

###

As soon as Cara opened the front door of the building and walked out, she knew she was in serious trouble. Her bladder spasmed and it took every muscle in her body to keep from crossing her legs and shoving her hand down to stop herself from leaking. Instead, she tried to keep her composure and snapped her legs shut. She was sure a tiny dribble had escaped, but now that she was more used to the cold and wind, it wasn’t as much shock to her bladder.

“Is everything okay?” Melissa asked once Cara didn’t move for a few seconds.

“Oh, uh, yeah, I was just thinking I left my phone in the office. She patted her suit jacket. “It’s in my pocket though.”

Melissa nodded and the two women began their walk to the coffee shop. Cara wished Melissa didn’t walk so slowly, but she seemed eager to tell Cara about her weekend. Cara tried her best to sound interested and respond at appropriate times, but she was more concerned about her need to pee.

They got to the coffee shop after an agonizingly long walk and ordered coffee and a sandwich each. Once they found a place to sit and were waiting for their coffee to be ready, Cara began to speak.

“I’m going to-“

“Latte Macchiato with almond milk and one pump of caramel syrup!” the person at the counter called.

Realizing that was her coffee, Cara jumped up to get it. Her bladder now felt like a water balloon being filled up too full and getting ready to pop.

She had to walk slowly so as not to jostle it, but the coffee shop was crowded with people on their lunch breaks and she had to push past a few different people. It was pure torture and she couldn’t wait to get to the bathroom.

“I’ll be right back,” she said to Melissa, setting her coffee down on the table. “I’m just going to run to the bathroom.”

“Okay. Oh, sounds like my coffee’s ready anyway.” Melissa heard the same person call out her order. “I’ll meet you back here at the table.”

Cara eagerly walked over to the bathroom door. Her bladder began to pulse in anticipation of finally emptying the flood of liquid inside her. It was almost too much for her to keep in, but she was so close...

“It’s locked!” she whispered, turning the handle one more time just to be sure.

“It’ll be a while,” a muffled voice from inside said.

Cara closed her eyes and sighed. She had been so close to relief, and once again it was snatched from her. Now she had to drink the coffee she ordered on a full bladder, which she wasn’t sure she could manage. The very thought was causing her to have to cross her legs. Being in a darker, more secluded spot in the coffee shop allowed her to be a bit more free with her movements, so she reached her hand down and gripped herself, pressing up in an attempt to keep the pee at bay and give her muscles a much needed break.

After her brief moment of holding, she carefully untangled her legs and went back to the table. Melissa look surprised to see her back so soon, so she explained what happened.

“There was someone in there. It’s fine, though, I’ll just wait till we get back to the office.”

“Hey, what time is your presentation?” Melissa asked.

Presentation? Cara’s heart skipped a beat. She had actually forgotten about it once she finished working on it, but now it put a wrench into her plans. “Um, right after lunch break. We’ll all be meeting in the conference room. I promise it won’t be too long, though.” She chuckled, half joking, half serious.

“I’m excited for it!” Melissa replied. I’ve looked up to you since you started working here, and now I’m finally going to get a chance to get a better picture of how you do your job.”

Cara was very flattered by Melissa’s compliment. She only wished she could fully enjoy it, trying to mask her extreme need to pee was taking a good chunk of her attention.

They ate their sandwiches and drank their coffee, Cara being careful to to drink the bulk of it at the tail-end of their lunch break so she wouldn’t be left with an even worse need to pee on the walk back to the office. Fortunately, they were on schedule to make it back with enough time for her to use the bathroom before her presentation, which was necessary if she wanted to do well on it.

###

On their walk back, they came across what looked like an accident. A police officer came up to them at the crosswalk and explained what happened.

“This road won’t be clear for a couple of hours, so you’ll have to circle around the block that way-“ he pointed- “and then get back on the street you want.”

The women nodded, turned around, and began their journey the long way around to their office.

Cara wasn’t happy about this new development. She kept sneaking looks at her phone to check the time. At this rate, she would have to go in, set up her presentation, and if she was lucky, have time to use the bathroom before everyone arrived from their lunch breaks. It wasn’t ideal, but she was pretty sure she could make it work.

Unlike the walk to the coffee shop, their walk back was much brisker due to the detour. As they walked, Cara’s bladder spasmed again and she felt another drop force its way out into her underwear. She had to make this situation work.

They got back to the office and Cara grabbed her laptop and practically ran to the conference room, where she set up the projector and opened up her presentation. Since she was alone in the room, she danced all around while setting it up. Her hand had a vice-like grip on her pussy and each bounce reminded her how badly she needed to pee.

Soon, she had everything ready to go so she turned around to make a mad dash to the bathrooms and almost ran into her manager. “Sorry! I didn’t realize you were there.” Her face flushed pink and she hoped Anne hadn’t actually seen her pee dancing.

Behind Anne were several other of Cara’s coworkers streaming in. Her heart sank as she realized she wouldn’t have enough time to use the bathroom. Almost everyone had arrived at this point and she couldn’t leave them waiting for a few minutes while she emptied her bladder.

Soon everyone had arrived and sat down at the conference table. They were looking at Cara, so she took her place by the projection screen and began her presentation. At this point, she couldn’t stand up perfectly straight anymore without extreme pain shooting through her lower abdomen. She tried to make her hunching over less obvious to the people watching her, but it was difficult to do when she was trying to make a presentation and focus on saying the right words.

“It can be difficult to balance leading a team of people while also contributing important work yourself.”

Cara shifted her weight and clicked to the next slide. Her bladder was weighing down so heavily, she could feel it with every breath she took. The coffee she drank from the coffee shop was starting to reach it, and a wave of panic swept over her briefly.

She began speaking a little faster just to get to the end of her presentation. On the final slide, she finished her last point, took a deep breath, and did something she absolutely didn’t want to do.

“Any questions?”

Melissa asked the first one. “What do you usually do if you hit a wall in your progress?”

“I try to go over everything I already have and see if I missed something. If I can’t find anything helpful, I usually reconvene with my team and we brainstorm together, which almost always works.”

A few more people asked questions, and not having to stand to the side anymore, Cara began pacing around the front of the room. She found that moving helped her hold her pee better, and at this point, she was so desperate she would do anything not to explode all over in front of her coworkers.

“Well, thank you all for listening to me, and I hope you got something helpful out of this!”

As everyone got up to leave, Anne came up to her.

“Great presentation, Cara. You seem a little restless though. Is everything all right?”

Cara blushed again. “Everything’s fine,” she reassured Anne. “I just woke up late today and have been trying to catch up the whole day.”

Anne nodded in understanding. “You know, you did such a great job today creating and showing a presentation on such short notice, and even managing to get unrelated work done this morning, I’m going to let you go home early.”

“Really?” A smile spread across Cara’s face. “Thank you! It’ll be so nice to just go home and relax.”

What she wanted to say was that she was mostly excited to have a chance to go use the bathroom for the first time today. Fortunately, she held her tongue and kept that thought to herself.

###

Anne left Cara in the conference room to take apart the presentation and get ready to leave for the day. The first thing Cara wanted to do, however, was make a beeline for the bathroom.

Finally, she was getting such much-deserved relief. After four cups of coffee and a couple of glasses of water, plus not having peed since over 12 hours ago, she was beyond desperate. She wasn’t even sure if she could make it to the office bathroom dry.

Before she could begin the painful walk to the bathroom, she had to compose herself. Her bladder was pounding, her legs were crossed like a pretzel, and she was bouncing up and down. She assumed this position the moment Anne left. It was a sight to see, but Cara was alone and didn’t even care if someone walked in at this point.

“Okay, all I have to do is uncross my legs and start walking” she murmured. “That can't be too hard to do.” It turned out it was much harder than she anticipated. As soon as she uncrossed her legs, she felt a spurt of pee escape.

She gasped and clamped her legs shut again. The waistband of her pants was digging into her bladder and making it ten times worse, so she unbuttoned them and took some of the pressure off.

“That’s a little better,” she said, trying to pull apart her legs enough to walk.

One step forward and she narrowly avoided another dribble of pee leaking out. Now that her pants were unbuttoned, she could shove her hand inside her pants and get a better grip on her pee hole, which she could feel quivering. Her muscles were weakening and she needed to hurry, which was the one thing she couldn’t do.

Cupping her hand over her panties and carefully pushing her fingers onto her pee hole, she could feel the dampness on the gusset.

“Great, I’m going to need to wash these when I get home.”

Cara waddled to the door, her entire hand jammed into her pants, and readied to open it. She would have to remove her hand before she did, which was going to be the hard part. Before she even had a chance to pull it away, her muscles gave out for a second and her panties were rewarmed and her hand was dampened with a spurt of hot pee.

“Oh, my God!” Cara hissed and crossed her legs and bent her knees, folding herself over and moving up and down in an effort to keep more pee from spraying out.

She hoped to God that no one would open the door, especially since she had been in here for a long time after everyone else and left.

Slowly, she removed her hand from inside her pants, untucked her shirt and pulled it over the open waistband to conceal it, and pulled apart her legs just enough to look almost like she was walking normally.

She managed to hold herself together when she walked past the cubicles of her workmates, but she could feel that time was running out. If she didn’t get to a toilet soon, she was going to have another leak, and at this point, that leak was likely to turn into a full, unstoppable stream.

She made it to the door to the bathrooms and was about to push it open when she saw the sign outside:

‘Closed for cleaning’

“What?” she said a little more loudly than she planned. Darting her eyes around to make sure no one had heard her, she refocused her thoughts on her screaming bladder.

“Fuck!” she whispered under her breath. “I can’t wait until I get home. I just can’t.” She wiggled her legs back and forth and took a deep breath through her clenched teeth.

After a few moments of deliberating, each second bringing her closer to the edge of disaster, Cara decided she would gather up all her stuff and wait to see if the bathroom opened up again.

She had never had this kind of problem before. Usually the custodians did any necessary cleaning while people were on lunch break, but they must have had a slow start to the day, much like Cara.

She glanced back at the door opposite, which was the men’s bathroom. It wasn’t closed at the moment, and maybe she could sneak into one of the stalls in there.

No, Cara, you’re being crazy! she silently admonished herself. I’ll just wait a few minutes until the bathroom is done being cleaned.

###

Cara went back to her desk, each step reminding her how badly she needed to pee. She was getting to the point where she didn’t really care if others saw her so desperate. She just wanted to be able to pee out everything she was holding back.

Melissa was just sitting back down at her desk when she saw Cara.

“I wanted to tell you, great presentation! I learned a lot.”

“Thanks,” Cara said, grabbing everything she needed to take back home.

Melissa seemed to notice how flustered Cara was and asked her if she was okay. “Are you sick or something?”

“No, Anne told me I could go home early because of my good work today.”

“Awesome!”

“Yeah, it’s really nice.”

“But why do you seem so, I don’t know, off?”

Cara shifted uncomfortably, painfully aware of her bulging bladder. “Well, I haven’t peed since last night, and I...I’m just waiting for a chance to do that. The bathrooms are being cleaned right now.”

Melissa nodded her head in understanding. “Oh, that sucks. I think the custodian just went in there to clean a couple of minutes ago. They probably won’t be out for a while.”

Cara thought she saw Melissa’s eyes lingering around her lower waist, but she couldn’t be sure. She sighed and said, “Well, I guess I’ll just go home, then. No sense in waiting around for the same amount of time it will take to go home.”

“See you tomorrow.”

“Yeah, see you tomorrow.”

Cara logged off of her computer, taking that time to sit down in her chair with the heel of her foot pressing into her crotch. That was the most comfortable position she had found for her swollen, overfilled bladder. Too bad she couldn’t drive home like that.

I won't hit rush hour traffic, which is nice, she thought to herself. It was tough trying to find any positives when her bladder was screaming at her to empty it.

With her hands full of the thermos from this morning, some files she needed to take home and work on, and the computer bag with her laptop, Cara couldn’t use her hands as an aid for her desperate bladder. Fortunately, someone held the door for her as she walked out, which prevented her from having to awkwardly shift around everything she was carrying and jostle her bladder in the process. It was so full and tender, even the lightest tap on it sent waves of desperation through her body, making her shiver.

###

The cold, windy air was almost too much. It had been bad earlier, but it was much worse now.

All Cara wanted to do was drop everything she was carrying and hold herself with both hands, but that was impossible. She shuffled through the parking lot until she found her car, where she had to set everything down in order to find her keys.

She took this opportunity to hold herself and dance around before shuffling through her pockets and computer bag for her car keys.

“Come on, where are you?” she said through gritted teeth. “I need to get home and pee!”

After another minute of frantically searching for her keys and almost losing another spurt of pee, Cara peered inside her car.

“Wait, did I leave my keys in the car?” Her eyes widened when she saw her keys sitting on the console. “No!” Cara tried the door, which was of course locked. “Fuck, this is the worst day of my life.”

Her bladder was begging for release now, so she took her phone out of her pocket, found a locksmith she could call, and dialed the number while she kept one hand planted firmly inside her pants.

After hanging up from talking with the locksmith, who would be out in around ten minutes, she decided her hand inside her pants wasn’t enough.

As Cara danced around outside her car, keeping an eye out for any people in the parking lot, she slid her hand inside her underwear and put her finger directly over her pee hole. The amount of control she had now came as a great reassurance to her, and for just a second, she relaxed.

It was one second to long, though, and she immediately tensed back up as a spurt of pee burst through her finger and smoked her already wet panties.

“Please, no!” she pleaded with herself, squeezing her legs together as tightly as she possibly could and rubbing them back and forth.

She was doubled over in desperation, her hand now wet with her own pee. She almost didn’t care anymore. In fact, she was ready to go find a place to pee in the parking lot, but the locksmith would be here any minute and she had to wait until he left.

Waiting for that locksmith was torturous. Several times Cara thought of walking over to the alley between buildings nearby and just squatting down and peeing, but she still had some rational thought left. She had to make do with holding herself and dancing around.

Finally, a truck pulled up with the words ‘Layton’s Locksmithing' printed on the side.

“Thank God!” Cara breathed. She took a moment to gingerly remove her hand, which was still glistening from her last leak, and she pulled her shirt back over her bulging abdomen. “Hi, this is the car I need unlocked.” She waved the man down, being extra careful not to reach her arm up too high and stretch her bladder.

###

The man noticed Cara waving to him and walked over to her car. “Sure thing,” he said.

He got to work unlocking her car door while she watched impatiently. He seemed to take forever, and time was one thing Cara didn’t have on her side at the moment. She was sure her pee was slowly dribbling out by now, because she couldn’t move around without alerting the locksmith to her predicament.

She couldn’t stand straight at all, but she hoped her bent over position didn’t look too unusual. She tried putting one hand casually on her hip, but that was too close to her bladder and her fingers were pushing into it. Since the locksmith was busy, she decided to sneak her hand down to her pussy and give it a squeeze. She also wanted to feel her suit pants and make sure the outside was still dry, which fortunately was the case.

“All right, ma’am, got it unlocked for you.” The locksmith opened the driver-side door and turned to look at her.

Cara visibly jumped and pulled her hand to her side as quickly as she could. Her momentary panic made her bladder muscles contract and she lost control. A small, steady stream beat to fill her underwear with pee.

“Uh, thank you,” She stammered, squeezing her legs together until it hurt in an attempt to pause the flow of pee.

“If you just give me your information, I'll send your bill in the mail.”

“What? Oh, of course.” She hadn’t thought about payment, but it was this man’s job.

The locksmith wanted her to walk over to his truck with him and fill out her address in his book, but there was one problem with that: Cara had managed to stem the flow of pee while she was standing, but she knew that if she tried to walk, it would start up again. She would have to swallow her pride and let the man know she had to remain where she was.

“Sorry, can you bring it over here? I really need to pee and I, well...I don’t think I can walk that far.”

The man nodded and went to his truck to get the book. Cara’s face burned with embarrassment, but at least she wasn’t wetting herself in front of the locksmith, which was her only alternative.

Now that the locksmith knew her situation, she wasted no time in holding herself with one hand. She even moved around a little, first picking up one leg and then the other. Her need to pee was getting so bad by now she felt like crying, and her few seconds of release had made her all the more desperate. Her entire body was getting tired and it felt like her bladder was just waiting for a moment to get another leak out.

The locksmith came back to her and she quickly jotted down her address, wishing the locksmith didn’t use such an antiquated form of payment. He started to chat with her, but she had to cut the conversation short because counted if she wanted to make it home without completely peeing herself.

###

As Cara carefully got into the car, her bladder felt like a target in front of her. It was bulging so much, she had to be careful not to bump the steering wheel with it.

“Oh, my God,” she moaned, settling into the seat. “I’m actually going to explode.”

Having to sit still in the car made her bladder throb like she had never felt before. She only hoped she could make it home on time.

She decided to take the way home that was slightly longer, but had fewer traffic lights. She felt like she had a better chance of avoiding any extra stops that way.

That turned out to be a huge mistake. The one stoplight on the route she chose turned yellow as she pulled closer, and was red by the time she reached it. With a sigh, she stopped and jiggled one of her legs feverishly. She didn’t want to waste time going again once the light turned green, so she kept both hands on the steering wheel and stared straight again.

“Come on, just change,” she willed the light, clenching her jaw.

Cara was sure she was about to leak again. She could feel a torrent of pee right at her pee hole, threatening to break loose at any moment. She couldn’t believe how much her bladder had held throughout the day, but it was finally reaching its absolute limit.

At this point, the last cup of coffee she had with Melissa had fully reached her bladder and was filling it up past breaking point. If she didn’t get home in the next five minutes, any leak she might have would turn into a full gush of pee. Her muscles were severely weakened and all that she was holding on with were her frenzied movements and sheer willpower.

After what seemed like an eternity, the light turned green and Cara shot forward. Unfortunately, another car to the right was just driving up to the light and either hadn’t noticed that the light had changed or didn’t care.

As quickly as Cara started, she stopped her car again, slamming on the brakes. She managed to avoid hitting the other car, whose driver laid on the horn at her.

In that moment of panic and anger, she forgot completely about her need to pee. It was brought to her attention again when she felt hot liquid spreading on her suit pants.

“No!” she squealed, throwing both hands down to her pussy to physically stop herself from peeing. “Please, stop,” she cried, pee still managing to spray out of her pee hole every few seconds, despite her finger being in place to block it.

The damage to Cara’s pants had been done, but she hadn’t peed enough to get any on her seat, which she was relieved to see when she inspected it. Her heart was still pounding from the events of the last few minutes, but she was still okay and for a very short amount of time, she had successfully regained control of her bladder. She still didn’t know if she could make it home, but she was going to try everything in her power.

Now alone at the intersection, Cara started driving again, only with one hand on the steering wheel this time. The other hand was planted firmly inside her underwear in case anything else happened to her on the way back home. Every few seconds, she could feel a drop of pee escape and rewet her finger, but she wasn’t experiencing any more major leaks.

Her bladder still felt like a bowling ball and was tender and rock-hard to touch; it seemed that her several-seconds long leak hadn’t been enough to feel any better.

“I just have to get home,” she whispered to herself, her face screwed up in concentration.

###

She turned the last corner that blocked her from her house. The sight of her small, white house was more comforting than she could have ever imagined. Parking her car in the driveway, she make sure to take her keys out of the ignition and put them in her blazer pocket to avoid what happened earlier.. Then she picked up her house keys out of the cupholder and made sure she had the correct key ready to go in the lock. She would worry about the rest of her things in the car later.

Both legs were fanning back and forth furiously as she prepared herself to get out. When the time finally came, she realized she might not be able to stand up without leaking. The last of the coffee during her lunch break had reached her bladder and it was so full, it felt like the pee inside was actually going to spill out like an overfull bucket.

“I just have to get out and then I’ll finally be free/’ she tried to reassure herself.

She twisted in her seat so she could get her feet on the ground and winced as her bladder felt the impact of moving. It was almost too much for her to bear, but she knew she had to get out now or be forced to wet herself right here in her car, which she really didn’t want to do. A hot jet of pee spurted out, making her even more determined to make it to her bathroom.

After what seemed like minutes, Cara had finally gotten out of her car, although she was completely folded over with her legs twisted like a pretzel. “I can’t walk,” she breathed. “I’m about to piss myself.”

As she very slowly dragged herself over to her front door, keys still in hand, she tried to make a mental picture of what she would do:

First she had to unlock the door, which would require the use of one hand. Then she would step inside, walk directly to the toilet, and since her pants were already unbuttoned, pull them and her underwear down and sit.

It was simple really, but her swollen bladder made the entire task so much more difficult. The mere thought of being able to pee in a few seconds caused another spurt of pee to spray out of her wet pants and onto the ground.

“Fuck, no! Come on,” she pleaded with herself. “So close!”

As soon as she was close enough to reach the door, Cara shoved her key into the lock and turned it, marching in place.

The door handle turned and she swung the door open, cautiously going up the steps an standing at the threshold. She now had a dilemma: “Should I keep walking the way I am or should I run to the toilet?”

She didn’t have much time left to decide, as the motion of walking up steps had caused two fresh leaks, and it was becoming harder and harder to control each one.

She bit her lip and danced at her doorway, not caring if any of her neighbors saw her. She decided that if she sprinted, she would lose pee all the way to the bathroom, but if she shuffled in, she would still stand a chance of not leaking anymore.

Cara made it three steps inside before a spurt of pee dripped onto the floor. “Fuck!” She squeezed her pee hole tighter and gritted her teeth together.

Her bladder was pulsating, and just a second after the last leak came another, this one a longer and more forceful stream. She had to stop walking just to stem the flow, which made a small puddle on the floor.

She got all the way to the bathroom door before she had her third leak inside the house. Her bladder spasmed and she felt her muscles give way, and this time she knew there was no going back.

“Oh, my God, no, I’m peeing!” she gasped, using the entire strength of both her hands to stop herself, which she somehow was able to for about half a second.

Her bladder was howling for release and every time she breathed, another spray of pee gushed onto the floor.

“Just-get-to-the-toilet!” Cara was panting and had her eyes squeezed almost all the way shut.

The sight of the toilet in front of her was glorious, but it was too much for her tired, overworked muscles to bear. With all the growing leaks in the last few seconds, the final one was enough to do her in.

A huge, powerful stream erupted from her before she could even move her hands. It sprayed out around them, getting her shirt and blazer wet along with her pants and the floor, where a puddle was quickly forming around her boots.

Finally giving up, Cara spread her legs apart, removed her hands, and leaned against the wall, letting the feeling of sweet relief wash over her. Her mind went blank. It was almost orgasmic, and after two solid minutes of peeing, she opened her eyes and looked around to regain her bearings.

All her clothes and boots were drenched and there was a large puddle that needed mopping up, but those could wait a little while longer.

She was shaking from the feeling of emptying her bladder. She felt like an entirely different person now. Her legs were trembling, so she dropped to her knees before she fell. Her heart was pounding so hard, she could feel it thumping in her chest.

“Wow,” was all she could say.

Cara had never before felt the way she did after holding and wetting. The entire experience was a little too intense for her to do every day or even every week, but it had created a thirst in her that she never knew existed. She had a desire to feel that feeling, that indescribable relief after hours of holding, again. Maybe next time, however, she would plan it out a little better.
