My Accident 2

By: Lucy J (date unknown) T#384

I read Michelle's response to my last letter and have this to say.

I'm interested as to your accident staging. To me it's a real turn-on to stage an accident, and since I posted my original letter I have staged two further accidents. I have never really thought of it as staging an accident, either doing it on purpose or accidentally on purpose if you know what I mean.

I still haven't had the guts to stage an accident infront of my boyfriend yet but I went away for a week with a friend and staged two accidents.

The first was outside the hotel bar where my friend and I had met 4 men. I have to say that they were gorgeous and if I wasn't with my boyfriend I would have done something about it. I'm not being modest but my friend and I are both very attractive girls and I wanted to find some way of turning these guys on, but just as a tease. I was wearing a very short mini skirt that I had pulled up so they could just about see the crotch of my panties. I thought one way would be to take them off so that they could see my pussy and the best excuse to do this would be to wet them.

I stood there making it obvious that I wanted to go and putting my hand on my crotch, eventually I let it flow as these 4 men where staring. I stood there with my arms and legs apart and looking down saying things like 'Oh my God' and 'I'm so embarrassed'. I then put my knees together as the feeling of piss running down my legs really excites me. I could tell that these guys where getting really excited which really turned me on. When I finished I acted all embarrassed and my friend offered to take me back to the room to change, so instead I lifted up my skirt and took off my panties. The four guys just stood there saying nothing, and with bulges in their trousers (pants). The rest of the night I sat down and did other things to give them a glimpse of my pussy.

The second time was our last night, my friend had gone to bed early (she met some guy on the holiday) and I went to the local nightclub (disco) with some other guys that I met. I was wearing a blue short mini skirt with a white g-string on underneath. That night they had some silly "sex" show that was only a woman stripping and then pulling up some guy and then a guy stripping and then pulling me up on the stage. It wasn't so much a sex show but more of a laugh. Because of the show and the day of the week the club was full, there must have been about 600 people there.

The woman stripped first and then pulled up some guy and stripped him naked and began to have simulated sex with him and teasing him. They then said the man would go on next, I needed to go to the toilet but didn't because I wanted to see him. When the man came on, he was fair/good looking but had a great body. When he was naked the guys I was with were trying to push me onto the stage, this he obviously saw and so he pulled me up. I was so embarrassed, 600 people were watching this guy rub himself up against me, pulling up my skirt and making me rub my hand on his dick. It actually turned me on and made me wet which I knew would make that little patch in my panties so to try and get off the stage I pretended I needed to go to the toilet, holding my crotch (this also hid the patch). He refused to let me off the stage and all the guys in the club were cheering and the girls were joining in too (I thought girls were supposed to help each other). 

As I was nervous and embarrassed I needed to pee even more, I looked out at these 600 people and thought that I either let this guy strip me and embarrass me or wet myself so he would leave me alone, to which I could then make a quick exit. As I was about to start to pee, the stripper came from behind and began to pull me back from the waist of my skirt which snapped it. I instantly put my hands on the break at the side to hold it up. As I was fumbling he began to undo my blouse, I had no bra on but wasn't to bothered as I sunbathed topless anyway.

I was managing to hold up my skirt which was running quite high by now with this stripper still rubbing himself up against me and rubbing my breasts (my blouse was now open). I had to stop this so I pretended I needed to go to the toilet, so when he wouldn't let me go I began to wet myself. I can't tell you the feeling, I didn't initially do it for the sexual thrill, just as an excuse to go home, but as I felt my panties getting wet and the pee running down my legs my heart went into overtime. The thought of 600 people watching me wet my panties made me so sexually excited. 

As I was looking round, everything seemed to slow down, I felt so light as I felt the blood rushing to my head, I didn't even realise that I had let go of my skirt and that it had dropped to the floor. I was totally oblivious to what was around me but also totally aware to what I was doing and what was around me, if you know what I mean. As I was wetting myself the stripper removed my panties some how, I think he snapped them off, I not sure because I never found them, and then removed my blouse. When I finished wetting myself I came out of my trance and realised that I was standing on the stage naked, I covered myself up but then the stripper stood infront of me and put his arms around me. It was very stupid of me, but I then put my arms around him to cover myself and stop him running off. The stripper then made us both fall to the floor and rolled ontop of me and began to have simulated sex.

His dick was so hard and he did these exaggerated strokes which made his dick move up and down the crack of my pussy, rubbing my clit. I can't tell you how wet this made me. He never really penetrated me, one or two strokes did make his dick go inside me, but he did pull back out. I know its not good to say (because of my boyfriend) but if he hadn't have pulled out I would not have stopped him because I was just so turned on (you girls understand), I couldn't care that there were 600 people watching me getting fucked.

As he got up someone from the club came onto the stage and gave me a dressing gown that I then put on, I took a bow with the stripper and was taken back stage to put my clothes back on. I came out and told the guys I came with a little white lie and said that the stripper did have sex with me and was inside me, just as a thrill I suppose. I went home early the following morning and haven't told my boyfriend about the two accidents, or spoken to anyone from the holiday. I haven't even told my friend what happened that night. 
