Chapter #03

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 08:52)

I didn't really start wetting for fun, on a regular, sometimes daily, basis, until I was nearly halfway through my 13th year. It took me that long to come to grips with all that early “brain washing”, (for lack of a better term). Most of my naughty games were restricted to bed or bath time. But, on occasion, I'd play my private pee games at other times and in more diverse locations.

Whenever I had occasion to wear a bathing suit, I was sure to find some way to let go in it. At the beach (ocean of river or lake) I always tried to find a way to pee myself before entering the water. That way I could get the full pleasure of feeling it streaming down my thighs and calves. (I tried to keep my legs close together in order to get that experience, as well as to avoid being detected, if near others. One summer we were invited to share in the festivities at a neighbors home. They were celebrating the completion of their very own swimming pool. This is a somewhat rare addition to a home here in the north. Anyway, I was in and out of that pool all weekend and I peed in it every time! The first time I was all alone, standing near the steps in the shallow end. I looked around and saw that only two others were in, at the far end. So I relaxed and let go. It was such a scrumptious feeling!

The tight material of my suit kept the warm flow against me for the most deliciously long time. I just closed my eyes and enjoyed the moment. The flow was extra-long and was making me most randy. Hearing voices approaching brought me out of my revelry. I opened my eyes to see two boys, both were younger than myself, maybe 9 or 10. They had stopped and were staring down at me. One even let his mouth hang open. Finally they both started giggling and then ran off. Somehow they knew what I had been doing. I was sooo embarrassed. I moved for the steps in order to make a quick exit and that is when I saw what had given me away. The water all around me was stained yellow! After that day, whenever I wanted to pee in a pool, I made sure that there were others around me. Their splashing and movement would dissipate the telltale plume. And, if it were noticed, I would not be the only person there to blame it upon.

I also found many occasions to wet my panties in some very public places without being caught. (Tinker, I know you will appreciate this… I've read some of your fine work, and enjoyed it tremendously. You are not the only one to do this, as I am sure you know.) I'll site a couple examples of what fun I had as a girl - and sometimes still do as a woman. This, of course has to do with the fact that little (and big) girls have an advantage over boys that makes it much easier for us to be naughty in public…and get away with it. We can wear skirts!

The first time I remember doing this was at a church carnival. I was still 12, as I recall, but just barely. My parents had allowed me to run off with some school friends while they played bingo. We tried to ride everything and visit every booth, non-stop. The boys seemed to be able to go on and on, and not feel nature's call. The girls, however, had to run to the restroom fairly often. I was a bit of a tomboy at that age and stayed with the guys while the other girls went to “tinkle”. I did pretty well…for a while.

But in time I became quite desperate. It was in the maze of mirrors that I suddenly found that I had reached the outer edge of my capacity. I knew that I had only a matter of a minute of two before I would have to be in the girl's room. But I kept getting turned around every time I thought I'd found the way out. I wanted to drop my drawers and squat down right there! But there were just too many other kids running all over the place. And it felt as if they could all see me! I rounded one more sharp corner to nowhere and it happened! Not a flood, or even a stream. Just a sudden spurt and a spreading warmth at my crotch. 

I clenched up inside for all I was worth and begged for God to show me the way out. Two more corners and, shaking inside and out, another squirt. More warmth and this time a trickle ran down my thigh. I was in total panic. If I let go there the puddle would be huge and unmistakable. Everyone would know…and talk. I would be the brunt of jokes from the whole school! I guess God heard my plea, cause I stumbled out the exit at the moment of my last ability to control it. I ran down the steps and behind the House of Mirrors and into the bushes. I did not even make the slightest effort to pull down my panties and squat. I just spread my legs and burst forth! Even with all the ruckus of the carnival going on around me, I could clearly hear the hiss as I peed through my underwear.

Splashing was added as I formed a mighty puddle. It must have taken close to a full minute to finish. I was sure that I had made a mess of myself and could not face my friends, much less my parents. But upon inspection of my dress and slip I found that only my panties were truly wet. There was a little dampness at the inside ankle of one of my bobbisocks, from a trickle. But that wasn't noticeable. So I airily rejoined my friends, as if nothing had happened. Someone asked me where I'd been. I just said that I'd been to have a pee and left it at that. But, walking around in my wet panties kept reminding me of what I had actually done. I was amazed that I could do that and get away with it. And I was getting increasingly randy. I finally had to excuse myself and run off to the girl's room, where I locked myself into a stall and masturbated.

Other times that I did likewise included: at a family picnic, at a school outing, lots of times while walking home from school, etc. But I will not waste board space relating all those times. 
