Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 04
	Her assignment at the theatres involve her so called friends.
Author: sin138

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

Chapter 4 -- Theatre Assignment

Finally Deepika decides to pick the first bag. If it is as bad as she thinks, then maybe she may be able to skip the movie. Not surprisingly, the bag simply contains a toilet paper roll.

Excited, Hridhya explains that she is to wrap it like a bikini for the film.

"But I can't go like this," Deepika pleads. "People will laugh at me. Forget that, I know I will be arrested!"

"Why should I care?" Hridhya replies. "You are to watch this movie with us like this, and you chose to wear this."

Deepika wanted to protest against this ridiculous outfit. She does not care if she gets kicked out. This is not worth it. Suddenly Deepika thought back on the rules.

"They may laugh at me but they will question why you came to watch a movie with me," she explains smiling. "Am I right to guess that my seat will be with all of you?"

Hridhya eyes widens at what she heard. She cannot be serious.

"It's in the guideline too. The only time I can say no to something, only if it hurts someone else's dignity, respect, or character perception from others. If activity does not touch the above stated, and only my dignity, respect, and character is at risk, I must still participate.People will definitely ask why you and the others are hanging out with me."

Deepika smiles as Hridhya curses under her breath. She is beaming with pride in her ability to memorize that line. The frustrated Hridhya then opens up the second bag, to show what the other option was.

To Deepika's surprise, it contains a pair of blue jeans, a white t-shirt, and a pair of matching black bra and panties. The bra may be seen through the shirt, but it is perfectly fine to wear this to the mall.

"Don't get too optimistic, slut. That means you have another assignment."

"But I picked the first bag," Deepika whines.

"You then bitched out of it," Hridhya explains. "When you are in the theatres, as I mentioned you must convince them to like me, no matter what. The main thing though, is quite simple. Sit in between Rupesh and Abhishek, and make them cum."

"Ok?" Deepika responds. She does not have any problem with this assignment. They both fucked her multiple times last year.

"You will strip completely naked for the film," Hridhya explains, grinning at Deepika's discomfort at those last few words. "Your clothes are to be used to collect their sperm. By the time the movie finishes, they must see you as a slut, but without knowing about your NRI curriculum. If they protest, force yourself on them."

After Deepika dresses up, they leave for the theatre. The shirt is somewhat transparent, in that her bra is visible, and it fits just as well as tight jeans. Her silhouette will probably look naked. However after wearing a piece of cloth for the entire morning, wearing actual clothes feels like a huge plus.

They finally arrive at the entrance where the rest of the gang were present, the girls Madhavi, Abhinaya, Prianka, and Aaisha, and the boys, Abhishek, Rupesh, and Zakir.

"How's Anuj doing?" Hridhya asks.

"Doing fine," Zakir answers back. "Just a few more days before the bandages are removed."

"Yeah Deepika, did you hear that Anuj got gum stuck in his dick?" Rupesh smirks.

Deepika giggles, after realizing how far this has spread.

"Why is Hridhya coming with us?" Prianka coldly asks, remembering that night at the hostel gym.

"Yeah," Aaisha agrees. "This bitch got you in trouble months back, Deepika. How can you come with her?"

"Well," Deepika attempts to explain. "She feels really bad about what she did. We talked it over online and, and it turns out the well... Hridhya was in love with me."

"WHAT?" Everyone exclaims. Hridhya stands motionlessly, while everyone stairs at the red faced girl. Deepika does not know if she is blushing or red with anger. Either way her reaction is making the NRI teen happy.

"She wanted to get my attention, but she felt jealous with how I hung with my roommate, and with you guys," she explained pointing to the boys. "She did not want to get me into trouble. Since she confessed, we have been dating ever since."

Deepika is sporting a wide grin. If Hridhya and Anuj want to fuck with her, she can at least have some fun somehow. All the others cheered for Hridhya and Deepika's bravery for coming out, and promised not tell everyone in class about this wonderful decision.

"Oh why hide it," Deepika playfully asks, as she kisses the confused Hridhya on the cheek. "I think the college should all know about us."

They congratulated the duo, while Zakir tries to process what happened. He thought she was just some dumb bitch. From debilitating Anuj, to embarrassing Hridhya, getting her to spiral downwards may be trickier than thought. Before the two went inside along with the others, Hridhya whispers in Deepika ears.

"You may think what you did was clever, but that means that what you are going to do to Rupesh and Abhishek, will be adultery. Think about that, slut."

Deepika's mood dropped instantly. She went inside, with a large drink purchased by Hridhya, thinking about how the boys will judge her afterwards. They were only able to get five of seats per block. One block is all the way in the front, and the other set is all the way in the back. Hridhya made Deepika offer to sit the guys in the front, as she spent too much time together for lunch. So she sat with them.

A few minutes after the movie starts, she reaches towards both their pants and start feeling them up, much to Rupesh's delight, and Abhishek's shock.

"What are you doing Deepika?" Abhishek asks surprised.

"Why are you questioning this," Rupesh quietly scolds his friend. "But seriously Deepika, can you help me unzip my pants. You know, for easier access."

"But-but-but what about Hridhya," Abhishek stammers.

"If you don't tell her, she doesn't have to know," Deepika winks, while feeling her stomach clench at what she says. "I'll help you unzip, if you help me undress."

The excited Rupesh pulls out her top, and unclasps her bra, exposing her perky breasts, which he missed for months. She in return unzips his pants to pull out his erect penis.

"Rupesh, I need to help Abhishek unzip his pants. Can you do me a favour and remove my bottoms too?"

"No problem," Rupesh replies, trying to hold his composure. He just wants to grab his dick and ejaculate, but he is trying to hold on.

Zakir tries hard not to look the other side. He wants to see what's going on, but he also has been waiting to see the movie. He smiles, noticing Abhishek's apparent discomfort. The only disappointment is that hardly anyone sits in the front two rows, thus no one is able to witness this slut in action.

Despite much protest, Abhishek's cock pops out, and Deepika starts sucking on it. Rupesh struggles to pull off the tight jeans. His grunts annoyed caught the attention of the usher, who starts approaching the only people in the front row. The trio freezes when the light flashes onto them. Not wanting to get into more trouble, Deepika gets up and does a gesture suggesting oral sex. The usher looks around to see if anyone may notice, and then smiles.

He sits next to the confused Rupesh. As soon her bottoms came completely off, the naked teen lies on Rupesh's lap, reaches to the usher and unzips his trousers.

"You two can play with me if you like," she teases. Rupesh immediately starts mauling her breasts. Abhishek on the other hand tries to focus on the movie. Deepika gasps at Rupesh's touch, as she takes the usher's penis and starts licking it. As she suspected, it has only taken a few licks for him to burst. What she did not expect was for him to grab her panties and jizz on it. He wipes the remaining drips with her bra, and drops it onto the sticky floors. As soon as he leaves, she starts concentrating on the two boys.

She gives a hand job to Abhishek, while Rupesh runs his fingers around her nipples. Deepika gasps at the touch. She does not remember her areola region feel this tender before. She does not know what is coming to her. This is not the first she had sex with them, but somehow it feels more intense. She grabs Abhishek's hand to make him feel how wet she is. Abhishek however retracts his hand. Last year he would have taken the Indian American without hesitation, but now he does not feel right with the idea that Deepika is now apparently cheating on Hridhya.

Deepika is sensing this from Abhishek, but she also remembers what Hridhya wanted from her. She sits on Rupesh's lap, and bends over Abhishek, she is about to wrap her lips around his cock, then suddenly the lights turn on. The horny, yet nimble teen quickly drops to the floor, so as to not get noticed by anyone.

"Great, it's intermission," Zakir says out loud. "Gotta take a piss."

"I'm coming with you," Abhishek quickly stutters. Before he could bolt, Zakir grabs his arms.

"There's no hurry Abhishek," he laughs. "We got like 10 minutes."

Deepika hears her smartphone buzz in her pants. She reaches for the sticky jeans, and checks. Hridhya sent a message.

If they didn't cum yet, just stick to hand jobs When they jizz, piss on your seat with your leg's spread over their laps Leave ur underwear on the seat in front of ur cunt XOXO my love

'Why do these people want her to piss herself?' she wonders. What kind of obsession they have for her to soil herself.

"Good to know you still down to fucking!"

"What?" she asks looking up.

"Yeah, I got pissed with Anuj, when he got you caught by the matron. If something like that happened to me, I would've stopped whoring around, but you seem to be ok with this."

Rupesh's rudeness stung. She wants to tell him she still does not want to do it, and that the two people, who got her in trouble, are forcing her to do it. Maybe he might make them stop. However if he asks them about this stuff, they will surely kick her out without her passport or visa. Instead she replies with this.

"Well, Anuj was probably excited to have sex with someone, and he probably went too far," she explains, as her stomach falls to the bottom. "But since I did display myself, how can I not expect him to behave like this."

"That is true," he smirks hearing her say that. "But, do you seriously mean that?"

"Boys will be boys," she replies with some repulsive feeling inside.

"Damn," the shocked student reacts at what he's hearing. "What about Hridhya?"

"It's not cheating if you don't tell her?"

"Fuuck," Rupesh says under his breath, trying hard not to jizz. Soon, Abhishek and Zakir come back. Despite Abhishek's protests, Zakir forces him to sit next to Deepika.

"I won't tell her, but you have to be nice to me," he warns. "I have no reason to not tell her, so you better do what I say."

Deepika winces at his words. They then hear Abhishek and Zakir walking back to their seats.

"Dude," Abhishek hisses. "She keeps toying with my dick. I told you I wanted to go to the bathroom to jack off in peace."

"And I told you, there's no point if some hot bitch is gonna fuck you anyways," Zakir replies. "Don't be a pussy."

With little choice, he sits next to her. Soon the movie starts again, and Deepika grabs her clothes and sits on the seat. She then positions herself so as to have each of her legs on her sex buddies' laps. Using the shirt and the pants, she carefully wraps them around each of their cocks, to not dirty their pants. Abhishek sits motionless.

"What are you gonna do?" Rupesh asks. "I thought you were gonna fuck us."

"Not today," she winks. "It's just a handjob today, but If I pass my supplies. We can do a lot more if you help me out."

Rupesh tries hard not to react, but the ejaculation gives it away. He was the first to cum. His load erupts like a shield volcano, with the white liquid flowing down her hand, and soaking up her shirt. Rupesh's back straightens at the orgasm.

Despite his unwillingness, he finally concedes. Nothing will stop this slut from touching him. He remembers her as being nice person. He never figured her to be a cheating slut. However the fact she did fuck them, blackmail or not, should mean she must treat sex like its nothing. Feeling bad for her getting suddenly does not make sense. In fact, he now feels bad for Anuj for that night. She wants to be used like some whore, yet gets pissed when Anuj treats her like one. 'What a bitch,' he thought. To him, she was just a tease trying to get noticed, but then suddenly acts all innocent the moment she got in trouble. Bitches like her are the reason nice guys like him get in trouble. All the stories about rape, but those girls are probably asking for it, especially the ones who drink. It is man's biology that he must fuck what he likes, but society for some reason thinks it's wrong. However with sluts like Deepika, then maybe he can do whatever he wants, because even girls do not care for sluts. He can leave her in a random field after he forces himself on her, and no one would care. That is what sluts are for.

Somehow his sudden disgust for Deepika, turns to sudden lust. If she is willing to get naked and be used in a public theatre like this, then what else is she willing to do? It will be pointless if she fails, but after she passes, who cares about her studies? She'll still be in class for the next two years, and when final year finishes, he won't be doing his internship here, so no problem. If she wants to be a slut, we'll treat her like one. She is nothing but an NRI Slut.

The last thought got him off the edge. His cum starts shooting in the air, but thanks' to Deepika's jeans, the jizz lands on it without any going on Abhishek.

The time has come. Now that Abhishek finally came, she closes her eyes as she relaxes her urinary sphincter, and just lets it go. All three boys turn as soon as they hear the liquid splash on to the floor. While shocked, they say nothing. They look at Deepika as she soaks the theatre seat with disgust and with a grin. To them, it signifies how shameless this NRI is. It also means the possibilities they have to work out some of their desires. Rupesh and Abhishek look at each other, and nod in agreement at what they are going to do.

After she finishes, she finds that her bra and panties were in the puddle she made. She takes panties and shivers as the wet fabric touches her bare skin. She then picks up her bra and wrings. When she puts it on, she turns to Abhishek for her jeans, but instead of having them on his lap, he and Rupesh toss her remaining clothes behind their seats.

"Why did you guys do that?" She whispers.

"Why did you cheat on Hridhya?" Abhishek taunts. "You really think I can respect someone who sleeps around behind their lover's back?"

"Umm, yeah what he said," Rupesh laughs. He just liked the idea of fucking with an easy naked chick, especially one who seemingly has no problem getting caught. "You better get it before the movie ends.

She crawls on the floor desperately trying to get to the row behind her. Thankfully no one else was there on the first few rows. She reached to the corner of the first row she peeked to make sure no one was around. Everyone else is busy watching the movie. She turns around to go inside the second row. Halfway in, she sees the two men sitting in the back row. She does not want to be near him, but her clothes are somewhere down there. She crawls further inside. As she got closer, she watches them to make sure they are not paying attention to her. The A/c keeps her underwear chilly as she crawls further.

She is at the foot of the first person. All she has to was to somehow not touch their feet and crawl past them. She lifts her first hand and moves it past the first man's feet. Her second hand then goes across the feet. All she has to do is somehow get her legs across. She lifts her left leg up, and brings it towards her hands. Sweat is running down her body. She holds her breath, in fear as she brings her leg in. There's not enough room to rest her knee, forcing her to rest on her stiletto clad feet.

Click!

She gasps, thanking that they have not heard it. She then raises her other leg, but squatting with heels is more difficult than she imagined. She tries to maintain her balance, but the heels are too narrow. She falls on both men's feet, making them scream.

"What the-" one shouts and then he looks down and smiles.

"Hello missy," he greets. "Are you looking for some clothes?"

Deepika is then lifted up from the other man, she sees both have her clothes and are using as to masturbate into it.

"We'll give it to you if you touch yourself until the song ends. This item number is sexy as fuck."

Deepika is stunned. They sound like they are American like her, but they seem to be acting really crude by publicly masturbating. She says nothing and just starts rubbing her labia. Except for the hero dancing around the girl, there was not much for her to see. However the wet panties along with her wet pussy, sent a tingling sensation inside her. She knows it is not normal to be turned on by just an item number, but she keeps on rubbing to ease the itch. The scene has the hero dancing is wearing normal clothes, while the girl is wearing a miniskirt, and a tank top. Deepika is wearing even less then the girl who the boys are supposed to ogle at on screen.

The song ends, and Deepika still has not reached the climax. The men however finished off in her clothes, and threw it away from her. She crawls towards the clothes and finally gets them. She quickly puts on her jeans and pants, and rushes to back to her seat. With her clothes on now, she did not need to crawl this time. Her shirt felt wet and sticky thanks to the jizz. The cold breeze from the A/C accented the fact her shirt became some cum rag.

As soon as the movie ends, they all get up and leave. The lights turn on, showing a visibly stained shirt on Deepika. They all get together with the girls who ask what happened to her shirt. Her silence and the boys' smirks pretty much told the story to the girls, but they said nothing. Hridhya and Deepika head back to the apartment, where she orders the submissive teen to remove everything and tell her what happened. She smiled at hearing that Abhishek tossed her clothes like some used tissue.

"Abhishek of all people?" she asks in bewilderment. "Also it's nice touch in masturbating with those two strangers. Ok now all that's over, there is a reason why you came with us to the movie."

"You mean besides what I did??"

"That's for putting Anuj in the hospital," Hridhya coldly tells the naked teen. "That was not the initial plan. You will have a yearlong project to complete. The seven people, who came with us, are your subjects. Before the exams start, you must make a sex tape with each one. That's seven videos total. With the boys, your face must be visible, along with theirs. With the girls, your face is allowed to be hidden, but their faces should not be. Incompletion of this project leads to disqualification from your exams, which leads to expulsion. Any questions?"

