The worst fidgeting I’ve ever seen
  Entry to: Week 11
By Thomas (1996-08-24)

I saw the worst fidgeting I've ever seen last night, 23 August 1996.

Concentration wasn't involved, but she was evidently past bursting, indeed  I think she ought to have wet herself already by rights! I was in a convenience  store late at night (having been playing Badminton) and saw a 16 or 17 year old  girl in the queue in front of me behaving most strangely - I soon deduced that  she was fidgeting.  

The girl was wearing an ankle-length grey skirt, with a blue denim-like shirt,  and had chestnutty-brown hair.  She was standing very tight-legged, holding her upper-thighs close together.  Every few seconds, she would bend at the hips  left or right, or even forward over the counter, lunging as though her life  depended on it.  I suppose it may have done in her eyes, since she was with  another blonde girl who had rushed from choosing a snack to the counter, dumped  the food down and left the subject to pay - I think the blonde was just as  desperate and couldn't contemplate the thought of standing still to pay.  The  first one laughed as the blonde rushed off, which reinforced my opinion.  As I  left the store quickly, they walked away laughing with two boys, but I still  believe they were bursting - I have never seen such blatant fidgeting.  And it  was a new type of fidgeting for me, too - I honestly thought she was dancing  for a moment!

I had been stopped by a Policeman on my way to the store, who was stopping all traffic making enquiries about an armed robbery (yes, seriously, in quiet Devon) - if it weren't for that Policeman, I wouldn't have still been in the shop when  she walked in... there are some real opportunities in life which never present  themselves, I'm sure.   
