The Origins of Infinite Capacity-9

Author: Splashfics

9. Welcome Committee

Though she slept dreamlessly for the rest of the night, Chandra awoke with the memory of her fantastic vision still burning vividly. Presently however, she had to focus on getting up. It was the last week of term before her soon-to-be classmates at Des Pretres college broke up for their three week Christmas holiday. Despite this, she was required to go in to register for January and collect some preparatory work, so with difficulty, she put her thoughts away and after a chilly shower, joined Carmela downstairs for breakfast.

‘Did you sleep well, Sweetie?’

Chandra thought she noticed a knowing smile on her aunt’s face, but ignored it as she helped herself to some toast.

‘Um, fine, thanks,’ she mumbled, trying her best to avoid her eyes, in case the woman could see through hers and directly into her brain.

‘Brilliant. Now, I hope you'll forgive me. I have an early meeting this morning, so I can't walk you to college - I'm sure you're devastated! But I've had a word with Lin next-door and asked her girl to come and knock for you before she leaves.’

Chandra didn't know how to respond. She had little interest in making any more friends after the last disastrous set and was apprehensive about this sudden new acquaintance.

‘No need to thank me, Sweetie!’ Carmela chuckled, before twirling into her trench coat and grabbing her keys on her way out.

‘There's a key for you on the table in the hall and I won't be back until about six-ish, okay?’

With that she said goodbye and left. Chandra's stomach was doing back flips thinking about the neighbour girl.

‘Obviously she'll have been forced to do this. She's going to hate me before we even meet..!'

For a moment she contemplated ignoring the doorbell when it rang not a minute later, but quickly changed her mind when she realised Carmela, who she suspected might be telepathic, would certainly find out if she did. So she got up from the kitchen table and trudged to the front door.

‘Hii!! Are you Chandra?’

It wasn't the greeting she was expecting at all. Chandra had opened the door to find a most disarmingly friendly face beaming back at her on the door step. After a moment of paralysis, she realised that the face indeed was talking to her.

‘Oh. Yes! Ha ha... Yours truly!' Chandra replied, a little off balance.

‘I'm from next door. Nice to meet you!'

The girl held out her hand and gave Chandra’s a good squeeze, casting any aspersions Chandra had, well and truly into the breeze.

‘Are you ready to go?’ she asked brightly.

Of course Chandra wasn't though, so she invited her inside for a moment so that she could collect her things.

‘Sorry to be a pain!' she apologised.

‘Oh not a problem. I've wanted to see inside this house since we moved in! Is your aunty like, an actress? She always looks amazing so I’ve always been a bit curious?

Chandra wasn’t entirely sure what Carmela did, but she wouldn’t have been surprised.

‘To be honest I don’t have a clue..?

And she suddenly felt a shade guilty for not taking more of an interest, then realised she hadn’t even asked her neighbour what her name was.

‘Oh gosh, I’m so terrible...’

‘No, don’t worry! My name is Jade Wen.’

And she smiled warmly.

‘Nice to meet you, Jade Wen,’ Chandra replied.

‘Ah, just call me Jade. Don’t know why I gave my full name! Ha ha, who does that?’

‘Yeah!’ Chandra laughed, liking the cut of this girl’s jib. ‘Err, give me one sec, okay, Jade?’

Mildly impressed by her aunt's reputation, Chandra left Jade to wait in the hallway while she ran upstairs to throw on a jacket and grab her satchel. Her breakfast things were still on the table, but she'd be back before Carmela came home, so would clear them away later.

Once she was ready, she let Jade know they could set off and after locking the front door, they walked the short distance to college.

Despite her slightly off-beat vibe, Jade seemed to emit enthusiasm like a walking sun lamp. Without making a single attempt to ask her anything, Chandra had already discovered lots about her neighbour within the first minute of their journey - most interestingly that her father travelled a lot for work, so she had attended a different college the previous year and was relatively new herself.

‘Perhaps that's why she's so friendly..!'

‘So anyway!' Jade finally concluded. ‘Why'd you transfer?’

Chandra knew this question was coming and didn't particularly want to go into too much detail.

‘I, er... was expelled.’

Jade stopped and stared, her mouth wide open. ‘Really?’

She suddenly had the air of a person who'd found herself in the presence of a famous criminal.

‘What did you do?’

Jade bit her bottom lip in anticipation of her answer and Chandra thought it funny that she could say anything right now and Jade would have no reason not to believe it. Although, if she told the absolute truth, she might have some difficulty.

‘Just... Something really stupid.’

Jade seemed disappointed by Chandra's answer, but intrigued nonetheless.

