The Iron-Bladdered Family - Part 2

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Ever since I had defeated every huge bladder in my family, they had been training day and night out of embarrassment to increase their capacities. None of them wanted to show that weakness in front of me ever again. It seemed like days would go by without any of them ever using the toilet. I was in awe, but I was determined to follow up my momentous feat by breaking all of their bladders once again!

During summer my parents took off from work for vacation. My dad and brother went up to New York for a few days to see a Yankees game, so it was just me in the house with my mom, sister, and cousin Christine, who was visiting for a while. My mom decided there was no use wasting our vacation sitting around in the house, so she decided to take us up to a cabin we could rent, that happened to be in the woods a few hours away. Seeing that it was just me with all the girls, my mom took pity and decided that I could invite one friend along with me. She assumed I’d pick one of my best guy friends, but I had other ideas.

I’d met Jade a few weeks prior in school. She was a slender but extremely fit and well-built African-American girl. She even had a six-pack! I also noticed that Jade never went to the bathroom in school. I asked her about it, and she told me “I just never need to go.” Intrigued, I said that I was sure even she needed to pee sometime. “Clearly you don’t know how good I am at holding it,” she said, smiling at me, “It’s like I’m hollow down there. My bladder’s enormous, it’s like I can always hold in more…but…that’s probably too much info, right?” Jade blushed a little as she finished, and I told her it certainly wasn’t too much information for me. We kept talking a little, and I ended up discovering that she had a holding fetish! Since then Jade and I had become good friends, discussing all things related to bladder capacities and omorashi and the like. So when I got the offer to bring someone along for what was sure to be some bladder-busting fun, I knew who I had to choose.

“I’m gonna bring my friend Jade then,” I told my mom. “Alright, just make sure she’s not afraid of using an outhouse or going to the bathroom outdoors, because we don’t have proper facilities at the cabin,” my mom told me. I smirked. “Oh, that won’t be a problem. I don’t think Jade’s gonna have to pee. In fact, I’ll bet that she can hold it even longer than you three.” I said, gesturing to all of them. They all bristled at the blatant challenge I had set out. Christine and my sister started to yell taunts and jeers at me, but my mother cut them off with a wave of her hands.

“Alright, obviously we’ll accept that challenge. As you know, all three of us have been working on our bathroom discipline ever since your little series of…tests…and I have no doubt we’re up to the task of outwaiting this friend of yours. Tell her to pee at midnight tonight. We all will, and we’ll leave tomorrow. Understood?” she addressed me sternly. I nodded enthusiastically and went up to my room to call Jade and tell her the good news.

“But I don’t even have to goooooo!” Jade cried in exasperation. I was on the phone with her, it was closing in on midnight, and I had yet to convince her to take a piss to make it fair. “They’ve been training since I humiliated them, and they can all last for days! You’ve got to take a pee!” I told her firmly. “Ughhh…but it’s only been 30 hours,” came the reply. I tried to keep my breath steady and my rapidly rising erection on hold as I told her again that she had to pee at midnight.

“Fine! But they better be good at holding, I don’t want to just pee for nothing you know!” Jade said, frustrated. She went to the bathroom, still on the phone, and I heard a two and a half minute gusher of a piss take place. She finished, and then told me, “See? I told you I didn’t have to go.” I laughed for a little until I realized that Jade was totally serious. My erection became hard as steel as I hung up the phone and willed myself not to masturbate until after the trip. It would be so much sweeter then, I knew.

The next morning at 7 I awoke, got dressed, and met my mom, sister, and cousin downstairs, ready to leave. In my haste to hear Jade pee last night, I had neglected to listen to them all peeing, but my mom assured me that they had all taken quite relieving pisses directly at midnight. I asked about breakfast, but my mom told me we’d get something during the drive. We piled into our van, my mom driving, and drove to Jade’s house, ten minutes away. She greeted us all with a friendly hello, oblivious to the fake kindness emanating from all of my family, and we were off to find a place to eat. We stopped at a Denny’s and ordered our breakfasts. All of my family only ordered a glass of juice each with their meal, but Jade ordered a coffee in addition to her juice. My mom then called back the waitress and informed her that she would also like a coffee. I looked at Jade with a bit of concern, but she just told me she was thirsty.

We finished breakfast and headed on the road at 8:30 am. It was a four hour car ride to the cabin, and of course we made no bathroom stops, so we arrived precisely at 12:30 pm. My mom went ahead and unlocked the cabin door, then went back to the van to help unload our bags. To my surprise, underneath all our bags I found gallons upon gallons of spring water. When I asked my mom about it, she said that we’d need that to drink since there wasn’t running water at the cabin. Jade took a gallon jug playfully after my family had went into the cabin and put it up to her abdomen, asking if I thought her bladder could accommodate it. We laughed about it, but I had no doubt that she could.

Lunch came at 1 pm, and we found a diner nearby the cabin to eat at. More juice was consumed by all, and everyone had large iced teas with dinner at 7 pm. My mom and Jade even had a bottle of water, about half of liter, each in between the two meals. I had used our outhouse a few times during the afternoon and evening, but none of the girls made a move towards it. They were all calm, despite holding in the entire day’s pee in their huge bladders. My mom had brought a lot of beer along as well, and she allowed us all to drink with her before bed. I drank two beers, one liter total, before I had to excuse myself and pee once again, but Jade, Christine, my sister, and my mom remained where they were while drinking down three beers total, or a liter and a half.

I was very impressed, as I knew how badly beer made normal people have to pee. Their bladders were more than up to the task of handling a few beers on top of a day’s worth of pee, however, and we retired to bed without a sign of urgency from anyone. I was sharing a room with Jade, who had no qualms with being naked in front of me or sleeping in the same bed together, and I asked her if she needed to pee yet. After all, it had been about 22 hours at this point. “Are you serious? I feel fine, don’t worry about me. I would talk to you in school with more than this in me on a regular basis.” Jade said confidently. She undressed and we slept together in the nude, my penis wedged against her firm ass.

We awoke the next morning at 8, 32 hours into each lady’s hold. Jade’s bladder was bulging from last night’s beer, but she affirmed to me that she still had nothing more than the slightest of urges, and she let me poke and prod her bladder as much as I wanted without so much as flinching. As we went downstairs for breakfast, my sister passed us and muttered, “Don’t think you’re going to break the Iron Bladder again. My sphincter’s a rock, nothing’s getting through.” Jade only smiled back at her, flaunting her abs and bladder bulge in a short T-shirt that exposed her midsection. And her tiny booty shorts were distracting me something fierce! Miss Iron Bladder, in her shirt and spandex pants, went downstairs ahead of us, and we found my mother, dressed conservatively in a button down shirt and slacks, as well as my cousin, dressed in a cut-off T-shirt to show off her admittedly-impressive arms and small jeans shorts.

My mom made an offhanded remark about how nice everyone looked while pouring juice for us all, and we soon discovered that no one had brought more clothes than this for the trip, as my family apparently didn’t think Jade would last through today, and Jade hadn’t thought my family would either. I smiled at how this contest was going to go. Things sure were heating up! After breakfast Jade politely asked for another glass of juice, and my mom poured her one, eyeing her warily the entire time, and then poured one for herself as well. My sister and cousin declined, but my mom seemed determined to keep pace with Jade no matter what.

Lunch came with more water for everyone, and then my mom suggested we go down to the lake to swim. Everyone changed into their bathing suits, which we had all remembered thankfully, and went down to the lake around 2 pm. My mom made sure to bring bottles of water to combat the heat. We got to the lake, and I couldn’t help but notice everyone’s 38 hour bladder bulges sexily showing through their swimsuits. Jade was in a sexy purple bikini, my sister had on a skimpy yellow bikini that she was nearly falling out of, Christine had on a blue top and boy’s swim trunks, and my mom had on a conservative red one-piece. They all still showed absolutely no signs of needing to pee, which shocked me, as they had 38 hour bladders and were swimming in the water! We kept at it until the women were containing 40 hour bladders, then toweled off and returned to the cabin.

We all hung around, keeping busy, me marveling at the wonderfully full bladders around me, and went to dinner at 7. My mom and Jade of course ordered extra drinks again, and when we returned an hour later I couldn’t believe that everyone was acting comfortably with 44 hours since their last relief! All the bulges were showing through their clothes, and they were acting as if nothing was the matter. I was in heaven, trying desperately to hold back from cumming in my pants until the trip had completed. My family really had been training!

At 10 pm, 46 hours into the hold, my mom again let us have some beer. All the ladies drank three beers once again, adding astronomically to the load contained in their bladders, and I noticed that my sister, Miss Iron Bladder herself, was fidgeting! She was the first one to show any signs of needing to pee since we arrived the day before. We stayed up til midnight, and her fidgeting grew much more pronounced, but we all went to bed without incident. Feeling Jade’s bladder as we drifted off to sleep, 48 hours full, was driving me wild. “You sure you’re gonna be able to win this?” I had asked her before we laid down. “Of course, I’m still fine, really. My bladder’s really really big. It’s not even complaining yet.” She replied, stunning me.

In my sister and Christine’s room, the scene was a little different. Miss Iron Bladder was pacing back and forth, desperately trying to calm down her aching bladder. “It’s not fair! I’m the Iron Bladder! I’m not supposed to have to pee! Arghhh, I can’t let that little brat best me again!” she shouted at Christine, who was on the bed. Christine said nothing. She was wishing my sister would just lay down and try to sleep. All this desperation talk was making her own bladder start to throb with need, and that was the last thing she needed. ‘She’s such a girly girl…’ Christine thought, ‘and only girly girls pee. Tomboys can hold it!’ And with that, she vowed to remain dry.

In my mom’s room, she simply undressed to her nightwear, rubbed her abdomen a little, and went to sleep, 48 hours of piss and a manageable urge locked inside her massive bladder.

I awoke the next morning to the sounds of my sister swearing vehemently. Jade and I got up and went downstairs, where Miss Iron Bladder was dancing around in pure desperation. I quickly checked a clock, hesitant to miss any of this amazing show, and saw that it was 7 am, meaning my sister’s bladder, and everyone else’s for that matter, was containing 55 hours of steaming, built-up pee. But my sister’s iron bladder was finally having extreme trouble in containing it further. She stamped around the house, cursing constantly, hands jammed in her crotch, squirming wildly. She would pee dance, then squirm on the couch, then go to the dining room and squirm on a chair, and repeat some variation of the process. Her iron bladder was the first to start rejecting the mammoth load of piss it was being forced to contain.

I noticed my cousin watching my sister’s plight, and she seemed rigid with desperation herself. My mother only looked on disapprovingly as my sister’s bladder failed her. Through sheer willpower my sister managed to last another hour, but finally the pressure overcame her will to hold it in. She screamed a final “Fuck!”, tore down her spandex leggings as fast as she could, and squatted, propped up against the front of the couch. A torrent of piss arced into the air from her upturned pussy, shooting five feet to the wall in front of her. Christine fidgeted and gritted her teeth as the stream continued, but my mom and Jade stood and watched calmly as my sister ended up taking fourth place in our piss holding contest. The stream continued for 3 minutes, and finally it dribbled to a close, though my sister remained squatting for far longer, trying to regain her breath and her composure.

More drinks came with breakfast and lunch, and I was delighted to see Christine growing more desperate every hour. It was such a treat to see my normally super-tough tomboy cousin fighting to control her body. But she hung tough, bearing down on her sphincter to hold in her fluids. Dinnertime came at 7 pm, and my mom decided to go out and bring something back for us, because there was no way my cousin could manage through a public outing with how her 67 hour bladder was revolting against her control. Christine could barely even eat, because she had both hands jammed in her crotch at all times, pressing the denim of her jeans shorts into her pussy for all she was worth. “Tomboys are all show,” Jade whispered to me as we ate, and I could see her plump and bulging bladder straining against her skin, and yet still she acted as if she had no need at all.

Her legs weren’t even close together. Christine continued to hang on by a thread after dinner, but it was clear she was about to burst. Even my sister was telling her to just give up already. But Christine bit her lip and held on, urging the tides of pee to stay in her clamped and cramping bladder. My mom brought out the beer for a third night, and Christine weakly outstretched her arm to receive one. She was quivering and shaking as she tried gamely to drink down her beer like a tough girl. Christine was moaning now from bladder agony. The effort of holding on was simply too much to bear any longer. Christine uttered a girly squeal, completely unlike her, and began to wet her jeans shorts, hands still pressed firmly to the fabric. She slumped back into her chair, defeated by 70 hours of building pee pressure. The stream continued on for 4 minutes, music to my ears, and again I had to fight to avoid ejaculating in my pants.

Jade and my mom had 3 beers once again, and then my mom threw down the gauntlet. “A fourth?” she asked. “Of course.” Jade answered, smiling. Both women had to know they were playing Russian Roulette with their enormous bladders, but they didn’t care. It was all a matter of pride now. They both seemed to be sitting a bit more rigidly as they chugged down the beer. That made for 2 liters of beer each for the night. “I think I’ll bring one to bed with me as well,” my mother said, picking up her fifth beer and leaving for her room. Jade obviously did the same.

“Your mom’s a good holder, I can’t wait to see her get desperate!” Jade said once we were back in our room. “You still think you can take her?” I asked nervously, motioning to her bulbous and protruding bladder. “Course I can! I’d never dream of losing a holding contest with this bladder and sphincter of steel.” She replied, before drinking down the fifth beer. I came up and squeezed her bladder, just as I had the previous two nights. “Mmmmm, I’m aching now.” Jade said. It was the first time she’d admitted the possibility of needing to pee since we’d left. I kept squeezing just to see if she’d make me stop, but she simply accepted the additional pressure, bit her lip, and made no move to stop me. And thus we snuggled down to bed once again.

On the other side of the cabin, my mom was standing in her room, thighs pressed together, refusing the urge to clutch herself with her hands. ‘My iron control is perfect. I will not give in to this high school girl.’ She thought. She clenched her strong sphincter once more, pushed all thoughts of peeing from her mind, laid down gingerly, and slowly drifted off to sleep.

Jade and I awoke together on the fourth day of our vacation. Jade rubbed sleepily at her eyes with one hand and rubbed her crotch with the other. “God I could go for a good piss right now,” she said, rubbing her melon-sized bladder. I felt it, and it was totally rock-hard, just a protrusion in her otherwise-flat abdomen, filled with pee. Checking the time, I discovered that it was filled with 80 hours of long-held liquid, to be exact. “You’re not gonna lose it now, are you?” I asked, fearing the worst. Jade looked at me and smiled. “Relax, I just need to pee pretty bad, it’s no big deal. I’m not letting it out any time soon.” She told me.

We went down for breakfast and saw my mom at the table, tapping her foot as she ate. It was clear that her bladder was starting to approach its limits as well. Jade eased herself carefully into her chair and began to eat as well. My mom seemed flustered and distracted as the day wore on, no doubt her bladder was giving her all she could handle. By lunchtime at noon, 84 hours into both women’s holds, my mom was squirming in her chair. Not much, but noticeably. Jade was breathing heavily and rubbing her swollen abdomen. The stamina of both women was amazing to me. Christine and my sister were in shock as well at how well both women were keeping their bladders under control.

Neither wanted to go out for the day, for obvious reasons, so they stayed on the couch and watched TV. Neither would get up to do something else, and it appeared to be an unsaid contest to sit and watch as calmly as possible. 86 hours in and my mom couldn’t help but fidget wildly in her seat. 88 hours in and she was crossing her legs and bouncing them to keep her flood at bay. Jade also started moving her legs up and down at that point to keep herself under control. Both women’s bladders were trying to unload their massive holdings, and yet neither would give in and use their hands to help them hold it back. My mother began to bounce obscenely by the 89th hour, clutching at the sides of her pants but still not holding herself. She looked ready to burst at literally any moment. She was huffing and puffing, sweat streaming down her face with the effort she was exerting. Jade seemed better off, but her bladder was so big and round I thought it was ready to pop!

“Get me a water!” Jade called to me.

Immediately my mother desperately cried for one as well, even though she was still bouncing up and down in desperation. I brought them their waters, and they looked at each other as they competitively chugged them down. Each woman was now moaning at the strain of containing her long-held liquids. My mother was quivering and shaking for all she was worth, and still she refused to use her hands! This unsaid contest of pride could only end with one woman losing their battle with their bladder. They simply couldn’t keep this up any longer.

And at the 90th hour of the hold, my mother shaking, Jade squirming, as it appeared as though one of them was only seconds away from bursting with pee, my sister and cousin saved them from themselves, calling them into the dining room for dinner, which they’d ordered when it became obvious my mother wouldn’t be making anything. My mother was up like a shot, finally grasping herself as she made her way quickly to the dining room. Jade remained sitting for a bit longer, trying to remain in control of her giant bladder, and I helped her to her feet and walked with her into the dining room. She was hunched over from the weight of her bladder.

Dinner seemed to calm both women down. They regained whatever scant amounts of control and sphincter strength they had left, and both were holding confidently once again. After dinner my mom began to busy herself with cleaning up the cabin. She was moving quickly and fidgeting a lot, and it was clear she was on her last legs of holding power. She was making little “ooohs” and “aaahs” as she worked too. My cousin even asked her if she wanted to go home tonight, so that she could avoid wetting herself. My mom, her legs moving furiously up and down, rejected the offer and shot an angry glance at Jade. Jade had returned to the couch after dinner, and she was laying splayed out, trying to give her bladder room to expand further. Every so often she would have to hunch over or scrunch up as another wave of urgency hit her, but it seemed the fullness and pain of her bladder was giving her more trouble than her sphincter.

It looked like she had a basketball in her abdomen, so I couldn’t blame her for being in pain. Both women survived til the evening, though clearly they were getting more and more desperate. They were both grabbing their pussies in full view of the other now, not caring, only wanting to hold. At 10 pm, 94 hours without peeing for both women, my mom once again brought out the beers. She and Jade, prideful to the end, struggled through three beers each, regardless of the extra pressure it was putting on their tired, aching sphincter muscles. It took them an hour to finish the beers, and for another hour they both just stared at each other, squirming desperately in their seats.

My mother’s squirming was much more animated, but Jade was bending over, grabbing her crotch, and saying “Shit!” under her breath from time to time. Finally, at midnight, 96 hours without a pee for either woman, my mom appeared once again to be seconds from breaking. She got up shakily, I was sure to concede defeat and rush to the outhouse to piss, but then my mother simply said she was going to bed and would see us in the morning. And she walked stiffly to her room.

I helped Jade to our room. Her bladder looked positively massive. The quantity of piss held in it was completely extreme, and the pressure must have been otherworldly. I touched her bladder just a little, and that managed to produce a yell from Jade and a short pee dance. We laid down to sleep, and she muttered “Don’t worry, I can still hold it. I’ll win this.” I couldn’t believe her confidence with her bladder in such a state. The situation was so erotic to me that it took ages to fall asleep, and Jade was somehow able to fall asleep despite the amazing pressure in her bladder before me.

My mother, on the other hand, did not sleep a wink. She pee danced in her room all night, willing herself to keep the flood inside of her. She had to prove she was the most disciplined. She had to! My mom kept it up all night, but by morning the waves of urgency were becoming more than even she could bear! She double-crossed her legs and still felt at the edge of losing it. There was only one thing to do.

I was shaken awake by my mother. “Get up! Get up! We’re going home right now!” she said frantically. I checked the time. It was 6 in the morning, meaning she had resisted the toilet for 102 hours now. I quickly got up and threw my things in a bag. Then I remembered Jade! I looked over at the bed and saw that she was awake now, lying on her back, hands at her sides, and somehow she was still dry! She looked six months pregnant with the size her bladder had swollen to during the night.

“Ahhhhh” Jade was moaning. The pressure was starting to overwhelm her. “Come on, we have to go!” I said, trying to lift her from the bed. “It’s ok…it’s ok…I can hold it. I’ll hold it.” she groaned, not really listening to me. Her eyes were vacant. Jade’s mind had become clouded from her intense need to urinate. Slowly I walked her to the car, where my mother was frantically pee dancing and hurrying us along. My sister and cousin were already sleepily sitting in the car, and when we reached it my mom jumped in and started back home eagerly.

I don’t know how my mom was managing to drive. She was clearly at her wit’s end. The desperation was overtaking her mind as well, as she refused to stop at a rest stop, trying with everything in her power to resist peeing until she could use her own toilet. My mother’s legs were going up and down like crazy, and she was dying having to keep a hand on the wheel to drive. Still she drove on. Jade, for her part, was sucking wind, her face deepening in color as she poured more and more power into her sphincter muscles to just stay tight. Then, disaster struck. A traffic jam. Gridlock. A standstill. My mother wailed as she slowed the car to a stop. She jammed her hands in her crotch and tried to summon every last bit of iron bladder control she had to outlast this one, final obstacle standing between her and precious relief.

The traffic jam would not be cleared quickly. Noon came and went without clearance. 1 pm passed, then 2 pm. I don’t know how my mother fought her bladder those last few hours. She was sweating madly, her hair and blouse wet with it. She’d pee danced in her seat the entire time, bladder expanded to the point that it was nearly touching the steering wheel. She shouted, she screamed, she cursed. The pressure was too much for her. My mother couldn’t take it anymore, no matter how much she tried. Her sphincter, that iron sphincter on which she prided herself, it was too tired. It refused to clench further, and her gigantic bladder began rumbling and pushing to get its long overdue load out.

She knew seconds separated her from a wetting disaster, and finally, as 3 pm rolled around, my mother accepted defeat, opened her door, pulled down her pants and squatted in one lightning-fast motion. 111 hours of pent-up piss exploded out of my mother’s pussy with a force that made it spray up off the asphalt nearly a foot into the air. The pee simply blasted out of her, an amazing splatter that made me think momentarily that she was trying to turn herself into a piss-propelled rocket. It was an amazing sight, and my mother howled with relief as onlookers began to gather and watch the highly-pressurized show. For 6 minutes my mom’s stream hissed out of her, a thick ropey jet of pee like no other. She pushed it out so forcefully that it did not trickle at the end, it just stopped. For the first time in days, my mother was empty.

It was down to Jade now. She had won the contest! Aching, massive, stretched bladder and all, she had done it! But she refused to piss outside like my mother. Jade kept holding it, against all the odds. She was a shaking, sweating mess, but her bladder held firm. Jade held with the last of her power and kept her flood behind her struggling, overworked sphincter muscle. By 5 pm the traffic had cleared, and we dropped Jade off at 7 pm, 115 hours without a toilet, and surely she could stand no more. She rushed into her house as quickly as she could manage, and then my mom drove the rest of us back to our house. I was proud of Jade for surviving the entire trip with no bathroom break, but at the same time, I was saddened that I wouldn’t get to see its final conclusion.

As I entered my room, a mix of emotions swirling in my head, I got a text. It was from Jade. “Cccome meet meee att the mmmaallll” it read, the spelling distorted oddly. I thought nothing of it and took the car to meet her, wondering what was going on. I made it there and found her sitting in the food court. She was as overcome with desperation as my mom had been in the car, perhaps more so, and yet she continued to try and sip at the large Pepsi she had gotten. “Wow, you really do love desperation.” I said wistfully.

She cracked a smile despite her predicament, and motioned for me to sit with her. Thighs and abs flexing, sweat dripping down her body, legs scissoring madly, she held it still and attempted to have a conversation with me. Her willpower was unreal, and once again I was on the brink of an orgasm watching her try to maintain her composure against all the odds and against the ultimate will of nature and her bladder. Jade was a sight like no other, covered in sweat, bladder bulging, and yet still holding in the oceans of pee she had stored up inside.

Finally, at 8 pm, 116 hours into her mammoth hold, her will broke. “I’ve been…clenching my…sphincter for…hours now…with no rest…and I…just….can’t…take it…anymore! Come with me!” Jade got up and I followed her, and she led me to the women’s bathrooms, where she bade me to come in with her. Nervously, I followed my bursting friend. Luckily no one was at the sinks, so I was unseen, and I went into one of the middle stalls with her. Jade threw herself onto the toilet seat, shorts and panties already yanked down. I waited for the waterfall of piss, but still it did not come! Positively vibrating with desperation, and not using her hands to hold, Jade instead motioned for me to also take down my pants. I did so willingly, and without a word she took my rock-hard dick in her mouth!

She sucked me to the edge for a few minutes, and then, just as she began to release her monstrous pee, she deepthroated me. I gushed cum into her mouth as she gushed piss into the toilet bowl. I came so hard that it took me a minute to regain my senses, and when I did she was still pissing away, hard as ever, perhaps even harder. The pee cascaded out of her, a sea of yellow finally exiting her body. I listened closely, and as her pee continued, I began to hear the voices of women, in total disbelief, commenting on how long Jade was pissing for. Five women, some with moderately long pees by average standards, came into each stall adjacent to us, and Jade outpissed them all. Seven minutes of hard, gushing pee came out of Jade, many liters in total, and when it was over Jade stayed on the toilet seat out of exhaustion. Her hold was finally complete, and I knew now that my mother did not have the largest bladder of them all.

