Anna & Jo wet themelves

Author: Jo (1999-05-21 at 05:49) #35058

My name is Jo, I am 19 years old, and live in England. This story includes my best friend Anna, who is a little older than me and very sexy.

This particular evening we were going drinking and dancing. Anna was wearing tight black hip-hugging trousers (the sort that show the top of your knickers — she was wearing black ones — and showing lots of bare flesh), and I was wearing a very short black miniskirt with a side slit, and with sheer flesh-coloured tights over my lacy white knickers. During the evening I had some admiring glances, which needless to say I rather liked! By the way, how do you get on and off a high stool in a miniskirt without showing the world your underwear? Maybe I did have to give the guys something to look at!

After several drinks I was dying for the loo, and Anna and I went together. They were disgustingly filthy, so we both decided to wait till later, maybe that wasn’t such a good decision — or perhaps it was after all? Judge for yourself!

Anna started to dance with this guy who she knew quite well. I noticed him fondling her bum as they danced closely. I watched with some jealousy, I have to admit! As I looked I saw what seemed to be an amazing thing. At first I wasn’t sure, but later, as I looked closely, I could see a growing wet patch around Anna’s crotch and bum, and spreading slowly down the insides of her legs. The more I looked, the more I was in no doubt. My best friend was definitely wetting herself, and as she danced too! She whispered to her dance partner, who fondled her bum and surrounding area even more. Obviously she was telling him what she was doing — he seemed to enjoy every moment, judging by the bulge in his tight black jeans!

Later on Anna admitted to me what she had done. She told me it wasn’t planned (I’m not sure that I believed her!), but that it was incredibly erotic, peeing and dancing at the same time! She told me to try it sometime - we’ll have to see!

That isn’t the end of the story though. After Anna had said goodbye to her friend (lucky chap you might think), we walked home together. Neither of us had been to the loo all evening, although Anna had done some in her trousers earlier — see above! Anna told me that she was “absolutely bursting” and that there was no way she was going to last out till she got home. Although I’d not said anything about it, I knew my need was equally desperate - I could feel the mounting pressure inside.

As I walked, my snug-fitting miniskirt kept riding up, I looked down at my long legs — not bad I thought, but my mind was really on other things — I needed a wee — BADLY!

“Anna, I’m so desperate I’m nearly wetting myself,” I exclaimed.

“That makes two of us then! Jo — just do it in your knickers!” was Anna’s rather curt reply.

We began to talk and giggle (that was fatal) about the evening, and all sorts of other things as well. But all I could think about was doing a wee — a big one at that!

As we walked, we both kept holding ourselves between the legs— it did help, but it must have been quite a sight — two young attractive girls, both sexily dressed, giggling, quite tipsy, and holding themselves frequently. There were still a few folk around, and we did get hoots from passing cars!

The only question was — which of us was going to do it first! It was very evident that neither of us was going to make it home in this state.

In the end it was me who lost it first — closely followed by Anna!

As we were giggling again, I felt a hot spurt in my knickers, then another longer one.

“Oh Anna, I’m starting to do it —I’M DOING IT” I announced. Another long spurt followed, trickling down my long legs as I looked down.

“You’re not the only one … I’m pissing myself too”

I turned to Anna, to see a fresh dampness spread rapidly this time down the insides of both her legs, to make a puddle at her feet. Within seconds Anna was indeed pissing for all she was worth! I had seen Anna wet herself more than once before, but never as much as this. The puddle ran off the pavement into the gutter — and another hoot from a passing motorist! She was soaked all round her bum and front, all down both legs to her ankles — what a sight!

Mine was much slower, but there was no way I could ever have stopped it. The warm wee kept running down both legs, it felt wonderful! The relief was beyond words.

After a short silence, Anna (who sometimes has a capacity for stating the obvious) stated “I really wanted to go”

“Anna — I’m still doing it — I can’t stop” was my reply. I did eventually stop — we had drunk rather a lot — but moments later, found myself doing some more.

Leaving two huge puddles behind us on the pavement, we began to continue our walk home, talking and giggling about whathad happened. Somehow it didn’t matter any more, so we both did every last drop in our pants, relieving ourselves completely, before we eventually reached our homes.

We reached Anna’s home first, and Anna’s step-dad was still up. I got the impression he was rather turned on by what had happened, for there was no way of concealing it!

That night when I went to bed I had the most fantastic series of orgasms reliving the experience.

Hope you like the story!

