Karen
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Accidental Wetting, Deliberate Wetting, and Exhibitionism.
By: Roger Ireland (2005-04-04)

Karen came into the office that morning with her knickers wet. The tube hade been delayed for nearly forty-five minutes and she just couldn't wait any longer. Before the train had even started moving again, she had begun to dribble into her grey, cotton, Calvin Klein knickers. As the journey had progressed, she had been helpless to stop it and she had continued to trickle a little at a time. She knew that when she took her coat off there would be a wet patch on her skirt. She was wearing a denim, mid-thigh, mini-skirt so it would be quite clear to anyone who saw her that she had wet herself. She didn't mind so much the feeling of sitting with a wet bum; it was more the humiliation of the new junior, Steph, finding out that she had wet her knicks on the way to work. Karen couldn't think of how to prevent her from seeing what she had done.

Fortunately it was quite a cold morning and, as the office was never warm first thing in the morning, Karen thought it would not be remarkable if she kept her coat on for a while. She decided that that would be the best for a time and sat at her desk still wearing her long, black overcoat.

When Hugo, her boss, came in he smiled at her as usual and said, "feeling the chill today are we Karen?" She smiled back and said, "Yes, this office is always cold in the mornings. I've told you before about getting central heating in here for us poor girls!" This sort of banter was quite usual between them as Karen had worked for him for three years and she was now the longest serving of the three girls who worked for Hugo Betteman, Solicitor. She got on very well with Hugo in fact, and although there had never been any real sexual chemistry between them, they had flirted a little on occasion in the past.

As Karen sipped the coffee Steph had made for her when she came in, an idea began to develop in her mind. She knew it was going to be a busy morning because there were three appointments for Hugo and several house purchase deals were due to complete today as well. This would mean that she and the other two girls would be quite busy. Karen's plan was coming together in her mind. She turned to the other girls and asked, "are you two cold in here this morning?" They both nodded and said, "Yes."

"OK then," Karen said, "let's have another coffee? Steph, would you make it for us please?" Steph went off to the kitchen to make the coffee and Karen said to the other girl, Claire, "Coffee goes through me and I need to wee all the time, especially when it's cold but at least it warms me up!"

"I know," Claire said, "It makes me pee a lot too but I would rather keep going to the loo than be cold."

When Steph came back with the coffees, Karen said to them both, "I have an idea for making old Betteman get some better heating in here."

"What's that?" asked Claire, the older of the two. "Well," Karen went on, "We are going to be busy this morning, and as it's so cold we will need a couple more coffees before the office warms up. We won't have a lot of time for going to the loo all morning so I think I should stage a little accident for our Mr. Betteman."

"What do you mean?" asked Steph, "What sort of accident?"

"I'll wet my knickers a bit," said Karen. "Then tell Betteman that it's the cold that keeps making me want to go and when it's busy I can't keep running to the toilet! That will make him sit up!" Claire and Steph were horrified and, blushing, Steph said, "you can't do that, Karen! Whatever will he say?"

Claire said, "She's right Karen, that might be going a bit too far. On the other hand though, I have nearly wet myself a few times when we've been busy. You just can't get away from the phone sometimes. When it's cold like this it's really easy to get desperate."

"Exactly," said Karen, "I bet we wouldn't be the first office girls to wet ourselves from being so busy."

Steph, still blushing, said, "In my last job one of the juniors wet herself one day in front of the whole office because the boss was so hard on us. She was dying to go apparently but tried to finish what she was doing before she went to the loo and she just couldn't wait. It was awful! She just stood up and it went all down her legs and made a puddle on the floor, She was crying and the boss sent her home. She never came back, just wrote a note, and said she was finished."

"Right," Karen said, "That's it then I'll do it. I won't do too much, just enough to show so he will be convinced. We'll get some better heating in here yet; you wait and see! We had better get on then now, will you open the post please Steph?"

So for the next hour or so the three girls worked away as usual and it did prove to get quite busy. They all had another coffee at about 10:30 and Karen said, "I'll go and see Betteman in a minute." Claire and Steph looked at her apprehensively. Claire said, "Have you wet yourself yet?" Steph blushed again and said, "Are you really going to do it Karen?"

"Watch me!"

Karen replied and without turning her back to them, took her coat off for the first time that morning. She sat down again and although she felt her knickers were still damp, she decided to do just a little more to make certain her skirt looked newly wet. The other two girls were staring at her and she smiled and said, "Don't actually watch me, I'll never be able to pee my knicks with you looking at me!"

They both hurriedly looked down at their desks and Karen sat and tried to relax a little. She found that to just sit and deliberately pee herself was harder than she had thought and it took her a minute or two to start. She was actually quite desperate again by now so she was soon at the point of actually letting go. As she relaxed her muscles a bit more her pee dribbled into her knickers and, because they were already a bit damp, it quickly spread to her skirt and she felt her bottom getting wet for the second time that morning. After a few moments, she stood up and as she did so, she noticed a damp patch on her chair. Turning her back to Claire and Steph she said, "What about this then, will this convince him?"

Steph gasped and said, "God! You really have wet yourself Karen, there's a big wet patch on your skirt." Claire laughed and said, "Got to go for it now girl, it's too late to go back! Do you want me to come with you for moral support?"

"No! Karen said, 'I'll be OK, wish me luck." Karen heard them murmur "Good luck" as she left the office to go down the short corridor to Mr. Betteman's office.

As she walked, Karen could feel the wet hem at the bottom of her skirt touching the back of her legs and felt a bit heady at what she had done and was about to do. She knocked on Hugo's door and walked in as usual. "Excuse me Mr. Betteman," She said, but can I have a word please, urgently."

"Of course Karen," Hugo said, "Sit down for a moment while I just finish reading this letter and I will be with you."

"I.I. had better stand if you don't mind Mr. Betteman." Karen answered quickly. "Nonsense," Hugo said, "Sit down, we don't need to be formal, you and I, don't be silly!" Karen eyed the plush chair that she would normally have sat on in his office and knew that she would leave a wet stain on it if she sat down so she looked at Hugo again and said, "I'm really sorry Mr. Betteman, but I've had a bit of an accident and I need to go home. We have been so busy this morning and what with the office being so cold, I've wet myself trying to wait- look!" She turned partway around so that he could see her wet skirt.

"Oh my God!" Hugo said, "So you have."

"And my knickers are soaked," Karen said. "Yes! Yes!" Hugo said quickly, "I'm sure they are. You can't go home on the train like that, I had better run you home in the car to change. Would that help?" Karen was amazed. He had never been anywhere near so helpful in the past. She remembered the time when the trains were all cancelled due to a bomb threat and he had let her walk home without even offering to help. The letter he had been reading lay forgotten on his desk and he asked, "Do the other girls know?"

"Yes!" Karen said, "I showed them my wet skirt and told them I was coming to see you."

"Just a minute then," he said and calling Claire on the intercom, asked her to bring Karen's coat and handbag to his office. When Claire came in a minute later, Karen winked at her and thanked her for bringing her coat. Hugo held Karen's coat for her and said to Claire, "will you cancel my other appointment for this morning please Claire, I'm taking Karen home to change. You know what happened?"

"Yes," Claire said, "It's so cold in that office Mr. Betteman, I'm surprised it hasn't happened sooner!"

"I can see it's clear I shall have to do something about the heating then." Hugo said, and thanking Claire in advance for looking after things while he took Karen home, he turned to Karen and said, "Shall we go then?"

They walked out to his car and Karen wondered what to do about his car seat. He certainly wouldn't want her wet knicks and skirt on the upholstery of his Jag that's for sure! Hugo opened the boot and brought out a large plastic carrier bag from a men's outfitters shop and said, "We had better put this on the seat for you to sit on." He placed the bag carefully over the passenger seat and helped Karen out of her coat again and into the car. She was sure she felt his hand brush her wet skirt as he helped her into the car but maybe it was accidental. He put her coat carefully on the back seat of the car and got in the driving side.

Hugo had never been to Karen's apartment before and, when he had asked her exactly where she lived, they started off. Karen noticed that Hugo seemed a little distracted, nervous even and she wondered why. He was usually quite a confident person but she put it down to the unfamiliar situation and a little embarrassment knowing that she had wet herself. Reflecting, Karen thought about Hugo and how they had flirted a little in the past. He was an attractive man for nearly 40. He was about 5'11", with dark hair just touched with grey.

He kept himself in good shape by visiting the gym twice a week and, all in all, she decided, she would be happy to go a bit further in the relationship if the opportunity arose. At 31 she had experienced a few relationships but generally found men boring to be with after a while. Hugo, on the other hand, was good company and quite entertaining when he relaxed. Getting to be number one with the boss was not a bad idea either! She knew he was separated from his wife because he had told her one evening when they worked late to get a contract finished. They had sent out for a take-away and he had told her that there was no one at home since the separation and his wife had gone back to South Africa where her parents were.

"I really am sorry, Karen," Hugo broke into her thoughts, "I will do something about the heating, I promise! I'm just glad it was you that this happened to and not one of the other girls."

"What do you mean," she said, "it's pretty awful, whoever it happens to!"

"Yes! I know that," he said, sounding a bit flustered. "I just mean that you are more mature than Claire and Steph and you have been with me longer so I know you better than them. It must have been so embarrassing for you! I really am sorry." He sounded so genuinely sorry that Karen, for a moment, felt sorry that she had fooled him the way she had but the heating did need improving and it looked as if this might be the turning point.

Hugo remained silent for the rest of the 15-minute journey. It seemed to Karen that he was in uncertain territory, in close company with her and knowing that she had wet herself was perhaps making him a little tongue-tied. However, Karen also sensed a slight sexual tension in the atmosphere and an idea began to germinate in her mind as they drove in silence.

It must be explained at this point, that Karen had wet herself before on occasion. Of course, most girls don't reach the age of 31 without an accident or two, but after an accident at school one day when she was about 15, Karen had found that wetting her knickers actually turned her on. There was something about the sheer naughtiness of it that excited the daring girl that lurked within. At the same time the feelings of warm wetness around her pussy and bottom drove her wild. It had become her number one turn on over the years but she had never, ever, told anyone. 

Wetting her knickers on the tube that morning had been a genuine accident but now, having deliberately peed them again in the office, she was getting a little aroused- feeling her wet clothes still clinging to her private areas. She could also smell the somewhat pheromone-scented aroma of her own pee as it reached her nose and that took her back, as only a smell can, to other times when she had wet herself for the fun of it. Today though, was a departure from her usual pattern. No one had ever seen her wet before and the daring she had shown this morning was also turning her on.

When they reached Karen's apartment, Hugo went in with her and waited while she quickly showered and changed. He had asked her if she wanted the rest of the day off and she had said, "No, there's no need for that, it's a busy day, I'll be back in by lunchtime." He had then insisted on giving her a lift back in his car. When Karen emerged from her bedroom dressed again and ready to go, Hugo had coffee ready in the kitchen and they sat for a few minutes talking while they drank their coffee. Hugo apologized again for the heating problems and promised to get a timer fitted so that the heating could be turned on for an hour or so before the office opening time. Karen thanked him and told him that it had been concerning the girls for some time and told him the problems that coffee drinking caused. He looked sorry again at that so Karen assured him it would be fine now, it was all over. They left then to return to the office.

On the way back, Hugo was no longer as uncertain as he had seemed on the first journey but Karen still felt the sexual chemistry she had previously noticed. He skillfully, but discreetly, quizzed her about her life at the moment. Did she have a boyfriend? Did she spend a lot of time out with friends? What was her taste in music? Had she any plans for that evening?

By the time they reached the office, she knew that he was looking at her in a slightly different light and that the odd times they had flirted in the past were not quite the same as this. Karen smiled secretly to herself and remembered the idea that had begun to grow in her mind earlier. She decided to see how things went as the day progressed.

The afternoon passed quite normally, and, having told Claire and Steph what Hugo had promised regarding the heating, Karen got on with the day's work. At about 4:30 Hugo called Karen into his office and asked if she minded staying on for an extra hour or so that night to help him finish a job for a client. Karen, in her professional persona, agreed that she would, giving Hugo no hint of any personal feelings.

After the other girls had left and there was only Karen and Hugo in the office, he asked her to make coffee for them and bring it to his office. When she entered Hugo's office, he asked her to sit down and said, "I really appreciate you staying late Karen, we should finish this in about an hour. I'll take you home then. We could stop off for something to eat on the way if you would like to." This was new territory for them both and Karen looked at him for a moment before replying. Then she smiled and said, "That would be nice, Hugo, thank you, I think I would like that, it's been a long day."

Exactly an hour later they were taking their seats in a Thai restaurant a mile or so from the office. Hugo, throughout the meal, was the perfect gentleman and host. He made Karen feel at ease and she was pleasantly surprised at how wide his interests were and she found him to be a very pleasant conversationalist.

Later, as they were about to leave, Karen said, "I'll just go to the ladies for a moment, I know you are taking me home but we don't want an action replay of this morning, do we?" Hugo, by now quite relaxed with her, smiled, and said, "At least no one else would know this time, we could keep it to ourselves!" She smiled back and said nothing but walked off in the direction of the ladies'. Karen was certain then! She knew! Hugo had been a little turned on that morning when he saw her wet skirt- he had deliberately brushed it as she got into his car after all! The idea that had begun in her mind that morning in the car as Hugo drove her home was now taking full shape.

When they pulled up outside her apartment Karen waited for Hugo to open her door, and as she got out she said, "Come in for a night cap Hugo, there's one more little thing I would like to ask you."

For a moment it looked as if he was going to decline her invitation but then his face changed and he said, "Thank you, Karen, that would be a nice end to a pleasant evening." When they reached her door, Karen handed him her door keys and Hugo opened the door, standing back to allow her to enter. When they were in the kitchen a minute later Hugo said, "What was it that you wanted to ask me, Karen?" Slipping her coat off and turning her back partly towards him she said, "Would you help me get this skirt off please, it seems tighter when it's wet." She heard Hugo actually gasp, and then saw his smile as he took in the soaking wet patch on her skirt where she had wet it in the car. The way he grabbed her and swung her off her feet told Karen that her instincts that day had been perfect!
