Desperate for a Story (part 2)

Autjor: Melody Alexi [2021]

Chapter 2

She held her breath as she listened to his footsteps thud into the room.

“God damn,” he muttered to himself. “Mother and goddamn Kathy.”

She stifled a satisfied snort. There was something undeniably gratifying about his own mother missing her and torturing him with thoughts of her.

But then his footsteps advanced again, this time to his dresser. He tugged open his top drawer, his sock drawer. Or, it used to be.

She didn’t think it was possible to feel any hotter. She couldn’t tell whether it was fright, arousal, pee starting to seep from her, or all three. Like many people who grew up wanting to work for a paper, Charles had a bent for photography. And they’d spent several afternoons experimenting with his cameras. She couldn’t see exactly what he was doing from here. But even though they’d never properly made love, they’d shared many an erotic evening, one or two involving racy photography. And she knew that he’d stashed all the resulting photos of her in his sock drawer. Had he never gotten rid of them??

Her flurried thoughts scattered into nothingness when his footsteps came closer.

There was a creak as he seated himself on the bed. His legs were not far from her face.

Don’t breathe, she willed herself. And don’t look in the mirror, she willed him, internally begging. Don’t for the love of God look in the mirror.

He kicked off his shoes. And in the mirror, she could see him unbuttoning his shirt.

Her throat went instantly dry, to think of the times he’d unfastened those buttons before her. She tried not to crumple the letters she still gripped in her hand and shut her eyes so she wouldn’t examine his chest and imagine her hands and breasts against him. The smell of lilacs wafted through the window and filled the room, and it brought a flood of memories. And she was aching to touch him again.

It was a terrible time to lose control.

She was so transported she nearly forgot her need, and it was a mistake. Her eyes flew open and her hand shot involuntarily down to her skirts.

The hot trickling she felt was either more sweat or not enough piss to cause real damage. Her skirts and stockings were dry. For now.

But she wasn’t going to last for long, not if he didn’t hurry up and change and shuffle off into his study. Soon.

She bit her knuckle and waited, this time allowing her hand to press firmly in the crotch of her skirts, both to stay her need, and maybe to shut down other sparks of feeling.

Charles remained mysteriously silent and motionless.

Hurry. The hell. Up.

But to her astonishment, the creak she heard above wasn’t the creak of him departing the room.

He was sprawling back onto the bed.

No, no, no, please no.

Charles was an eerily silent sleeper. There was no way to tell whether he was conscious or awake. She’d never know when it was safe to leave the room.

But then she heard a sound like fabric rustling, and she froze, and her heart stilled.

She gazed back at the mirror.

Charles was unfastening his trousers.

Ice prickled down the back of her arms, and her heart stilled.

He arched and wriggled out of the pants, inching them down to his ankles, and off. And just like that Charles was completely nude.

Oh, no.

She was rubbing her pussy raw, grinding it into her underthings, desperate to quell every hot thing she felt there. She fought not to squirm and let her skirts audibly rustle.

Don’t look, Kathy, don’t look, she willed herself, but nothing was working.

She watched, helplessly drawn to the sight of him easing his dick into his grasp.

There were already beads of wetness at the tip, and he lubricated himself with the precum.

And in his other hand, he held…

She swallowed.

Her naked photograph.

She buried her face in her arm, cheeks flaming hot.

What had she been thinking, letting any man photograph her nude? And a volatile man like Charles? Had she really thought they’d be together forever? That any secrets would be safe with him? He was just like her: a snoop of a reporter who would do anything to get his hands on a good secret or a good story.

And yet, watching him work his hand up and down his length, the ache she felt for him overpowered everything else, even her need for a washroom. She hated herself for watching him, but she couldn’t focus on anything else.

She clamped her hand harder between her legs but couldn’t pry her eyes from the mirror.

He was as big as ever, his erection straining in his hand…

Her nipples were tight in the bodice of her dress.

And finally, her brain flared with a warning: the urgency she felt wasn’t just the sudden wave of arousal.

She had to go. Urgently.

Charles groaned softly and the sound affected her strongly. She felt a fresh, tiny blossoming of wetness in her underskirts.

Don’t let it happen. Don’t let it happen. Not here. Not where she was sure to be caught by him. Caught under his bed and caught pissing like a desperate schoolgirl. She couldn’t handle that kind of humiliation.

And Charles had every reason to destroy her personal and professional reputation now.

She fought back the sting of hot tears and tried to gulp a few deep breaths of the springtime air spilling from the window.

Charles began to grunt and the blur of terror and arousal and need was too much to handle.

It was happening. It couldn’t be happening.

She softly bucked and bit her knuckle harder like that could stop it.

But it wasn’t stopping.

A hot squirt trickled from her and spread in her drawers.

No, God, please no. She just barely bit back a groan in time.

But maybe this was her answer. Maybe if she could alleviate just the tiniest little bit of pressure, she could stay herself until he either fell asleep or left. Maybe.

She took a deep, silent-as-possible shuddering breath and let herself release another spurt. Just enough to take the desperate edge off.

Her face flamed in embarrassment, even if he couldn’t see her while it happened. The pee spread in her drawers and into her stockings, creating an uncomfortable dampness around her most intimate places. She blinked back tears and buried her face in her arms.

But for a moment, the small release helped. She felt a tinge of relief, and with any luck, her drawers and stockings caught the most of it, and her outer skirts would still appear dry.

She hated the thought of scurrying home with such an embarrassing secret concealed beneath her skirts, but it couldn’t be helped.

Now if Charles would only for the love-of-God finish already.

She looked back at the mirror. She told herself it was to gauge when he would be done but she knew a small part of her still wanted to look.

He was deeply immersed in what he was doing and the bed creaked above her and his soft gruntlike sounds were coming sharper and faster.

She stared in helpless ache and awe as he pushed himself nearer the edge and she watched his member rise and fall in his grip. The sight was more intoxicating than she cared to admit, and knowing it was all for her…

The creaking of the bed became more flurried and she hoped that meant he was heading for the finish line.

She bit her lip hard and clenched her legs together— and did not look away.

And then with a few final spasms, it happened.

She couldn’t see as much as she wanted but she could imagine the hot liquid spurting from him and pooling over his hand and she could remember once when he’d let her tug him into an equal state, and the thrill she’d felt in every inch of her, and how she’d wished he was inside her…

No, Kathy, no…

She was on the very brink of bursting.

Charles groaned and then relaxed.

It was over.

He was done. Now he either needed to sleep or leave. Please, please, let him just leave, she willed.

Being so close to freedom made her pussy quiver.

Charles seemed to relax on the bed and collect himself. He produced a handkerchief from somewhere or another and she watched tremblingly as he cleaned himself up. Maybe she should just play this to her advantage. Maybe she should just roll out from under the bed and offer to help. Catch him and put him in the prone position.

But that would take time and time was running out. She was quivering from head to toe with embarrassing need and again willed him to leave.

He finished wiping away any evidence of his momentary weakness and tossed the handkerchief into a pile of other discarded laundry.

She waited anxiously for him to get up. Or to roll over and go to sleep.

He did neither. Her heart stopped as he leaned over to tug open the bedside table and produced a cigar and a match.

She knew his methods.

He lit the match and waited, agonizingly long, for the sulfur to burn off so as not to affect the taste of the tobacco, and then, slowly, lit the cigar.

She bit back an agonized groan.

He sat back in bed and smoked absently, staring at the window, which was a little too close to the mirror for comfort.

She bit the back of her arm and glared daggers at him knowing full well he couldn’t see them.

And while he smoked away panic was starting to roar in her ears, sounding like the ocean. She should’ve just surprised him, but it felt too late and would make for a lame attempt now.

She knew it could take 45 minutes to smoke a cigar. It looked like a small one but even if it lasted twenty, she didn’t know if she could make it.

Charles never used to smoke in bed or anywhere in his mother’s house. Everything she’d seen here convinced her that he really must not be doing as well as she’d thought.

He smoked and did nothing else except letting the cigar rest in the tray when it was smoked low enough to ash. It was almost as though he were taunting her.

After letting the ash break off into the tray he resumed smoking— and looked casually into the mirror with a smug smile, like he’d known she’d been there all along.

“I’d offer you one, but if memory serves, you don’t smoke.”

A terrified hiss of pee escaped her, just one hiss, but enough to loosen her grip on the floodgates.

“Fuck you, Charles!” She sobbed. And another hiss of pee escaped. Panic overwhelmed her as she realized that it was over. She was caught and there was no way she would make it down the hall and to the toilet in time.

She buried her face in her arms and surrendered to the needs of her biology, sobbing.
