Full To The Brim - Part 3

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Ruth looked as though she was 9 months pregnant. It was as if she had swallowed a gigantic melon whole. The bulge was unlike anything Brittany had ever seen before. Never did she think a bladder would be capable of holding such a load. Yet there was Ruth, laying on the floor opposite her, crossing her legs, and cradling her enormous bladder bump. Her skin was stretched so badly that it was stark white. Ruth’s breath was hissing in through clenched teeth and being dispelled with a loud, breathy “Ahhhhh”. Brittany saw her legs quivering and shaking, and Ruth’s butt was also wiggling as she fought to contain her gargantuan load.

“Ruth….are you ok?” Brittany asked. It took a long time for Ruth to respond. Her eyes were partially glazed over as she muttered, “So….full…so…full…” Brittany got to her feet. “Stand up with me Ruth! You can do it!” she encouraged the iron-bladdered woman. Ruth turned her head in the direction of Brittany, still foggy-eyed from the pain, and slowly attempted to sit up. “Ahhhhh!” she screamed, the movement putting pressure on her abdomen, pressure that she could ill afford to have. Ruth laid back down, fighting with her bladder as it began to cramp repeatedly.

Brittany thought it looked as though she was doing a pee-dance while laying down. She was holding her pussy, tossing and turning from side to side, and alternating bringing her legs up as far as she could and moving them back down, all in an attempt to stay in control of the fantastic amount of urine she was carrying. The dance lasted for nearly twenty minutes, but finally Ruth was able to calm down, just slightly. It was all the opening that Brittany needed. She sprang in front of Ruth, beckoned for Ruth’s hands, took them, and pulled the older woman to her feet before she could refuse.

“Ahhhhh!” Ruth screamed again as the sudden movement took its toll on her bladder. She locked her legs together and whimpered as she held back the renewed pressure. “Come on Ruth, keep it in, hold it back, nothing gets out!” Brittany told her, and Ruth gave the smallest of nods as she fought for control. Though it was well into the night, Brittany realized that Ruth would not be able to fall asleep in such a state, and resolved to stay up with her and keep her company for as long as it took to break her bladder.

50 hours passed without a visit to the chamber pot and still Ruth did not give in. The night wore on, and Brittany could not believe her toughness. Ruth moaned, crossed her legs, quivered, held herself, paced the room with miniscule steps, and stamped her feet with desperation, but she held back her oceans of pent-up piss inside her iron and hurting bladder. As Brittany watched her, it seemed as though Ruth was now nothing but a pee holding machine. She didn’t talk. She didn’t eat. She didn’t make eye contact or even acknowledge Brittany in any way.

She was just continuing on instinct alone, on the one instinct that she had had forged into her brain before all others – Do not pee. No matter what happens, your bladder may not release its holdings, regardless of how great they may be or how tired you get. The night passed, and Brittany knew she should be getting tired, but watching Ruth’s unending struggle to control her ultimately uncontrollable need to urinate, pushing her strong bladder to the max, was driving her crazy.

Suddenly Brittany glanced out the window and noticed light. Sunlight! Brittany could scarcely believe her eyes. Ruth had lasted the entire night! She was hunched over, clutching her aching vaginal lips, bladder protruding amazingly, whimpering noticeably, but her pee remained inside her. Brittany knew that even Ruth’s limit was fast approaching. No bladder could remain locked shut forever! Especially not with the amount hers was holding in! Then Brittany got a deliciously evil idea. Her pussy tingled with excitement just at the thought of it. Reassuring herself that Ruth would not let go while she was away, the girl quickly got back into her clothes and found Dr. Penn, who was just awakening. After a brief conversation, she ran back to the study to find Ruth just as she had left her – unbelievably desperate but as dry as ever.

“Ruth,” Brittany spoke loudly to make sure Ruth understood despite her need, “Dr. Penn has just allowed us the use of his private horse-drawn carriage for the day. We are going on a nice ride in it. Who knows how long it will last! Now, Ruth, I know that your bladder is screaming at you for some much-needed…MUCH-needed…relief, but a proper woman would never pee during a ride, would she? Oh don’t worry, I’ll bring your chamber pot just in case, but you’re not allowed to pee until we return here, understand?” Recognition flashed briefly in Ruth’s eyes, and she gave a faint nod of the head.

“Alright then, follow me!” Brittany said delightedly. In a moment that could only be described as sadistic, Brittany made Ruth carry her own chamber pot with her through the mansion and out to the carriage, which was waiting at the doorway for them. Ruth’s steps were tiny at best, but she managed without complaint. She seemed to be beyond complaining. Once sitting Ruth, still naked, in the back of the covered carriage, Brittany approached the driver and told him of the route she wanted him to follow. It was an old path that snaked its through the forest surrounding Penn Manor. Eventually it made a circle and ended up right back at Penn Manor, but to complete that voyage took an hour by carriage. Brittany finished her instructions by telling the driver not to mind that Ruth was in the nude, and that went back and took her seat in the carriage with Ruth, closing the doors behind her. The carriage began to move at 7 am, 55 hours separating Ruth from relief.

“Now Ruth, darling, I have some special instructions for you,” Brittany began, as soon as their journey had started, “I know you need a wee desperately by now. But your bladder is still strong, right? I think it is! And you’re going to prove to both of us just how strong. Here’s your chamber pot.” She gestured to the pot that sat between them. “Five whole liters! That’s so much! Why I don’t know if anyone could ever pee five liters….but I bet you’d love to find out if you could right about now, wouldn’t you? Well Ruth, because I’m as nice a girl as I am, I’d like to help you out. I’ll let you get halfway to relief. I want you to sit, legs spread wiiiide, over that chamber pot, but you can’t pee out your amazing load of pee just yet. Just sit over it….and hold.” Brittany finished, scarcely believing what came out of her mouth.

She was reveling in the opportunity to be so sadistic. It was like a drug to her. She sad opposite Ruth and watched as agony overtook her, the product of too much pee being held for too great a time. No sooner had they began their journey than Ruth started wailing from the pain and muscle control it was taking to keep the chamber pot empty. The sound, coupled with the sight of Ruth’s quivering, naked form, did nothing except make Brittany wetter and wetter. The teen was so horny she could barely see straight. But she resisted touching herself. She was determined to see Ruth’s torment out to its proper conclusion first, to be as turned on as possible by the time the hold reached its climax.

The carriage made its way around the mansion once, twice, thrice, and four times. 60 hours into Ruth’s mammoth hold, at 12 noon exactly, the carriage passed the doors to the mansion for the fifth time. A tired and scratchy throat, the product of hours of yelling, had left Ruth with only the option to whimper and moan incoherently about her bladder’s state. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the mansion pass on her right, and it caused her whole body to shudder even more than it was. Her legs were shaking violently and sweat was pouring off her body and she fought the will of nature to release her aching, pressing load. Ruth’s mind, however, was not in a fog, as Brittany thought it was due to her lack of talking or acknowledging the younger girl. On the contrary, it was supremely focused on one thing – HOLD.

‘I must keep in my load, no matter how extreme the situation. I’ve never lost it in a carriage before, and I can’t now. I must wait until the proper time, which is as long as I am able,’ she thought, trying to encourage herself to overcome such daunting odds and pressures, ‘Come on, sphincter, stay strong for me. You must stay clenched no matter how much pressure is on the other side, begging to get out. I’m using as much strength as I possibly can…it won’t be enough forever though. My muscles are weakening…I can feel them losing power. Even my muscles have a limit to their endurance, and they’ll surpass it soon…and the chamber pot is right there waiting to hold my pee for me…No! I must prevent release at all costs! I will keep my sphincter shut! I will!’ Brittany could scarcely believe her eyes.

Against all odds, Ruth was still refusing to let out any of her long-held waters. Brittany couldn’t imagine the amount of pain Ruth had to be going through to keep her body locked down after so long. Her legs continued to quake. Her breath continued to come in rapidly. Her eyes were shut tight. But still, Ruth would not give in. 60 hours soon turned into 61, and then into 62. Ruth battled the desperate urges wracking her body with all of her strength, but she felt that even her enormous bladder was reaching the end of its powers.

Her mind couldn’t accept that fact and scrambled as quickly as it could to come up with something, with some image or scenario or thought that would keep her holding on. Her embattled brain landed on her mother. There they were, together again. Ruth and her mother. Taking a walk through town. But wait…this can’t be right….someone else was with them. A teenage girl…Brittany! But why was she walking with her head down, looking positively ashamed? In her mind’s eye, Ruth looked down at the girl. Her stockings and legs! They’re dripping! Why, she must have had an accident all over herself, poor thing. Ruth then noticed that she and her mother were carrying full to the brim bladders, about to burst. She seemed only seconds away from wetting herself. “Mother,” Ruth inquired, “Do you feel the same thing I’m feeling? We must find some chamber pots, and quickly!”

“Hush, darling, you are fine, and so is your mother,” Ruth’s mom replied. “But mum, I’m absolutely dying for a pee! I can barely wait!” Ruth announced. Her mother gave her a sharp, reproachful glare. “Ruthie, you WILL hold it, just like I WILL hold it. Doesn’t matter how full I am, or how full you are. Doesn’t matter that it’s been days since we had a pee. Doesn’t matter how stretched and bursting and desperate we might be. We will fight back these waves of urgency just as we always have, until we return home. Then…maybe…we’ll take our relief.”

Ruth crossed her legs but nodded dutifully. The pressure was overwhelming her control, however, and despite her promise to remain dry, Ruth didn’t know if she could manage, especially as they continued to walk in and around the shops. “I wish I could hold it like y’all could, ma’am,” Brittany spoke up after some time. “You’ll be able to someday. We never need to make a stop, our giant bladders just keep on holding. Isn’t that right, Ruthie?” Ruth’s mom asked. But Ruth could not answer her. At that moment, the gigantic spasm ripped through Ruth’s swollen bladder and forced all of her long held pee out of her, right in the middle of the shop. It went on endlessly, until Ruth’s mind returned to reality.

“Brittany, we need to stop. I…I can’t hold it in any longer,” Ruth stated clearly, startling Brittany. It was the first time she had heard the older woman speak in hours. The daydream had granted Ruth another hour, and she was now 63 hours into her gargantuan hold. “You say it’s over?....Well…I say it’s not! You wanted to hold it as long as you can, and I say you can still keep it back! Push your limits Ruth!” Brittany shot back. “I can’t! Don’t you see?? It’s over! Let me out! There’s the mansion now, let me inside and let me release all of this urine in me!” Ruth argued frantically, sensing that her control was slipping away.

“No Ruth. We’re going around again. Summon your strength, get back your indomitable spirit, and hold it in,” Brittany told her evenly, a gleam in her eye. Ruth groaned and tried to keep her muscles tensed, but they were rebelling. Her sphincter was spasming madly. Her bladder kept contracting forcefully, trying to let out its huge load of urine. The release had been overdue for so long that her body was trying as hard as it could to release now. Ruth ground her teeth together, held her breath, and poured all of her remaining endurance into her sphincter. The pressure got worse and worse, but still nothing escaped from her bladder. “How long can you keep that up, Ruth?” Brittany asked, legitimately impressed with Ruth’s amazing effort.

“Minutes…..maybe….” Ruth said, having trouble speaking while squeezing her muscles so hard. “Ahhh…well….that’s a problem…because we’re going around again, so it’s going to be another hour at least! And don’t even think about peeing,” Brittany told her. Ruth couldn’t believe how a girl she valued as one of the sweetest she’d ever known just hours before could be so cruel to her. Then she realized she wasn’t really disliking it. In fact, being dominated like this was making her wet despite the strain.

And so she held her bladder as the carriage passed by the mansion and continued on. It was pure and total torture for her, a never-ending hell of bladder punishment and abuse. And when the carriage came by the mansion again at 4 pm, Brittany “forgot” to have it stop to let them out, and so the journey continued for another round. The same thing happened at 5 pm, but at 6 pm it stopped at the mansion’s doors. Brittany sat up, startled by the lack of movement, for she had not ordered the stop. There was a rap on the carriage door, and when she opened it, the driver apologized to her, but said that the horses could not take any more for the day.

Brittany looked over at Ruth’s sweating, sleek, magnificent, tension-filled body, legs still spread, made complete by her severely bloated bladder, and it came to the teen that her iron-bladdered idol had beaten the odds once again, outlasting even the horses that carried her, all the while resisting the ever-inviting chamber pot nestled just under her thighs. Brittany decided to take the slightest amount of pity on her. “Here, Ruth, I’ll carry your chamber pot back inside for you, just follow me in,” she said, taking the chamber pot and hefting it out of the carriage. Ruth attempted to follow, but as soon as she left the confines of the carriage she realized that a light rain had begun to fall. The effect was immediate.

Ruth twisted as much as she could and clutched in pure desperation at her pussy, bobbing on the spot as the misting covered her. Brittany noticed her lack of accompaniment and turned on the spot to see Ruth’s predicament. “Ruth! Whatever are you doing? You can’t possibly think it’s acceptable to walk back into the mansion like that! We’ll stand out here as long as it takes, but you’re going to walk back inside normally,” she said with emphasis. By now, Ruth knew better than to argue. It took many agonizing minutes, but eventually Ruth was able to summon what little strength remained between her legs and stood normally, before walking briskly into Penn Manor with Brittany.

Tears were forming in her eyes, but Ruth continued to walk normally as the pair went back to the study. Brittany made sure to take them on a longer-than-necessary route that passed by the dining room, where Dr. Penn and the rest of the women were sitting and eating. Amy, Sarah, Megan, Claire, and Dr. Penn were stunned into silence by the sight that passed by them. Ruth’s bladder was so big and stretched that they could scarcely believe their eyes. For a long time after the pair had continued on, neither the ladies nor the doctor could find their voices to speak about what they had just witnessed.

Brittany and Ruth reached the study, entered, and closed the door behind them. Ruth turned to face Brittany just as the teen set the chamber pot down in the center of the room, and seeing it again made Ruth’s bladder go crazy. She began doing a frantic pee dance to keep from flooding the floor. She looked at Brittany imploringly, unable to speak from the strain. Brittany remained stone-faced, but glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner of the room and saw it was 6:30 pm. “You must hold it until 7 at least,” she said, “and this is a test of your bladder muscles, so stop that dance. Stand still!”

“Can’t….can’t do it! Please…let….me pee!” Ruth begged, her bladder revolting completely. “Ruth, I’m going to tell you the same thing you told me. It did me a world of good, so you should hear it too. Stand normally, legs apart, no hands, and I will let you have relief. You must stand like a true lady, because you are one,” Brittany told her. Ruth’s eyes went wide, but she gave a curt nod and followed orders. The pressure bearing down on her tired and overworked sphincter was now unbelievable. Torrents of piss pounded the little ring of muscle that prevented escape. Her totally overfull bladder wanted nothing but to release its long-held load. As the hour drew near, Ruth’s legs started shaking more violently than they ever had up until this point. She was biting her lip to keep from crying, but tears were still streaming down her face from the pain.

With five minutes until the hour was up, Brittany’s mind conceived a nasty idea. She debated going through with it for a moment, but decided that she could not resist it. “Ruth,” she spoke up, “I have to pee.” Ruth looked at the girl for a second before realizing the implications of that statement. “Brittany, dear, you cannot really mean….I mean I can’t…you can’t expect…I’m so full…I…” Ruth stammered. She motioned to the bulbous form of her bladder sticking out of her abdomen and lower stomach.

“You promised me that I could use you to pee whenever I desire. Well, right now I’m going to take you up on it,” Brittany said definitively, finding the catheter in a corner of the study and bringing it to Ruth. The older woman winced, both from what lay ahead of her and from her bladder’s current agony, and prepared herself for the torment Brittany was about to inflict upon her. In truth, even though Brittany had not relieved herself since the last night, she did not feel a large need, since she had not drank anything from that point forward.

But the mere thought of peeing into Ruth mere moments before desperation overtook the strong-bladdered one was enough to drive her crazy with excitement. Without hesitation, she inserted the catheter into both of them and let loose what pee she had. Ruth shouted obscenities as the extra liquid entered her already-super full bladder. When Brittany ended her stream, Ruth’s bladder legitimately could not hold another drop. It was stretched to its max, control dangling by the slimmest of margins. Ruth was moaning nonstop. It was torture, to have a bladder so full and hold it in. Brittany saw Ruth’s agony and finally decided to end it.

She unhooked the catheter and brought Ruth’s special 5 liter chamber pot over to her, and set it down before her. “Here Ruth, you’ve done fabulously. Now pee for me!” she said triumphantly. Ruth squatted over the pot, but did not release a drop. She pointed at the clock. “Still….one….minute….left….” Ruth muttered, and indeed there was still one minute until 7 o’clock pm. Brittany watched as the pain and muscle spasms overtook Ruth. She fought them and fought them, holding back seemingly oceans of much-too-long held piss in her amazingly strong bladder. Her sphincter was exhausted beyond measure, clenching but quivering madly. She was on the verge of absolute explosion.

At exactly 7 pm, 67 hours since Ruth’s bladder had been emptied in any way, her floodgates finally gave out, bowing to the unending pressure and a jet of piss burst forth out of her the likes of which neither Brittany nor herself had ever seen before. It was a pressurized torrent of high-powered pee, and Brittany was amazed that its force did not knock the chamber pot over. The relief Ruth felt was indescribable. She was screaming with pleasure. Ruth had never held so much for so long, and she relished the feelings that this pee was bringing her. ‘Surely,’ she thought, ‘I will remember this for the rest of my life.’ Her pee seemed to go on and on, as unending as her desperation was. Ruth was not paying attention to how full the chamber pot was becoming, but Brittany was, and it shocked her to see the five liter capacity being filled up.

After two minutes of Ruth’s gargantuan piss, she was still spraying as hard as ever, the pee roping out of her and into the pot, where it was splashing noisily, and Brittany realized that before long Ruth would overflow the 5 liter chamber pot! “Ruth! Stop! Stop! The pot’s getting full!” she yelled desperately. Ruth’s eyes went wide as she tried to force her poor muscles to once again bear the pressure, finally squeezing off her pee just as the giant chamber pot reached its maximum capacity. “Brittany! There’s no stopping it! I can’t hold it back like this! Do something!” Ruth implored her. She was still using only her muscles to hold, but Ruth knew her control would only last for seconds. Her bum was quivering, her legs shaking, and Brittany was scrambling around, trying to come up with a solution. There was not another chamber pot in the room, and that was the only thing that Dr. Penn would permit the ladies to pee into, unless….

“Ruth! Pee into me! I can take it!” Brittany said confidently but scared inside. She grabbed the catheter with seconds to spare and jammed it back into the both of them as quickly as she could. Ruth was in no position to argue. She waited desperately as Brittany secured the catheter, and let go in earnest as soon as they were properly hooked up.

“Ahhhh!” both women yelled, Ruth from the pleasure of emptying her long-held waters, and Brittany from taking them in. Ruth’s pee was so high-pressurized that it took only another 45 seconds before she was totally drained of piss. She closed her eyes briefly to bask in the feeling of emptiness. When she opened them she noticed Brittany breathing heavily and straining mightily. She had unhooked the catheter from herself and was clutching between her legs for all she was worth. As Ruth examined the teen, the reason for this became readily apparent. Brittany’s bladder was bursting with pee. It was clearly the biggest load of piss that Brittany had ever held before, and surely it was only her training at Ruth’s hand that was making it possible for her to continue keeping it in.

“Hurry….do….something….so….full…” Brittany was mouthing to her, unable to utter the words. She’d never felt a feeling like this in her life. It was as addicting as any, but it was too intense to last. The girl needed to be emptied, and fast. Ruth sprang into action instantly, ignoring as best she could the bitter throbbing in her abdomen from her stretched and tired bladder. She ran out of the study and, still possessing not a stitch of clothing on her body, made her way to the dining room with haste. She burst in on Dr. Penn and the four women, whom had only just started recovering fully from the shock of seeing Ruth and Brittany almost an hour before.

“Ruth, I really must-“ Dr. Penn began before Ruth cut him off. “Doctor, there isn’t much time! That chamber pot that I refused yesterday, where is it??” she asked him, looking frantically around the room. “Why, it’s right here dear. Do you need it for some reason now?” Dr. Penn asked, pulling it from under the table, but still unable to tear his eyes away from Ruth’s now flat stomach. The other women were having similar issues. “Thank you!” Ruth said shrilly, grabbing it from him and hurrying back towards the study. She entered and found Brittany rolling on the floor and clutching her bladder bump. It was clear that the girl was at the end of her tether.

“Quickly, darling! Pee into this!” Ruth shouted at her, setting down the 2 liter chamber pot. Brittany gave her a sad look. “I….only….want….to…pee….into…you….” she managed weakly. Ruth sighed. “Alright, dear. If that’s what you want,” she said. Ruth took the catheter from the floor below her and inserted it into the both of them, and when it was in place, Brittany peed Ruth’s load back into her. “Mmmmmmm,” Ruth groaned, her overstretched bladder being forced to accommodate a large amount of piss once again. The second Brittany ended her one minute pee, Ruth ripped the catheter from herself and squatted over the 2 liter chamber pot. The pee hissed out of her, and after 45 seconds she was empty and the 2 liter chamber pot was full to the brim.

The two women lay there for a while, exhausted from the ordeal. Soon, the enormity of the situation hit them both. Ruth had just held SEVEN liters of hot, steaming pee inside of her monstrous bladder with nothing but her awesome control and mastery over her sphincter, and she had done so for 67 hours! Upon realizing this, both women began to laugh, a carefree, exhausted, natural laugh that lasted for what seemed like hours. Then both women rose, still wet with both pee and desire, and decided to show the others just how much Ruth’s amazing bladder had held. Their arms were around each other as they walked slowly out of the study, leaving the chamber pots, full with Ruth’s bursting pee, in the middle of the room.

