Chapter #5

Posted by Wendy on October 30, 1998 at 08:39

The party went on for a couple of hours before anything serious began happening. But one incident occurred about 10pm that gave Vanessa a fuller insight into her friend Wendy. I was becoming obsessed with the tall guy. He obviously was known there and had several friends among the partiers. He was in several animated conversations. I was watching him intently, when Vanessa took notice and made comment. I told her that I just had to find out who he was. Vanessa set to work and circulated to gather information. While she was doing this, tall guy took off in the direction of the kitchen. I followed almost as if being pulled by a magnet. I was hoping that he wasn't headed for the fridge. And he did not disappoint me. He went straight out the back door for the loo. I followed as if it were not an act of free will. I felt as if I were hypnotized and witlessly obeying implanted suggestions. And I felt my bottom start to tingle again.

I no sooner got out the door than I saw a que to the loo. He was in line and hadn't seen me. I debated whether or not to join the que. (I could work up the nerve to talk with him.) Hell, I'd probably have wet my pants! I slipped back into the kitchen, after counting the number of bodies ahead of him. I sat at the table and waited until the others were in, one by one, and I knew that he would be in the loo. As I sat there I prayed that no one else would go out and form a line behind him. I could hardly get a peek (again) at him peeing, with witnesses there!

Finally the chance came and I practically ran out. I held my breath and went round the corner. No one there. I made it to the door and sneaked a peek. He was there...and peeing! This time I did admire the size and shape of the lovely cock he held in his hand. I fantasized what it would be like to hold it for him as he peed. I glanced around to make sure I was alone and I began rubbing myself through my levis. I looked back to see if he were finished. He was still at it! Such capacity amazed me. And the strength of his flow was a turn-n as well! I truly wanted to wet myself right there and then...and imagine that it were him doing it to me. I'd heard of this and even heard that there were magazines that had pictures of it. I was lost in revelry and not totally aware of my surroundings. That's why I was so shocked to hear someone whispering my name in desperate tones.

It was Vanessa and she had a truly worried look about her. She pulled on my sleeve again and got me round the corner, just as the door to the loo opened. She whispered, 'what were you 'doing'?!?" Then he came around the corner and almost collided with us. Vanessa pulled me toward the loo and then inside. She braced me up against the wall and repeated her question, with emphasis. I tried to lie my way out of it, but apparently she had seen too much. Finally I broke down and told her that it was a turn-on to watch him pee. She said that could see that from what I'd been doing.

I blushed and wanted to disappear. She asked me if I were some sort of 'pee-freak', if I were into the stuff she'd seen in some 'art' film she named, from Europe. I couldn't say anything...I didn't dare! Then she did something that so surprised me that I caught my breathe and nearly choked. She reached between my legs and felt the crotch of my levis. I wasn't aware of just how warm and damp I was until that moment. She knew it then, too. 

She told me that I was turned on like a bitch in heat. It was not quite scolding. Then she asked if I didn't see boys pee when I was a little girl. I said I had... She asked if that hadn't taken care of the curiosity. I replied..."no." She asked, quieter this time, "are you a pee-freak?" I said, "I guess." When she asked just how far this behavior had gone, I told her the whole story. I left nothing out, including my fling with another girl. As I related it all I prayed that Vanessa was as understanding and intelligent as I had hoped. Inside I was really attracted to her for that very intelligence and strength. Inside I wanted her for a lover...a wet lover. And I had only, now, to find the courage to tell her. But circumstances did not allow for that. A couple of women were knocking at the door to the loo, needing to use the facility. We both had a quick pee and left.

When we got back into the party, as if my revelation had never occurred, Vanessa started filling me in on what she had learned about Mr. Magneflow. He was a college junior, an art major and set designer for college (as well as community) productions. He was well respected for his work and expected to make a name for himself. Definitely a loner, he marched to his own music and rarely dated one-on-one. Presently he was very unattached. She said that she was attracted to him herself, but that she could see that I was smitten. So she was going to introduce us. I panicked! I was afraid that Vanessa would tell him about my little scene outside the loo. She promised not to, say that it was something best mentioned by me, if at all.

About then someone arrived with a kilo of musky smelling grass. He said it was from Humbolt County in California...something called 'skunk weed'. Well, I'd tried weed at a couple of parties at school. It was OK...but! This stuff was supper! The whole tone of the party changed. In very little time couples were disappearing into the bedrooms. Sometimes more than one couple to a bedroom. When the bedrooms were full, couples started making out in the living room and the den. Not long after that the petting escalated into out and out live making, right there! On the chesterfield, in chairs and on the floor. I was shocked and fascinated all at once. I didn't want to stare for being rude. But I couldn't help starring. There were things going on right there in front of me that I had only heard of or fantasized about! Vanessa was watching as intently and seeing her made me want her again.

I was about to throw my fears to the wind and take her by the hand and start kissing her. I was going to find out if anyone would notice two girls doing it among the rest of this orgy. I took her hand. She looked at me and smiled. She was willing and it was clearly there to be seen in her eyes. I leaned close to her and told her that I wanted her. She answered by snuggling up against me and squeezing my hand. We both looked around. Where? We wondered, hand-in-hand through the flat, but all spaces were occupied. Vanessa stopped me and looked into my eyes. She giggled and whispered, "the loo?" I asked, "are you ready for that?" She indicated that between the grass and the show going on all around us, she was ready for 'anything'! We went out the kitchen door.

Wouldn't you know it! The loo was occupied...two couples no less. One on the floor and one in the tub. (And, no, it did not look as if they were into wet stuff...drat!) Vanessa remembered a lounge chaise in the corner of the balcony. I said, "why not?" We went there, a rather shadowed area, perfect! And there were already legs on the chaise! I saw the glow of a joint being drawn upon. It lit up 'his' face! I froze. I was completely beside myself. Here were both people I wanted sex with, and in the nastiest possibly way, and I was incapable of movement or utterance.

Vanessa came to my rescue. She politely introduced the two of us. His name was Bill. She explained about the goings on in the flat, even in the loo. He said that that was why he had rolled one and come out here. He offered us a couple of hits and we shared the rest of his joint. Then Vanessa did the oddest thing. She started rapidly making excuses why she just 'had' to leave. Then she blurted out that I was really interested in getting to know Bill. And she started leaving, asking him if he could see me home. Bill put a stop to it all. He said that did not own a car. Bicycled everywhere. Oh? I was getting really uncomfortable and tried to get Vanessa to come away with me.

Suddenly she began disrobing and asked Bill, point blank, if he would allow her to teach me the proper etiquette for performing a blowjob on him. He looked up at her almost quizzically. Thought about it, shrugged to himself and nodded. I watched in fascinated horror as she got totally naked and attacked his zipper as if it were a starving woman's last meal. While she was down on him she was undressing him. Then she looked up at me and said,"well? Come on Wendy, show us your lovely body and help me here." I was probably the only person there with a stitch on. So I did as asked. I was naked in only a moment and kneeling on the opposite side of the chaise from Vanessa. I watched as she took his beautiful erection back into her mouth, and went back to bobbing her head. I looked up at Bill and he was watching in rapt amazement.

He smiled at me and I saw not a lecherous hint there. He was just honestly appreciating this moment of good luck. Vanessa moaned and I looked back at her. My turn to be amazed at this self-assured girl-woman. She had, obviously done this before. She was enjoying it immensely and, from Bill's reactions, she knew how to do it well. She opened her eyes and saw me watching. Then she came off his glistening staff and told me that it was my turn. What followed was a comedy of errors. But I did learn to do it right. What's more I learned that I loved to give head.

About the time I was settling in to the proper rhythms and motions, Vanessa announced that she was desperate to have a pee. She stood, but she made no move toward the loo. She looked right at me and said that, since people were doing it there, she felt it would be rude to interrupt. She glanced at Bill then made sure she had my eye. The she looked down between her legs, knowing that I'd follow her glance. Sweet Vanessa then spread her legs and let loose with a tremendous waterfall! It was stupendous. She wasn't kidding about being desperate! I glanced quickly at Bill and saw that he was watching Vanessa's act, as well. And, he was smiling that same smile he had given me. When Vanessa had finished, she looked from me to Bill and said; "now we're even."

I guess I'd stopped bobbing on his prick. Cause I had to start again. Vanessa knelt back down and said she'd take over. She was sure that I needed to relieve myself as badly as she had, as I'd been away from the loo as long as she had. Then she said that I also owed Bill a show. Then she addressed Bill. "Wouldn't you like to watch Wendy have a pee?" I began to blush again. And when he said, "if I see another girl pee in front of me, I probably won't be able to keep from cumming anymore," I blushed even more.

Vanessa almost gasped and had me come around to her side of the chaise. She asked if it would turn me on to make Bill come by peeing for him. (Like she had to ask?) I sputtered something affirmative. She took hold of his erection, which was standing unassisted now, and began to stroke it. She directed me to stand closer to Bill's side and get ready, but not to go yet. She then told Bill to let himself cum as soon as he could...that she was going to suck him till he was ready, then pull off so we could see him shoot. She told him to tell me when he wanted me to pee for him, so he could get the most enjoyment out of it.

I was shaking from excitement and wonder! Even with the effects of the grass I was fully aware of what was happening and I'd never known that anticipating a pee could do this to me. I watched Vanessa sucking and pumping of Bill's cock. I watched him straining and moving to her rhythms. I could hear them both moaning in pleasure. Then I noticed that Bill's eyes were not on Vanessa and/or what she was doing to him. He was looking at me. Not my breasts or my pussy. He was looking into my face and the look was pure desire and gentle caring.

I was aware that I was to pee for him. I was aware that I was participating in an orgy and that it thrilled me. I felt the need to pee pressing on my bottom and blending seamlessly with my growing excitement. I was completely captured by his so very blue eyes. It was if I were locked into 'his' building excitement. I could read it there in his eyes. His expression kept changing subtlely as he built toward his orgasm. I'd never watched this before, but I knew. Suddenly he tensed in a different way and his eyes changed. He smiled at me. glanced down at my bottom for a second, then back to my eyes. He nodded and smiled again, then watched my pussy intently.

That was my que! I was on! I had worried briefly about stage fright but that went away in a matter of seconds. I began slowly peeing. It was the kind of pee that does not squirt out in a clean stream that goes off without leaving but a few drops in my hairs. I wanted to purposely make this slow and as teasing as possible. I wanted to be a part of Bill's orgasm...and my own! I kept witching his eyes as he stared at my flow. My pee was kind of jumping around my pussy hairs. It sprinkled and sprayed. It left beads on my hair and thighs. It spattered on the balcony decking.

I stopped and started again. It brought an audible gasp from Bill. My stream grew stronger and more pronounced. He began to wreathe as he watched. I peed stronger still and Bill began a series of little jerking movements, still staring between my legs. On an impulse I reached down into my stream and peed on my fingers. Then I reached over to Bill and wiped the pee across his neck, just below his ear. He shivered and looked up to my eyes with a kind of loving thank you all mixed up in the surprise I saw there.

I had reached the point of no return and had to let loose and pee fully until I was done. When I did Bill heard it and went back to watching . He started spasmming heavily and started groaning. I started masturbating in front of him, even as I was finishing the major flow of my pee, and he jerked even harder. Suddenly he pulled Vanessa's head away from his cock and said that he was cumming! Vanessa said, "oh, look!" And Bill started ejecting huge globs of thick, white sperm into the air! I'd seen it before, but never like this! There was so much and so forceful! It landed in ribbons all over his sweaty chest and groin. He heaved in orgasm and groaned, as I'd never imagined. I came along with him, at that point. But nothing I did there could compare with what he was going through. It was truly amazing.

After a few moments to come down, Vanessa started playing with Bill's cum. She made patterns with it, rubbed some on her nipples and a single swipe across her lower lip. She was doing herself as she performed this naughty little after-act. And she came, too. Bill, watched her for a moment, then he reached out to me. He touched my pussy hairs and gently caressed me there. When he took his hand away he rubbed the wetness onto his neck in exactly the same place I had touched. His smile told it all.
