CONTROLLED AND DESPERATE AT THE MALL
A F/F Omorashi  Erotica Short
Author: J.E.Hart

I just couldn’t hold it any longer. I squirmed and crossed my legs one last time, fighting back a spurt of hot urine. I knew Amy could tell something was wrong with me since I’d been fidgeting for the last hour, but she hadn’t said a word.

Now I didn’t know how I was going to hide my accident as pee dribbled from the crotch of my pants, onto the bench we sat on, and down to the ground in a slow leak. My cheeks flamed bright pink and I was on the verge of tears.

Still, I didn’t say a word, and neither did Amy. She sat there nonchalantly next to me on the park bench, chatting away like nothing was wrong. My pee hissed to the ground, making a small puddle that quickly seeped into the grassy soil. I could hear it clearly and I knew Amy surely heard it too. She was sitting right next to me, after all.

It was only when she turned her head to look at me that she acknowledged my wet predicament.

“Olivia, is everything okay?” she asked, breaking off from the conversation we were just having. Her eyes roamed down to my wet jeans and she raised an eyebrow before looking back up at me.

“I—I, well, uh,” I stammered, lowering my head to stare down at my lap. There was a large dark patch on my light blue jeans that was painfully obvious.

“If you had to use the bathroom, you could have just said something,” Amy chastised me softly. “I would’ve helped you find somewhere to go.”

“It’s fine,” I dismissed her. “I’ll just go home and get cleaned up. Sorry to cut our time together short.”

Amy was back in town after a week of vacation. Previously I’d been excited to see her, but too much iced tea at lunch pushed my thoughts to something else. I tried to hold for so long, but the limits of my bladder were pushed too far and I ended up like this, humiliated in front of my best friend.

“Wait,” Amy said quickly when I made to stand up. “I have a confession to tell you.”

My heart pounding, I leaned back on the wooden bench. The pee soaking my jeans was cold now and little drips still found their way to the ground every few seconds.

“What is it, Amy?”

Amy looked me directly in the eyes. “I think that what just happened to you - the desperation, the wetting - is really hot.”

I blinked and tilted my head a little. “Really? That’s...”

Amy bit her lower lip. “I get it. I probably overstepped. Sorry about that.”

“No, that’s not what I was thinking,” I replied hastily. “It’s just kind of surprising, that’s all. I’ve never had an accident in public before, and it’s super embarrassing. I thought you would be disgusted by it.”

Amy shook her head. “I knew you were desperate, to be honest, but since you didn’t say or do anything about it, I just enjoyed it and watched you get progressively worse. How did it feel for you, Olivia? Was it all bad, or just some of it?”

I paused, thinking about my experience. I was nervous and embarrassed and stressed out from trying to hold back the copious amount of liquid in me, but the relief when I finally did let it go and stopped fighting with my body’s natural urges was surprisingly good. It wasn’t like other times that I had to pee out in public and only felt annoyed and worried.

I was willing to try it again and explore the sensations desperation brought with it if it was in a more controlled setting.

“I think I liked it,” I said quietly.

Thinking about it longer made me more and more curious, in spite of my mixed feelings.

“Honestly, I don’t know, but I’d like to experience that level of pee desperation at least one more time.”

Amy looked a little surprised. “That’s great to hear. Hey, let’s get you home. I’m sure it’s uncomfortable to be wearing wet, cold clothes in this weather.”

She was right. The wind had picked up and despite being a warm spring day, a small shiver went through me and I wished I had brought a coat.

Having Amy there to console me and take me home was a comforting feeling. She was so understanding about it all. Still, I wondered what it was like for her to watch. She acted like she was pretty turned on by the whole experience. Part of me wanted to see just how horny she was right now.

I waited to say anything until we got back to my apartment. As soon as we were in the door, I made it clear to Amy that she should make herself comfortable.

“I’m gonna go change out of my pants and underwear. I’ll be out in a minute.”

Amy nodded and sat down on the couch in my living room, pulling out her phone. When I returned, she still had her phone out and looked as cozy as ever.

I was a little disappointed that she seemed to have moved on from the incident earlier. I could only hope that she would keep in mind what I said about wanting to try being desperate in public again. If I did go through with it on purpose, I wanted her there with me. I needed someone I could trust.

I walked closer to the couch and noticed that one hand had slipped furtively up her skirt. It was moving a little, and now I could hear her rapid breathing.

My own breaths came faster as I realized what she was doing. “Amy?”

She quickly pulled her hand from out of her skirt and blushed. “I was just...adjusting my panties,” she lied.

I sat down opposite her and smiled. “I know what you were doing. Was it really that hot, watching me wet myself?”

Amy nodded. “I can barely help myself right now, Olivia. I’m so wet.”

My smile disappeared when I saw the look on Amy’s face. I’d never seen her this way before, but she was beautiful. Her dark hair fell over her shoulders in waves and her eyes seemed to pierce right through my soul.

She knew me so well, but there were still things we didn’t know about each other.

And with the seductive, almost challenging look in her eyes, I realized I wanted to become more familiar with that previously unknown side.

“I should go,” she said finally, breaking her gaze and standing up. “Let’s plan to meet soon. Maybe the mall? That would be fun.”

I knew exactly what she meant by that, and I was excited. My heart pounded in my chest. “I'd love to.”

“Great. I'll text you later and we’ll pick a day and time. Bye, Olivia.”

She hurried out the door, probably eager to get home and take care of herself properly, and I flopped down on the couch where she had just been sitting.

I couldn’t keep my mind off next week when we were going to try something totally new. I was nearly giddy with excitement.

As I sat there thinking, I softly rubbed my legs together. There was a slickness growing around my pussy. I could only keep my hands off it for so long.

I pushed the sweatpants I threw on earlier down, giving me access to my wet pussy lips. The smell of pee was still faintly there since I hadn’t taken a shower yet or made any attempt to clean up other than putting the wet clothes in the wash.

I ran two fingers down my pussy, reveling in the wetness and covering my fingers in it. I kind of wished I’d begged Amy to stay longer if only to watch her play with her pussy while I did the same with mine.

I fingered myself while I let my mind wander back to earlier in the day when I was crammed on a park bench in the middle of a busy park. I tried everything I possibly could to hold my pee, eventually resorting to crossing and uncrossing my legs, bouncing up and down, holding my crotch with my hand.

The first warm jet of pee sprayed into my hand when I was well into holding. I knew I had gasped loudly enough for Amy to hear. At the time I thought it was strange that she didn't say anything, but now I knew she was enjoying the view, enjoying the little moans and whimpers I was making.

I moaned loudly now, circling my clit with my slick fingers. A shudder went down my spine and I arched my back, pressing my sensitive clit into the pad of my forefinger.

“Fuck, this feels good,” I breathed.

I pushed a few fingers into my pussy, knowing I was close to coming. Usually, I liked to spend more time pleasuring myself, but today, with all my pent up desires, I needed release quickly. I hoped that Amy had gotten the pleasure she needed as soon as she got home too.

My pussy throbbed as I came hard, moaning and squeezing my eyes shut. The waves of pleasure coursed through my pelvis and into my whole body, causing me to lie back on the couch so I could take it all in.

Despite having just pissed myself an hour or so before, a few drops of pee leaked out while I came, wetting my pussy even more. It felt so good, I wanted to know what it felt like to orgasm on a full bladder, leaking big spurts as my pussy contracted.

I spent the rest of the week near-constantly turned on thinking about next week’s adventure with Amy. I had no idea what she was going to have me do, but I’d made up my mind to give all control over to her. She clearly knew what she liked and probably what would be the most fun for both of us.

I had to admit, I kind of liked the idea of submitting all bladder control over to someone else. If I didn’t I might chicken out and run to the nearest toilet before I even got too desperate.

With Amy forcing me not to, I could be truly pushed to my limits.

###

The day we planned on meeting at the mall rolled around and I woke up bright and early. After a stretch and a yawn, I grabbed my phone off my nightstand and checked it. There was a text from Amy that made my heart leap:

“Don't pee when you wake up”

Directly below that message was another:

“I want you to arrive at the mall already needing a piss”

I smiled to myself. This was perfect. I made the right decision letting Amy control my bladder today.

Just reading Amy’s texts and thinking about what might happen later today made me wet. I got in the shower to get cleaned up and quickly realized just how hard it was going to be to hold in my morning piss, which I usually let out as soon as I got out of bed.

I wasn’t desperate yet, but the warm water raining down from the showerhead made me want to pee so badly. I had to press my legs together and twist around for a few seconds while I washed my hair.

I bounced out of the shower, threw on some jeans and a shirt, and took a picture of myself to show Amy what I would be wearing. The jeans were super tight and light enough that they would show every little wet spot. It made me nervous to wear them, but there was something thrilling in those nerves.

Amy agreed that the outfit was perfect, so I grabbed everything I would need for the day and headed out.

Amy was already in the mall parking lot when I got there. I quickly found a parking spot near her car and got out at the same time she did.

“How are you feeling?” she asked me, giving me a little smirk.

“Well, the waistband of my jeans is digging into my bladder, and I haven’t peed for about 10 hours at this point,” I told her. “So pretty good so far.”

She chuckled and we headed inside together.

“I was thinking we should get some coffee,” Amy suggested.

“That sounds...great,” I replied. The mere thought actually made my bladder twinge, but wasn’t that the whole point?

My heart rate sped up once I got the piping hot cup of coffee in my hands. “What do we do next?”

I asked Amy, hoping she had a plan or at least some direction to take me in.

“Let’s sit down for a little bit,” she smiled. “We have plenty of time to enjoy our coffee.”

I followed Amy to a bench and sat down next to her. Immediately my bladder protested and I began to wonder how much longer I would last.

I crossed my legs as nonchalantly as I could manage, but Amy seemed to take notice. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her watching me. I squirmed uncomfortably, but I couldn’t deny it was hot.

We drained our coffee cups and Amy suggested we take a lazy stroll around the mall, taking our time to stop and look at whatever caught our eye.

At first I enjoyed myself. It was just like a regular old girls’ shopping trip, like we had every once in a while. Right about now, I would probably start looking for the nearest bathroom, but I wouldn’t consider it an emergency.

This time, however, the idea that I wasn’t going to be able to stop and use a normal bathroom made me even more desperate and aware of every sensation in and around my bladder.

Walking at the slow, leisurely pace Amy had set didn’t make it any better. I was tempted to ask her if we could speed up, but I already knew what the answer would be.

“Let me know when you think the coffee starts to hit your bladder,” Amy said quietly. “I have a cute little clothing store I want to show you. It just opened up a couple of months ago and I went to it on opening day and loved it.

I nodded. “I’ll let you know. I...kind of already have to pee a lot, but I don’t think the coffee’s gone through me yet.’’ I bit my lip and decided to go for it. “Do you think we could walk a little faster though? It’s hard for me to hold when we walk so slowly.”

“No, we’re not going to walk any faster. This pace is just fine. If you can’t hold well enough with what you’re doing right now, you need to find other ways. Use your hand or press your legs together.”

Color rose in my cheeks and I felt unusually warm. I could also feel a wetness spreading around my pussy lips, but I knew it wasn’t pee. I hadn’t leaked quite yet.

We strolled around the mall for what felt like hours. The enjoyment had long since worn off and I was now feeling full and weighed down in my lower abdomen. All I wanted to do was release the enormous pressure, but if I did that, I was going to wet my pants in the middle of a busy mall.

“Hey, Amy?” I lowered my gaze so I didn’t have to look at her.

“What is it, Olivia?”

“I think the coffee’s hit. I have to pee super badly. I can hardly stand up straight anymore.”

I could hear the smile in Amy’s voice when she said: “Perfect. Let’s go to that little boutique store. It’s clear at the other end, though, so we’re going to have a pretty big walk.”

My heart skipped a beat. I honestly wasn’t sure I could walk across the mall anymore. By the time we got there, I was surely going to have a terrible time trying to hold on.

On the way to the store, we passed by the food court again. Amy got distracted and halted in her steps, causing me to stop and dance around. I wanted to hold myself so badly, but I just couldn’t bring myself to do that in a place crowded with strangers. Not yet.

“Hey, look, there’s a juice bar in the food court.”

Amy pointed and I looked in that direction. “Wanna stop and get something?”

“I... would love to,” I replied. “That’s just what I need right now.” I had a feeling that even if I said no, Amy would have made me get something anyway.

We got our juice and continued on our way. As we walked, I let my eyes linger on the sign for the women’s bathrooms in this part of the mall.

“You know what?” Amy said, pulling me away from my fantasies of emptying my full bladder into the porcelain toilet bowl. “I have to pee really fast. Why don’t we take a super quick stop off at the ladies’ room since it’s right here?”

My heart sank. “I’ll just wait outside for you.”

“No, come into the bathroom with me.”

I took a deep breath and headed into the bathroom with Amy. There were several empty stalls, making me want to run into one, slam the door shut, and rip my jeans down while a torrent of piss flooded out of me.

I waited by the sinks as Amy entered one of the stalls. A few seconds later I heard the sound of her pee stream hitting the water and I had no choice but to cross my legs tightly.

She exited the stall with a relieved look on her face and washed her hands at the sink I was standing near. The water flowing from that didn’t help my predicament much either.

“Amy?” I whispered, swaying back and forth.

“Yeah?”

“Can I pee?”

“No.” Her answer was firm, but still, I pleaded in futility.

“Please? I don’t think I can hold much longer without a leak, and I’ll still get desperate again soon with all the coffee and juice-”

“I already told you no. And you’re not going to leak either, because you’re stronger than that. A little coffee and juice shouldn’t push you that far.”

“But-” I was about to protest and remind her that I was holding all my pee from sleeping last night, but I closed my mouth when I noticed someone glance over at me.

I shifted in place again while I waited for Amy to dry her hands. She was taking an agonizingly long time, and I knew it was because she was intentionally trying to draw this time in the bathroom out.

If she was trying to make me feel more desperate, it was working. There was a permanent tingling sensation in my bladder, which was so full, I was worried about making any sudden movements or stretching it out in any way.

###

When we finally got to the little store in the mall that Amy was so determined to make it to, I told her I had to sit down for a little bit.

“If I don’t, I’m gonna leak,” I hissed in her ear. I regretted being so snappy with her, especially when I heard her response.

“I didn’t give you permission to sit, Olivia. I was going to allow you to sit for a minute if you asked nicely, but just for demanding it, you don’t get to sit at all.”

I sighed and let my hand wander onto my thigh where I could easily press it into my pussy in an emergency. I wanted to hold myself more than anything else right now, but the store we were in was tiny and no matter where I stood, I had a clear view of the cashier - which meant she could see me as well.

I kept shuffling around the store since moving was the only thing keeping me from leaking when I was standing up. I was hunched over ever-so-slightly now, and I knew there was no way I could stand up straight again with my bladder this full.

“Stop moving so much,” Amy directed me. “You need to act more casual.”

I furrowed my brow. “Okay,” I said hesitantly. “I think I’ll leak if I stop potty dancing though.”

Amy gave me a mildly surprised look. “Already? Come on, Olivia. You can hold way longer than this without leaking. What about last week when we were at the park?”

She had somewhat of a point, but I hadn’t been holding in a night’s worth of urine then either. Still, I sucked it up and forced myself to stand still for a few seconds, pretending to look at the items on display even though I couldn’t focus on them at all.

It took all my willpower to not shift my weight from foot to foot, knock my knees together, or step back and forth, but I managed not to leak. The pee felt like it was right at my pee hole and if

I made even one wrong move, I was sure some of it would come out no matter how hard I tried to keep it at bay.

“Isn’t this cute?” Amy held up a skirt so I could see it.

“Yeah, I like the color,” I replied, taking my mind off my aching bladder for just a second.

“I bet it would look good with a belt.” Amy walked over to a rack of belts and picked one out before heading back to where I stood. “Why don’t you try these on? There’s a fitting room right over there.”

My heart pounded. Amy knew full well I couldn’t handle taking off these tight jeans only to replace them with a skirt and a belt cinched around my waist, and then take it off again.

“But, Amy, what if I leak on the skirt?” I asked softly. “I would be way too embarrassed to explain that to the cashier.”

“If you leak on the skirt, we can just buy it and not say a word about the incident to the cashier if you’re that uncomfortable with it,” Amy told me.

I breathed a sigh of relief.

“Of course, it’s a skirt, so it’s unlikely that you will somehow get piss on it,” she continued. “Now, get in the fitting room so we can try this skirt on.”

I took the skirt and belt from Amy and slid behind the curtain that opened into a small room with a bench and a floor-length mirror. I wished there were a door I could close and lock, but the curtain would have to do.

Amy slipped in with me, which was a tight squeeze. I had to press myself up against the wall while she got over to the bench where she could sit.

My bladder protested my movements by throbbing, and I had no choice but to shove my hand into my crotch and bend over.

“Amy, it hurts so badly,” I moaned, squeezing my eyes shut for a second.

“Stop holding yourself and take your jeans off,” Amy commanded, leaning back and folding her arms casually.

If only it were as easy as she made it sound.

I had more than a little difficulty just removing my hand, which I had so firmly planted between my legs in just a few seconds. It was doing most of my holding work for me, giving my tired, weakened muscles a much-needed break.

I squirmed around while I pulled my hand away, hoping I didn’t leak. I thought I felt a tiny drop, but I couldn’t be sure until I checked my panties, and first I had to get my jeans off.

Undoing the button on the waistband gave me a sense of relief like nothing else. It fully allowed my bladder bulge to expand, which relieved some of the pressure I’d been feeling for the better part of several hours.

Amy’s eyes widened for a second before returning to normal. I could tell she was surprised - or maybe impressed - at how much liquid I was holding.

When I pulled my leg up to take off one leg of my jeans, my knee pressed into my abdomen just enough to send alarm signals coursing through my pelvic region. I shuddered. The first leak was imminent, and I didn’t know how long I could hold it back.

“Keep going,” Amy pressed me.

I’d stopped just to prevent a spurt of pee from releasing, but I quickly got the other jeans leg off and threw them to the floor. I had no idea how I was going to get them back on, especially now that they were inside-out and would require both my hands to fix that.

The skirt had a waistband with a zipper down the side, which ordinarily would have been fine, but now I wished it had an elastic waistband instead. That would have been much more forgiving to my poor, bulging bladder.

Before I pulled the skirt up, I checked my panties for any leaks. They were already soaked through with my pussy juice, but it didn’t look like any pee had leaked out.

“Let me feel,” Amy said, standing up.

She paused like she was waiting for me to tell her it was okay, but I was more than ready to feel her fingers up against my throbbing pussy. My horniness had taken a backseat to my desperation all day and it felt good to indulge for a minute or two.

“That feels amazing!" I moaned as Amy slid her fingers back and forth across the damp gusset of my panties.

Amy smiled and slid her hand inside the panties, letting one finger brush across my clit with a feather-light touch.

I felt like I was going to melt right there. Or piss. As soon as the bliss started, it was cut into by Amy’s palm of her hand digging into my bladder, which was screaming for release at this point.

“Oh, no!” I doubled over and shoved my own hand inside my panties as Amy removed hers, pressing my fingers directly onto my pee hole.

Against the extreme amount of pressure I was using, a warm trickle of pee pushed past my fingers, dampening my hand.

“I just leaked,” I whispered to Amy, too embarrassed to look up.

Amy shook her head. “It’s too soon for that. Hurry up and get the skirt on so we can see what it looks like and get out of here.”

I shimmied the skirt up over my hips, struggling to keep my bladder under control. The movements I made to aid in pulling up the skirt helped, but it wasn’t enough anymore. Maybe an hour ago that would have worked great, but not now.

“Now the belt.” I zipped up the skirt, wincing, as Amy handed me the belt. I had no idea how I was supposed to add even more pressure to the bulge that felt on the brink of exploding, but I had to do it.

With a deep breath, I pulled the belt through the buckle and cinched it tight enough that it would stay up, but not so tight that I felt its effects. Amy gave me a displeased stare, cocking her head, and I knew what I had to do.

“Tighter?”

“Tighter.”

I pulled the belt even tighter around my waist, pressing my legs together and bouncing up and down as I did so. It sent shooting pains through my bladder, which I was pretty sure was a final signal that I was seconds away from having a big leak.

“Amy, it’s going to come out!” I breathed, dancing all around the tight little space we were sandwiched in.

Amy didn't look nearly as panicked as I felt -and probably looked too - only giving a subtle nod of her head to indicate that she’d heard me.

“You can take the skirt off now. I think we’re ready to move on to the next part of our day.”

“Next part? How many parts are there?” I asked breathlessly, trying to yank the skirt down at the same time as I undid the belt.

“However long it takes you to piss yourself,” Amy reminded me. “Don’t think of that as a way out of this full bladder torture, though. I expect you to hold to your absolute limits.”

I nodded my head quickly. “I know. And I’m willing to do that, I just - I don’t know how much longer I can keep going once that first leak happens.”

###

The aforementioned first leak came when I had the skirt off and was wrestling with my jeans, which seemed to have a mind of their own. I was preoccupied with the thought of how on earth they were going to squeeze over my bladder bulge, and since I was using both hands to flip them right-side-out, I couldn’t use my fingers as a physical barrier.

I dropped the jeans and gasped when a tiny stream of pee welled up at the gusset of my panties and streamed down my leg, making the faintest hiss.

“Amy!” I whispered hoarsely, looking down shocked at the river on my bare leg.

“Stop it,” Amy said calmly. “You’re not allowed to pee in here.”

I tried as hard as I could to obey Amy, but I couldn’t exactly convey her command to my bladder and have it listen as well.

I used my hand to press up against my pee hole, stopping the piss from coming out. It hurt like crazy and made me shiver, but nothing else could possibly work. Holding back the flood required more than just willpower and my pelvic muscles.

“I don’t know how I’m supposed to get my jeans back on,” I whimpered, staring at the crumpled pile of denim on the floor.

Amy crossed her arms and appeared to be thinking. “Just be quick about it,” she finally said. “Whatever leaks happen will happen no matter what, and if your jeans get wet, you’re the one who has to walk around in public.”

I bit my lip. I’d all but forgotten about the fact that I would leave this mall soaking wet and nothing could hide that wetness on my jeans. People were going to know what I had done. I just wasn’t quite ready to make it so obvious, especially when we had who knows how long left walking around the mall.

“I’ll do it!" I said determinedly. “I’ll get my jeans on without leaking.”

I looked up at Amy for approval and she gave me a slight smile. “You’ve got this.”

I stamped my feet up and down in place and tried to bend over enough without pressing into my bladder. I finally got one leg on and pulled it up quickly so that I could work on the other one.

Somehow I managed to pull them all the way up without not even one drop of urine leaking out. The real difficulty now was buttoning up the pants, which hardly fit with my bladder bulge.

I tried to hook the button while not pushing into my bladder, but it just wouldn't connect. The bulge was too big.

“Keep trying!" Amy encouraged me.

I had no choice but to push hard into my abdomen, letting the tight waistband dig into the bulge. Instantly, a hot, wet rush of pee filled my already-soaked panties. I took a sharp intake of breath and my eyes darted down to the crotch of my jeans.

Did it show through on the denim?

Amy raised an eyebrow. “Did you leak?”

I nodded, still checking for any visible wet spots. “I don’t think it’s shown through yet.”

“Let’s go,” Amy said.

I was still trying to get myself under control. I was beyond flustered now, but I gave my pussy a reassuring squeeze with one hand and pushed the curtain back. I waddled out the door of the shop with Amy behind me, no longer caring if anyone saw me holding myself or walking funnily.

Once we were back in the crowded mall, I stopped and turned to Amy. “Can I hold myself with my hand?” I asked timidly, hoping no stranger was near enough to hear what I said.

“You can hold yourself now,” Amy nodded. “Will you leak if you don’t?”

“I’m pretty sure I will,” I replied, rubbing my thighs together. It was pure torture to stand without moving.

“Let’s see,” Amy said, looking at the map that showed the layout of the mall. “Is there anywhere you want to go?”

“Home,” I said without thinking. “I wanna go home so I can pee.”

Amy crossed her arms. “Not yet. Remember, we’re not leaving here with you dry.”

“Yeah, I remember. Um...let’s go to the food court. I’m thirsty.”

“Are you sure?”

“Of course I am. My bladder is so full, but it’s not at its max yet. I think I can speed up the process with some soda or something.”

Amy was more than happy with that plan, so we took off toward the food court again. I walked through the mall with my hand pressed firmly on the outside of my jeans. Having that extra pressure on my pee hole helped, but nothing could help the extreme fullness and burning that I felt throughout my abdomen.

I almost wanted to leak, just to relieve some of the pressure and feel better. But I couldn’t. Amy hadn’t given me permission and she wouldn’t be pleased if I did it on purpose or allowed it to happen. I didn’t want to have to endure any punishment with my bladder in this condition.

One soda later and I couldn’t stop squirming anymore. I was ready to pop, I was holding so much. My bladder was constantly aching and if I were to press into my rock-hard abdomen, I would’ve leaked - or worse.

“Amy, I think-” I cut myself off and stopped short in the middle of the mall, my eyes widening as I looked down.

I had just spurted a big leak. There was no turning back now. The dam was broken.

“What’s wrong?” Amy asked as her own gaze lowered to the crotch of my jeans. “Oh.” We both watched the small river of piss darken the lightblue denim before Amy spoke up again. “Stop leaking right now.”

“Amy, I can’t!” I protested.

“Do it. If you can stop it without using your hand, I’ll take you to a bathroom.”

I perked up. A bathroom? Deep down I knew there had to be some sort of catch, but I would do anything to get that close to a toilet and subsequent relief.

I clenched my muscles as tightly as I possibly could, screwing my face into a grimace as I did so. Any number of strangers could have been staring at me and it wouldn’t have mattered. I was willing to do everything I could to not wet my pants right here, right now.

The stream of pee slowly turned into a trickle before drying up completely. I knew it was only a matter of time before another leak occurred, or a full-on wetting, but for a minute or two at least, I was safe.

“I stopped,” I whispered in Amy’s ear.

“Let’s get you to the nearest bathroom, then,” Amy whispered back. Her breath tickled the soft skin on my ear and sent a shiver through me.

I couldn’t wait to see how this excursion ended.

I shuffled to the closest bathroom, which was right next to the food court. Amy walked in front since she would have gone slower than molasses if she stayed behind me. With my bladder at its bursting point, I couldn’t even separate my thighs to take tiny steps.

###

Instead of leading me to the women’s bathroom, Amy darted into the family bathroom and beckoned for me to follow her. I raised one eyebrow, but I was in no position to start asking questions, so I followed her inside and she shut and locked the door behind her.

I bounced in place, burying my hands into my crotch. “Can I pee now?” I whimpered, ready to get down on my knees and beg if that was what it took.

Amy shook her head. “Of course not. That wet spot on your pants isn’t visible enough. I want you to keep holding and keep leaking while you look at the toilet. Imagine what it would feel like to rip your jeans down, sit on the toilet, and just let it all go.”

I closed my eyes and sighed. It did sound good. In fact, it sounded amazing.

Before I knew it, there was a steady hiss coming from my jeans. I didn’t want to stop it this time. I wanted to let it flow, but I opened my eyes to see what Amy’s face looked like.

She was watching the piss running down my pants intently, but when she noticed me looking at her, she frowned.

“Are you just going to stand there and wet yourself?” she asked. “Because that’s unacceptable. You can’t give up this easily.”

I nodded and steeled myself to stop this enormous leak happening. I had to use my hand this time. My muscles were beyond the point of being able to stop any leaks. They were simply too tired and there was too much liquid to physically hold back anymore.

"Amy, may I take off my pants?” I asked quickly once it became apparent that I would need more direct contact to my pee hole.

“You may.”

With Amy’s approval, I shoved my jeans down, stepped out of them, and kicked them to the side. At the same time, I pressed my finger onto my pee hole. Instantly, it was slick with my pussy juices. I was desperate for more than just peeing. I needed someone to touch me, to make me come. I’d been waiting all day for this moment.

Little spurts managed to make it past my finger, but for the most part, I had successfully stemmed the big, constant leak. My bladder and pee hole throbbed, along with my pussy, which was pink and swollen and ready to be taken care of.

I looked up a little and saw Amy rubbing her own thighs together. She’d already peed earlier, so she probably wasn’t desperate.

“Let me help,” she said suddenly, stepping closer to me.

I forced myself to stand still while Amy slipped her hand onto my pussy, pressing it there for a second. Warmth spread throughout me. I would’ve relaxed entirely if I wouldn't have meant an explosion of piss.

“I’m so desperate,” I breathed, and Amy nodded.

“I know. You’re a good girl for waiting this long, though. I promise you’ll be rewarded for it.”

I let out a shaky exhale. “Please let me piss,” I begged softly, lowering my head till I could see Amy’s hand pressed up against my pussy.

Amy gently pushed my finger aside, causing a big burst of pee to shoot out. She quickly placed her own finger over my tingling pee hole. I shuddered and squeezed my legs together, enjoying the burst of electricity that ran through my body as Amy’s palm brushed against my clit.

It pulsated from the touch and response, Amy pushed her hand up against it harder. I couldn’t take much more. If she kept this up, I was going to come in no time.

“Can you hold any longer?” Amy asked, rubbing her finger against my pee hole.

I shook my head, a spurt of pee acting as my response. The warm urine covered Amy’s finger and she smiled.

Finally, she said the magic words: “You can go now.”

I let out another shaky breath and relaxed. Almost immediately, hot pee gushed out of my pee hole, breaking past Amy’s finger and hand, and pooled onto the tile floor beneath us. I didn’t care if it splashed on my feet or clothes. I didn’t care about anything other than the relief that washed over me and the pressure Amy was providing my needy, soaking wet pussy and clit.

As I peed, Amy pushed first one finger, then two, into my pussy. They slid in with no effort, I was so wet.

“Oh, God, Amy,” I hissed, throwing my head back and enjoying the moment.

I finished peeing while Amy hastily took off her pants and shirt before helping me with my shirt. Now that we were wearing only our panties and bras - in a public bathroom no less - she pressed herself closer to me and kissed me on the lips.

We stayed locked like that for a solid minute, my pussy and wet panties still dripping pee once in a while. With her lips still against mine and her tongue roaming inside my mouth, Amy backed me up and pushed me against the wall. She reached behind me and unhooked my bra, letting it fall to the floor.

Her hands roamed my tits, squeezing them and making me moan. I hoped this bathroom had thick walls, because if anyone outside in the mall heard us, I would be mortified.

I told myself to forget the fact that we were fucking in a public bathroom in the middle of the day and just relax. In a way, it was thrilling. And having Amy take control of me the way she did made me even wetter and more desperate for her touches.

She sucked on my nipples with her soft, plump lips, making them hard and sensitive to every little thing she did. I would’ve done anything she asked me to. I even would have pissed myself again or held for hours at a time just to please her, just to let her have control over me.

Amy trailed her kisses and nibbles down my belly, over where my bladder bulge had been just minutes ago, until she reached the waistband of my panties. She pulled away and I groaned my displeasure.

“Don’t stop,” I moaned.

“I’ll do what I want,” Amy replied dismissively.

“Be patient, Olivia. Good things are worth waiting for. Haven’t you learned that today?”

She pulled a hair tie off her wrist and threw her long, dark hair into a messy ponytail. Once her hair was back, she reached behind me, placed a hand on my ass, and ran one finger under the string of my thong, pulling on it before letting it snap back.

I couldn’t keep myself from vocalizing my pleasure loudly, despite the lingering fear that strangers might hear.

Amy tore my panties down, leaving me completely naked, my freshly shaved and still damp with piss pussy exposed.

Her tongue found my clit and flicked over it, sending me into pure heaven. She was right. It was worth waiting for.

I arched my back to give Amy better access to my pussy, pressing my shoulder blades into the wall. I had to remind myself to keep breathing as she worked her way down my pussy lips, sliding her tongue over the slick folds.

“You taste so good,” she told me as she pulled away for a breath of fresh air. “I love pussy still dripping piss.”

“Mmm,” I moaned, wriggling my hips in an effort to get her warm, expert tongue back on my clit.

She teased me by circling around my clit several times before finally putting the pressure of her tongue on it again.

“Amy,” I whimpered, “I’m so close.”

The mere touch of my clit sent me right to the edge. I was going to come whether she was ready for me to or not.

“Wait,” she demanded, and I forced myself to hold on just a few seconds longer. I could hold my pee for hours for her; surely I could hold back an orgasm for a minute.

I clenched my jaw as I tried my best to ignore Amy’s warm breath on my sensitive skin, her electrifying touch on my clit.

I waited for the words I needed to hear: “Come for me.”

I didn’t try to hold back any longer. I relaxed, let out a long exhale, and let my body do what it wanted to do so badly.

My muscles contracted, sending bursts of pleasure through me. I balled up my fists and tried to keep my moans quiet. I didn’t want the whole world to know I was climaxing, although my mind was fuzzy enough that it didn’t seem too bad anymore.

Amy pulled her face away from my pussy, which was still throbbing from the most intense orgasms of my life. She pressed her naked, sweaty body up against me and I felt the wetness from her own pussy touch my skin.

She rubbed her hips up and down against me, the friction making her moan louder and louder.

I reached down and found her soaking wet pussy, rubbing my hand across it and through her pussy lips before letting a finger slip inside her.

“More, more,” she cried, bucking her hips wildly against me.

I obliged, fingering her until she came hard, laying her body against me as she gasped. My fingers felt her pussy pulsating from her orgasm and used my free hand to bring her head up to mine.

We stood there and kissed for another minute. She brushed a hand against one of my flushed cheeks, pushing my hair behind my ear and cupping it around my jawline. It was everything

I needed after such a stimulating day. I couldn’t have asked for it to end in a better way, but I was still sad it had to come to an end at all.

“Don’t you worry,” Amy told me as we tugged our clothes back on. “We’ll do something like this again - and soon, I promise.”

I smiled. “I can’t wait.”

I deliberated what to do about my cold, damp panties, and Amy suggested just throwing them out.

“They won’t be comfortable now that they’re cold,” she explained. “It’ll feel better to just go without them.”

“You speak as if you’ve had experience,” I said, a smile playing on my face.

“Sometimes accidentally, but mostly on purpose.” Amy gave me a wink.

We headed out of the bathroom, me feeling more relieved than I could have imagined, and walked toward the exit of the mall.

Everyone around us was minding their own business. No one gave us so much as a glance as we left the bathroom. I couldn’t be sure that we’d gotten away with fucking in there, but it seemed like it was all good.

Suddenly, I stopped dead in my tracks and turned to Amy, a smirk on my face.

“What is it?” Amy asked.

“I think I have to pee again,” I confessed.

Amy stifled a laugh. “I guess your bladder is worn out.”

“I think it is,” I replied.

“How long will you be able to hold it?”

I shrugged. “I don’t know. I’m already kind of desperate.”

“You know, I’m actually pretty thirsty.” Amy turned on her heel. “Why don’t we get some more coffee and hang out here a little longer? We deserve it.”

I paused as I remembered that I didn’t even have panties to help contain the leaks, no matter how wet they were.

Then I looked down at my jeans. They still had wet streaks on them, but unless someone looked closely, they probably wouldn’t have noticed. Part of me had wished they were wetter and more obvious, and this was the perfect opportunity to get them soaked. I wanted people to see what I had done. I wanted to feel well and truly ashamed of my childish accident.

“Sounds great,"’ I said, giving her a knowing look.

I took a moment to cross my legs and get my desperation back under control before following Amy to the food court for more liquid to fill my bladder up with.
