Friends: Part 2

By Fred (2007-05-08) V#18570

Thanks for all the positive feedback for Part 1. These stories were written about ten years ago when I had lots more free time 

Hope you enjoy part 2(really I should have called them Story 1, and story 2 etc as they are separate tales), feedback and story ideas welcomed

Friends 2 (contains humiliation, forced  wetting and forced gs...but everyone makes up in the end)

Rachel was seething with jealousy, Ross was still seeing Bonnie despite the hair-shaving Rachel had talked her into. Now Bonnie’s hair had grown back and she was as sexy as ever. Rachel was determined to get even with Bonnie, as she saw it., and now she had an idea to really humiliate her. 

Bonnie, meanwhile , was still blissfully unaware of Rachel’s animosity and so was delighted to receive an invite to a girls only night at Rachel’s. She put on her tight blue jeans, and a low cut white t-shirt. No bra, and a pair of lime green  panties, and headed out the door.

“So” said Rachel, “You know what to do” , Monica and Phoebe nodded. Anything to help out Rachel, and besides it would be fun. As Rachel rushed about preparing Monica leaned over and whispered to Phoebe…

Rachel really was the perfect host. Every time Bonnie’s glass was even one third empty, she would fill it up. And Bonnie willingly accepted, as all the nibbles seemed to be very salty ones. She gulped down yet another glass of coke. Monica winked at Rachel.

A few minutes later Bonnie started to fidget slightly, “Can I use your bathroom?” she asked Phoebe..

“Oh sure” came the reply, “Do you mind if I nip in first, I really have to go”

“No…sure go ahead” said Bonnie, somewhat non-plussed. But she’d be fine for a minute or so.

Phoebe went in, locked the door and slipped off her flowing long skirt and black knickers. She relaxed and wee-d , feeling that sense of delicious release.

Then she prepared to draw on her acting skills.

“Hey, the lock won’t budge” she yelled.

“Really,” said Monica. “Give it a good pull”

“Well, I’m trying”

“Ok,” said Rachel, “I’ll call the fire brigade”

“Oh no, Is she really stuck?” said Bonnie, crossing her legs

“Seems that way” said Monica

“Only I have to go really bad”

“Well, don’t panic” said Monica, “Joey and Chandler are cool, if Phoebe hasn’t got out in a few minutes we’ll use their bathroom. Meanwhile relax, and have another glass of wine”

“Thanks” said Bonnie, “You guys are cool,.., here’s to good friends” and she downed her glass.

At the other side of the room Rachel held the phone close to her mouth, while Monica talked to Bonnie. “Hello Joey” she whispered.

“Hey, you know you’ve been trying to get a flash of my boobs since we moved in..well, all you gotta do is when we ring on your bell in a few minutes, don’t answer the door, …yes I promise, Bye bye”

She returned to the sofa, “the fire brigade will take at least 45 mins” she said, “low priority”

“I really don’t want to use the guys’ bathroom, it’d be embarrassing” thought Bonnie, “I’ll hang on as long as poss, maybe Phoebe’ll get the lock loose.”

A few minutes later she knew she had no choice, “I have to go now or I’ll wet myself” she confided to Monica .

Bonnie took gentle steps over to the guys room. She stood legs crossed tightly while Rachel rang the bell.

“They must be in” wailed Bonnie “There’s a light on and music playing”

“But they leave them on when they go out so burglars are fooled”

“Oh No!” wailed Bonnie, and waited hoping against hope someone would answer the door.

They returned to the girls’ apartment where Bonnie yelled “Please Phoebe try, try, I…” but her concentration had been broken and there was no going back..

“Oh God it’s happening, I’m  wetting myself”

Monica and Rachel instantly fixed their eyes on the crotch of her blue jeans, and suddenly they saw the tell-tale damp patch appear and begin to spread and spread. Bonnie felt a cascade of hot golden wee soak through her knickers and into her jeans. The sensation was pleasant and the relief amazing, but she was too embarrassed to notice.

She fumbled frantically with her button fly, as Monica and Rachel fought back giggles and pee continued to ruin her lovely jeans. She finally got it undone, pulling her jeans down to reveal to the ardent spectators her skimpy green  panties, a very dark green around the crotch and the sight of wee cascading out thru the bottom of the  panties onto the legs of her jeans, and then ,as she tried to step out of them, onto her bare legs. Rachel and Monica were transfixed, she really had needed to go.

At this moment Ross knocked and entered. “Hi girls i.., Oh my!” he gasped.

Rachel gasped with delight, it couldn’t have been more perfect. Bonnie just went redder than a beetroot. “ I’m so sorry , I’m so sorry” she kept repeating as the wee continued to stream forth.

“But why?” said Ross , 

“Phoebe’s locked in the bathroom” she stammered.

“But to wet yourself”, that’s so childish” he said, “I’ll be at the flat” and turned and left.

Bonnie’s stream had become a trickle now, and finally it stopped. Her  panties were ruined , soaked through, and she just wanted to find Ross.

“I’m so sorry she said again” , pulled up her warm wet jeans and ran out of the door.

“A classic” said Rachel, “you can come out now Phoebe” she yelled.

“Great, I .., oh no the door really is stuck” came the reply, call the fire brigade”

“You’re kidding” said Rachel

“I’m not, I’m bored stiff in here, why would I stay a minute longer”

“I’ll call for help” said Monica and ran to the phone, “I hope they *won’t* take 45 mins, cause I have to go” she said, and dialed.

“Hey Joey” she whispered, “I’ll show you my boobs too, if you don’t answer the door when we ring in a couple of mins”. She hung up

“An hour they reckon, as there’s no-one in danger. I have to go..”

“Go next door” said Rachel, so Monica went through the formality.

“Locked” she said. “I gotta go Rachel, and I’m not ruining my clothes. Get on the floor, I’ll use you”

“What?”

“You heard me, this was your stupid idea in the first place, I need a toilet and you’ll have to do”

“There is no way…” began Rachel

“Or I could just tell Ross all about what you did, I’m sure he’d want to get back with you then”

Rachel lay on the floor resignedly, her fluffy white sweater and short , blue-dotted skirt seemed in imminent danger.

“Now open wide” said Monica locking the apartment door and undoing her black skirt and removing her white cotton  panties.

Rachel opened her mouth and Monica unleashed a torrent of golden piss straight into Rachel’s open mouth, which quickly filled with the lovely drink.

While Rachel swallowed, Monica treated Rachel to a free hair wash, the do which took ages to get right, was quickly ruined by the golden shower. Another mouthful for Rachel, and then the sweater had it’s turn, taking the liquid deep into the fibres to really ruin it, Monica was so turned on.

More of the hot, salty beverage filled Rachels’ mouth, and then she felt her thin delicate skirt being drenched, and sticking to her skin. 

Monica thoughtfully helped Rachel remove her makeup, with a steady burst over Rachel’s face, some more for her to drink, and then she sprayed Rachel’s bare legs.

Having all those drinks had really paid off.

She gave Rachel a final free sample of her amber nectar, and then her stream became a trickle and stopped. Taking Rachel’s neckerchief she wiped herself, and then pulled up her  panties and skirt. Rachel got up slowly and went to change

About 10 mins later Phoebe emerged. “At last, I’ve managed to get free” she said, with a wink to Monica.

“I’ll call the fire brigade, tell them they’re not needed” Monica said and went to the phone. She dialled and whispered.

“Joey, it’s Monica, you can come and get your reward now”

5 minutes later there was a knock at the door, and Joey came in.

Rachel had changed into tight black jeans and a t-shirt, she hadn’t bothered with a bra as she knew Joey would come round sometime for his reward. Monica had taken off her white button down shirt and was only in a white bra. “I'll do this with you for solidarity” she said. “I’m sorry I was a bit over the top back there”

“Well thanks” said Rachel, “ I guess that’s what I get for being so mean to Bonnie” she said, “Thanks for your help with that, by the way”…

Joey stood in front of them and Rachel lifted her t-shirt, her large firm boobs flashed before his eyes and then the t-shirt was down again.

Monica unclipped her bra, flashed her small pert breasts, and then covered them with her shirt.

Joey beamed. “Thanks guys, though I still don’t understand” he said.., “Not that I’m complaining”

And finally several miles away Ross and Bonnie lay cuddling and kissing. “So you see” said Ross, “It really turned me on to see you  wetting yourself, don’t ask me why, but of course I couldn’t say that there, the girls would’ve been shocked. They’re quite innocent really. Now come here darling and let me kiss it all better.”

The End.
