Ashley's Pees Where She Wants Ch. 09
  Ashley finds out that making someone else pee can be fun too.
Author: Demospider (2013-07-30)

Ashley is a 19 year old high school student, one of the last in their school's grade 13 program which is now ending. She found a tablet she was able to translate and now she has the ability to control minds. She has used this power to fill her growing pee fetish she discovered one evening when she pissed into her 18 year old sister's favorite teddy bear.

Recently Ashley headed back over to Meghan's house to continue trying out her powers. She gave her all of Kevin's cum before using Meghan's tongue to please herself, during which she peed all over her pretty face.

###

It had been a very interesting weekend trying out her powers on Kevin, and certainly would not be the last. Ashley had enjoyed trying out her powers on him in different ways but couldn't help but keep thinking about her second trip to Meghan's place. The fact that she was starting to find her attractive made her wonder about whether she would feel the same thing toward others.

She was pondering this thought when she passed by the side hallway with the lost and found box. Being a bit curious she looked down the hallway and spotted Laura, another girl in Ashley's grade, standing in front of it opening the lid. Ashley watched from around the corner as Laura looked through the contents before reaching in and pulling out a small handbag.

"Ah, there you are!" Laura said to herself as she picked up the bag. But then she got a puzzled look on her face and she looked into the bag. She felt the bag and was shocked when she turned the open bag upside down to see a stream of liquid pour from her bag.

Ashley smiled as Laura dropped the bag back into the box. "Ewe what happened! It's like somebody peed all over my bag." She turned to leave abandoning her bag. Laura was from a fairly well off family and Ashley had seen her with a few different handbags so it was not a huge surprise she might have abandoned the bag.

Laura had always seen herself as being above most of the other girls in the school because of her money and resources. She always had makeup on and nice clothes that were never untidy and she did her best to avoid getting them dirty. Right now she was wearing a nice pair of jeans that looked either new or well cared for. Seeing her alone in the side hallway gave Ashley an idea and she stepped into the side hallway to intercept Laura.

Laura started to walk past Ashley like she was not even there when Ashley called out to her "Stop right there."

She stopped and turned to Ashley. "What do you want, I have more important things to do than talk to you."

"Oh I am just trying to help you out here. You look thirsty. I think you should go get some water. In fact I have a few instructions to give you, and once I am done you will forget that I told you but follow them unconsciously."

Laura went into a trance staring at Ashley as she gave her the instructions, programming the girl to her will. "You will get a drink at a fountain every chance you get. You will not see any of the bathrooms in the school or remember where they are. Once you really start needing to go you will not notice anymore how much you need to pee and go about your day normally. You will only notice how much you need to go and where the bathrooms are once it is too late to make it, just before you lose control." Ashley gave her a few more minor instructions before sending her on her way, not even remembering having run into Ashley that day.

Ashley watched as immediately Laura headed around the corner and spent a couple minutes at the nearby fountain. "This is going to be an interesting day" Thought Ashley.

The first class of the day went by normally. The two girls didn't share a class first period on Mondays so Ashley would have to wait until next period to see Laura again. Ashley hoped that Laura would make it that long. It was a bit of a distraction thinking about it all class but she managed to make it without missing anything important.

Class ended and Ashley headed over to her second class that day. She waited at the door as some of the student's started arriving. The door was closed since there wasn't a class in this room yet and they had to wait for the teacher to arrive to open it.

Finally she saw Laura arrive and head to the fountain. Ashley watched Laura drink from the fountain. She was shifting back and forth subtly as she drank. Laura stood up and hobbled over to Ashley. "Could you tell me where the washrooms are. " Ashley smiled inwardly as she glanced up at the washroom door right next to the fountain. "I can't seem to remember where they are for some reason, and I really need to; I need; something? I can't remember. What were we talking about?"

The teacher, Mr. Williams, finally arrived and the students walked into the room in time for class to start. Ashley was glad her desk was a couple seats back in the row next to where Laura sits. They took their seats and the Teacher began class with a lecture on a new subject.

Ashley could hardly think about the lecture as she kept checking on Laura. Watching Laura was quite entertaining, seeing her fidgeting her legs and bouncing in her seat showing her desperation under the desk while everything above the desk looked normal, completely unaware of her current need.

Ashley's heart began beating harder and harder with excitement as she could see Laura's growing need to pee, all the while unaware of the approaching moment where her control would be inevitably lost. By the time the teacher finished his lecture she was pushing her left hand into her crotch, while writing notes with the other.

At this point even a couple of the other students noticed her visible desperation. Mr. Williams had not however and proceeded with class. He was just about to give out a handout when he realized he didn't have enough copies. "Sorry class, it appears I needed to make a few more copies of this note. Please bear with me and I will go make a few more right now. Everyone else can look over the information on the board or read the relevant chapter in your notebook.

He gave out the few copies he had, one of which made its way to Laura who started looking it over and writing her name on it. Under the table her hand pressed her jeans in and out, up and down, and circled between her legs. Her physical desperation grew and grew as her unconscious fought hard to keep from wetting her pants while her conscious remained blissfully unaware. Laura started breathing heavily as she unknowingly stimulated herself.

The teacher had been away for about five minutes when Laura's hand suddenly stopped all motion. She gasped and her eyes went wide as she suddenly noticed that she needed to get to a bathroom more than she ever had in her entire life. "Oh no." she quietly said to herself in panic.

She massaged herself a little more but that had already lost all effect. Her muscles started giving out as a first spurt left her body and soaked into her jeans. Laura looked down quickly and saw a small wet spot on her pants. She was confused how she could have not noticed it until now.

Laura tried her best to keep her composure as she stood up from her seat, though a few students nearby had some idea what was happening. They didn't know why of course; only Ashley knew that. Laura started walking down the aisle in an attempt to look calm when the last reserves of her strength ran out. She bent over putting her hand on a boy's desk in the front row getting his attention.

"No, no, no, this can't be happening!" Laura thought as she just couldn't hold it anymore. Her piss poured out of her strongly and a very visible wet spot quickly grew and streaked down Laura's leg. By now all the student's nearby knew what was happening. Laura's pee was being pushed through the jeans so hard it was audible to Ashley a few chairs back.

Laura was getting the attention of all the student's not totally engrossed in their work so Ashley felt safe enough to put her hand down under her skirt to do her own massaging as she watched Laura wet herself in front of the whole class. More and more people looked to see what was happening as they noticed others looking at the girl standing bent over near the front of the class.

Trying her best to avoid all eye contact Laura just stood there too overwhelmed with the situation to get herself out of the room. Her pee soaked a trail down both legs of her pants, hissing through the crotch of her jeans. As the trails reached the bottom of her pant legs they began dripping down the sides of her pants and running down her ankles. Her socks and shoes began to soak with her pee and yellow puddles formed around her shoes.

Just as she seemed to be finishing the Mr. Williams arrived with the new copies. He looked at Laura then down at the puddles and obviously wet pants. "Miss Sinclair, this is a classroom for learning not a washroom. If you really need to go there is one just outside the door, there is no reason you couldn't make it in time."

"But I didn't know, I didn't notice, I, I..." Laura couldn't even respond she was so perplexed about how she could have allowed that to happen.

"I want to talk to you after class to discuss this, meanwhile if you have any gym clothes at the school I suggest you change into them now." Laura was bright red and holding back tears as she skulked out of the classroom trying in vain to cover her wetness by putting her hands in front of her crotch. Her shoes squished as she walked as they were wet with pee. Walking out the door the class could see how soaked her butt was.

Ashley couldn't continue thinking about the class and didn't want to miss this opportunity. She got up and told the teacher she was leaving. "Don't worry I'm allowed to leave now. I have something I need to do." Mr. Williams of course let her leave without question.

Walking through the door Ashley couldn't help but smile as the first thing she saw was Laura back at the drinking fountain. "Just keep drinking Laura, don't react to me at all." Ashley crouched near the fountain and looked closely at Laura's wet pants. She reached up and felt her crotch. They squished a little as she pressed into them with her hand. Ashley unzipped her fly and opened her pants so she could see her wet underwear underneath.

She had some nice looking underwear and Ashley wanted them for something. When Laura finished drinking Ashley led her into the washroom and into a stall. Ashley had Laura take off her pants and Ashley grabbed her underwear and pulled them off of her wet legs. "Now put your pants back on" Ashley instructed. Laura looked at the panties in Ashley's hand "without these on."

Now redressed Ashley put her hand on Laura's shoulder. She pushed her down onto her knees "just stay that way, you look so pretty with wet pants looking up at me from there." Ashley stepped up on the toilet and turned to Laura. Putting one foot on Laura's shoulder she continued "but I think you would look prettier if you were even wetter."

Laura looked like a wide eyed puppy up at Ashley. With Ashley's leg on her shoulder like that it was clear she didn't have any panties under her skirt. She knew what was about to happen and wanted to move but just couldn't bring herself to do anything but look at the dominant girl with the skirt.

Ashley angled herself back a little and soon a stream of yellow was falling from her skirt to splash Laura's face. With her body manipulation abilities Ashley was able to aim her stream with precision. Laura immediately closed her eyes on impact to protect them from the splashing .The stream of pee wet Laura's face and hair. The warm liquid then ran down her neck into her shirt.

As the stream weakened a little it arched down onto Laura's chest . Ashley moved a little to aim her stream across Laura's whole chest, lingering on her small amount of cleavage. As she started running out Ashley pushed most of the remainder of her pee into the other girl's underwear in her hand, rubbing herself a little as she did so.

As Ashley finished her pee she dropped back onto the floor. Laura stood up and Ashley looked her over. With her entire wardrobe wet with pee there was one more thing Ashley wanted her to do. The two of them then headed out of the bathroom and down the hallway.

Ashley took the girl to a random classroom making sure to check that there was a class inside. She gave Laura a few last instructions finishing with "and when you are done you will go to your next class and forget all about changing into those gym clothes. You will know you are wet but you will not do anything about it.

Laura followed Ashley's final instructions and took back her underwear into her hand. Ashley watched as she opened the door and walked into the random classroom. All eyes were on this strange girl walking into their classroom. Laura's eyes were scanning the room checking out all the guys. Picking out the one most attractive to her and moving before anyone could stop her she moved in close.

Laura held the wet panties up for him to see. "These are mine. You can have them though." She reached down under the desk and pulled on his pants with one hand as she stuffed the panties into the boy's pants with the other hand. With her hand still pressing the panties into his pants she pushed out what pee she was able to hold onto back in class. It briefly surged through her soaked crotch and dripped small puddles onto the floor.

Ashley watched from the door and rubbed herself to the scene. The teacher stood behind her trying to figure out how she should deal with the situation when Ashley headed into a nearby empty classroom. She sat in the teacher's chair and put a leg up onto the desk. With everything that she had seen and done that day she just couldn't wait any longer.

With her leg up on the desk her skirt fell back exposing her pussy and she rubbed it furiously. Ashley thought back on Laura's accident quite turned on at how she was able to bring the stuck up girl down by making her have such a big accident in the classroom. She got closer to orgasm thinking about how Laura looked as she was peed on in the bathroom stall. Ashley was just approaching her climax thinking about Laura walking into that classroom and stuffing her underwear into that boy's pants as she peed some more. Ashley managed to push out a small stream of pee into the teacher's chair as she came, calling out loudly to the empty classroom.

She was just sitting there enjoying the lingering feelings as a boy opened the door. "Are you all right in here?" Ashley recognized the boy as an 18 year old from one of Julia's classes but didn't know his name. He obviously heard her call out and thought it might have been pain or something. Ashley's leg was still up on the desk and he could see her still exposed pussy.

"Come in here. I want to know something." Ashley left her leg up and watched the boy obviously looking at her. "Tell me, have you ever had an accident before?"

"What kind of accident? Getting caught undressed?"

"No I mean peeing pants. Tell me if you have ever done that."

"Only once, as a kid." He was surprised he told her that but continued to look up and down from her face to her legs.

Ashley stood up straightening her skirt. "Sit down here; I want to see what it looks like when a boy has an accident. Guy's seem to have so much more control than girls that it's a bit unfair that guy's can just pinch it off if they need to."

He sat down in the chair and Ashley put her hands on his shoulders. Now it was time for her to eye him down there. She decided not to draw this one out; she just wanted to see this now so she just gave him one simple order. "Pee!"

"What? Why would I just..." the boy began but his reluctance was meaningless as without any intention on her part he began peeing forcefully. She smiled looking down at the wet spot forming on his pants.

Just as she thought unlike a girl the wet spot was forming a little below the middle of his pants. She watched his pee soak into his pants and then leak out into the chair wetting it even more. Ashley loved that she could do this pretty much any time she wanted and couldn't wait to think up new people to make do this.

As he finished wetting she reached down to his fly. "We may as well make it even, you saw mine after all." She unzipped his pants and pulled them open before having the boy stand for a moment and pulling his pants and underwear down to around his thighs. She put her own leg up on the arm of the chair and ordered him to lick her dry. Ashley watched him harden as his tongue made contact with her.

Before leaving the classroom she told him to stay there. "I think another class should be here in about 10 minutes. You can leave that position once somebody finds you." He was still quite visible and hard when she left the room. "Now who is going to get wet next?" She asked herself. She smiled as she passed a group of girls heading for the room she just left. "The incredible possibilities are almost too many to imagine."
