Stats Page

By Thomas (1999'12)

Can you hold your head up amongst these figures?

Email me then!

We want to hear about YOU!

I am trying to develop a page of Statistics of how long people all over the world can wait. If you have ever waited longer than you ought, I want to hear from you (and thousands of people access this page every month, some of whom will fit that criterion!) so please mail me.

More information like this appears on the Medical Advice page.

Below appear various people’s ‘records’ – those willing to be identified and with secure email access are clickable for emailing. I’d be grateful if you would cc any such responses to me as well.

Name Claimed Bests Having Personal 

 Time Quantity Time Drunk Height Weight  Waited Produced Emptying hours ml secs ml metres kilos

Example entry:

Anon female 23.25 1250 40 1320 1.50 58.5
Sally (age 9) 38.0 20 (a torrent, apparently)
Irene 36.0 1200
Nigel 36.0 1400 (Details)
Thomas (age 12/13) 36.0 1080
Wolfgang 35.5 (Background)
Rob Sonas 35.0 1850
Nathan (age 14) 34.0
Nathan (age 24) 32.0 1525
Jane (f age 19) 29.5 (Details) 2000 1.85 60.0
German female in lift 27.0
Old-friend of mine (m) 23.5
RolandÕs ex-girlfriend 20.5 100
Duane 20 1400
Jane (f age 19) 20 (Details) 60 1000 1.85 60.0
Nik 16.0 43.7 2200
Wildfire 15.0

Dave S 1980 (beating his previous bests of 1750 &  1550. Details)
Australian Prostitute 1600
Matthew 1550 (Details)
Jenine 1345 (Background)
Twinkie 1300 (Details)
Roland 1300
Robert 1250 (Measured after reading Wolfgang's  Bladder Training item)
Thomas (age 22) 1230 (Details)
Mike 1000 53 2000
Acquaintance of Mitch's (f) 800
Friend of Mitch's (f) 660 (claimed pain, as well as being capable of two pints)

Marc 103 (Details)

###

Note: The personal bests may not necessarily have been achieved in the same instance

Nigel: See his story (Desperation at first hand).

Dave S: See his story (***).
 
Wolfgang: Touring Tunisia I peed one night after the meal, went to sleep, did not void the morning after, drank some coffee as usual, visited the souks (shops) of Kairouan (where it would fairly have been impossible for a European to find a toilet open to the public except within hotels or tourist bars) went on a guided bus tour round the city by afternoon, went home to the campsite at night, did again not void and slept till early morning featuring a bladder, that seemed to reach up to my stomach from below...

###

Jane: Hi,

Here are some stats of mine,

19 year old female. Australian

Time waited: 29.5 Hours

Amount consumed: 1 3/4 litres of Coca-Cola 1/4 litre coffee.

Height: 6 foot 2 inches.

Weight: 60 Kg.

This E-Mail address is secure and i would like you to put it next to my name. Thankyou.

Jane (1): Thank you for replying to my letter re. the stats. In answer to your question about how I drank the coke and coffee, I drank it slowly but steadily throughout the 29 and a half hours. I was desperate from about the 15th hour, fidgety by about the 23rd hour and very desperate by the 27th hour and VERY VERY desperate when the 29th hour, to the point where I had my fists jammed in the region around my pee hole. It was half way through the 29 hour when I had the strongest push down from my bladder that I started to leak and I couldn’t stop it. So I ran to the toilet ( I was wearing a white crop top and aqua coloured mini skirt with no knickers on so if I did start leaking I would not damage anything) where I had set up a big two litre bottle of coke (empty) and a funnel and caught as much as I could in the funnel. I didn’t leak that much before I got to the bottle which was lucky!!!

I did this test about two weeks before you received my original email and I will be doing this again so expect some more stats and a true chronological breakdown before Christmas. :-)

Lots of love Jane.

P.S. My real name is Jane. I forgot to put this line at the end of my last Email so I hope it won’t be too hard to change the name on my link on your stats page.

Jane (2): Hi,

It's Jane here and you might remember me from your stats page (Dom) I have decided to write down an event which is happening to me at this moment. I am taking a day off my studies and relaxing. To set the scene I will tell you what I am wearing, a white crop top with no bra underneath, a light blue mini with no panties on so if I have an accident it wont damage any of my clothing, and a pair of sandals. It isn't a hot day but I like the feeling of bareness when no one else is home with me ;-)

Anyway, I have listed what is going on in me live!! I am not making it up or writing ahead. ( I wrote this starter at about 9:45am so we will see how I go!!! The numbers after the time coincide with the classification of desperation line on your mini survey page.

ENJOY.

5:30pm Sunday		0 (Last time that day I went to the toilet.)

9:00am Monday		2 (have thought about trying to hold it in as long as I can. No one else home!!)

9:30am			2.2 (just get back from milkbar after buying 2 litre bottle of Mountain Dew and start drinking it as fast as I can.)

10:00am			2.5 (half way through bottle of M.D. Started reading a book.)

10:30am			1.5 (finished drink and was lost in book and now don't really need to go)

11:00am			2.7 (Finish book and bladder reminds me how long it's been since I last peed and how much I have drunk.)

11:30am			hovering around 2.6.

12:00am			3.0 (decided I would hurry things up by drinking a beer mug full of strong hot coffee. we'll see what happens!!!)

12:30pm			3.3 (Coffee starting to take affect. Becoming harder to sit or stand still for any length of time. Started second beer mug full of coffee, that's right SECOND beer mug full, I really love torturing my body. Damn, starting to rain, better go and bring the clothswashing in, at least I can keep moving while pulling washing off the line)

12:50pm		3.8 (My boy friend Dom has busted me while I was bringing in the washing and I have spent the last 10 minutes bouncing around trying to explain to him what I am doing and who Thomas is and his reply was he guessed as much considering I hardly ever went to the toilet normally and was regularly fidgeting when we sat down to watch T.V. together. He says it turns him on seeing me desperate and gives me lots of encouragement in my effort today.)

1:00pm			4.5 (can't sit still and I've asked Dom to do the typing for me because I can't stay still long enough to type updates. just finished second cup of coffee, that stuff goes straight through me!!!)

1:10pm			4.8 (Jane started to yell at me to get the container ready to piss in because she doesn't think she can last much longer. It must be very hard for her because she hasn't stopped moving around the house and she has never yelled at me like that before. Still I am encouraging her to hold it longer for two reasons,

1. She has obviously tried hard to hold it in this long,

2. It's such a turn on!

1:15pm			5.0 (I encourage Jane to hold it till 1:30pm, she is madly clutching at herself and running around the room and she says her bladder really aches, says she probably wont make it till 1:30pm but will try her hardest)

1:20pm			5.1 (Jane asked me to pull her mini skirt off because she says it is getting in her way and she is "too busy" to take it off herself, who am I to argue ;-)

1:25pm			5.3 (Jane has just thrown herself down on my lap and says it's easier for her to sit down. She is fidgeting like mad and has asked me to whisper encouraging messages in her ears. She is literally jumping up and down on my lap fingering herself which makes typing very hard!)

1:29pm			5.5 (Jane squirted some pee and told me to carry her to the bathroom where I had set up the container, meanwhile Jane has her hand on her pee hole but says she is still holding onto the pee with her bladder muscles, not stopping it with her finger, I believe her!!!)

[This next bit isn't live because I was busy in the bathroom ;-)

1:30pm 			5.6 (Jane asks what the time is and I tell her she has done it, but I tease her by not putting her down and making her wait to get to the most valuable/important thing in her life at that time. She can see the container but can't get to it, I am so cruel!!!

1:31:30pm		(Jane pleads then screams at me to let her down and squirts some more pee, I slowly let her down and bring the container over to her.

1:32pm			(Jane lets out a real gusher at first and then steadies to a normal level, she pees for about one minute and produces just under 1000 mls of pee (1 litre is a very good effort!!!) The relief showing on her face was magical, she really deserved that pee!!

Dom speaking here: What a time/way to introduce me into watersports. I assure you I will force Jane to wait as long as she can more often and send you all the info!! All the best, Dom.

Jane speaking here: I am glad I introduced Dom into watersports, he has been my boyfriend for a few weeks and we have lived with each other for a couple of weeks now. I am sure we will challenge each other in the future and do some mad passionate love tonight. Quite possibly I might have a full bladder when we do... Bye bye for now, Jane.

----

Hi,

After taking a shower, I got a bit sweaty running and bouncing around, I felt a strong ache in my abdomen again, thinking it was just pain from stretching my bladder to far I tried to ignore it. Needless to say it didn't go away. this was at about 2:00pm

I told Dom about the pain and he told me something I had just worked out while i was telling him about the pain, and as my need to go increased, so did Dom's encouragement to hold on.

My need increased faster than I could manage so that after half an hour I was dancing around the house again fingering my self and trying to hold on, eventually I undid the top button of my jeans to relieve the pressure which helped slightly.

then at about 2:45pm i started to uncontolably squirt in my pants. I started pancaking and unziped the fly of my jeans and yelled at Dom to bring the container to me.

To my horror, there and then, the flood gates opened in the middle of the kitchen. luckily i had my jeans off but my panties were saturated. I peed uncontrollably for about ten seconds desperately trying to regain control while Dom put the container under me and pulled my panties down and out of the way.

Once the container was setup I let rip with another gusher, a 500ml gusher in fact!

My poor bladder was aching like nothing on earth for about half an hour after that little episode and I have been peeing every half hour now and achieving 200ml pees without even trying.

Still I think i will give my bladder a couple of days rest, we will just have to see what happens tonight. 
;-)

Lots of love
Jane

P.S. so as not to confuse you and other readers of this page the times stated on all my emails are Australian Eastern Standard Time (Victorian Time) We have just moved into daylight savings time. Todays date is

Monday 26th of October.

###

Matthew: You might be interested in an experience I had this summer.

I was driving home from the beach with 2 friends. We stopped first for drinks, and without too much thinking about the trip home, I had a 32 oz coke, and took another along for the trip home, which I finished in the first half hour. A hour later I drop off Marc, and I'm starting to feel like I have to pee, but I ignore it. 45 minutes later at Jeff's house I definitely need to piss, but again ignore it thinking it's less than an hour to my apartment. As I'm driving home I can't believe how quickly the pressure in my bladder is increasing. Now I'm starting to freak, I still have 20 minutes to go and am just barely able to contain myself -- with great effort. I'm squeezing my cock more frequently now, too. The last five minutes I have to resort squeezing my cock constantly as I've started to squirt in my swim shorts.

I run into my apartment, my roommate is taking a shower in the bathroom! I grab the nearest container I can find and let go, filling it with 1550 mL! (I was so amazed by the quantity that I measured it!) I'm 27 y/o and have never been hurting to piss so bad as this time. 


###

Twinkie: Hi... I've only been viewing your page for about a week now, and, first things being first, wanted to tell you how much I enjoy it! The reason I'm writing is to share with you...and the rest, if you'd like...is how long I was able to hold-it, working off of the desperation scale you have on your site. I started at about 7:30am and waited until 1:55pm. I probably could have held it even longer if I didn't have to move at all! In any case, I'm not sure if that counts as being at #5 on the scale....because I didn't feel as if I couldn't wait another second. I was definitely full, definitely VERY uncomfortable, but could hold it without fear of peeing on myself. I had had a few cups of coffee and probably 2 1/2 pints of water during that time. The results were, voiding a total of 1300ml. It's the first time I'm measuring, and so I don't know if it's my "personal best". I'll let you know the next time I "take the challenge".

Keep up the great work!

Twinkie

Another exchange of email later:

Thanks for the congrats! Yes, I was tempted to try because of the challenge you have up on your site. Basically, the same thing happened to me as had with you for one of your "records". I had basically forgotten to pee all morning long and thought, what better time to try! And, you're right...I neglected to tell you that one other important piece of info...I'm female. I will definitely keep in touch with any other "events" :-) It was good hearing from you.

Twinkie 

###

Mark: One night my friends and I went out drinking. I came home and just crashed. When I woke the next morning, I had to pee soooooo bad that it hurt to sit up. I grabbed my watch (out of sheer curiosity) and timed my pee. To this day, my record stands amongst all of my friends - 1 min 43 sec. It was amazing!

