The Video
  Entry to: Month 8
By: Michelle (19970-09-18)

(With apologies to Fluidity, who ought to know by now that he shouldn't give me the SLIGHTEST encouragement.)

The phone rings.

There are lots of different rings - hunky young date type rings, rich old sugar daddy type rings, rich old sugar daddies' wives phoning up to complain type rings... This was none of those, a business type ring if ever I heard one. I pick up the phone - well, a girl's gotta eat.

'Hi Michelle.'

'Oh, hi Fluidity.'

Fluidity's my agent. He has a real name, but everybody calls him Fluidity. I'm not sure whether that's on account of his bank balance or his bourbon intake. We have a fifteen percent deal, which means he gets half of what I make, plus expenses. Fluidity says that girls with c-cup bras shouldn't handle money.

'I've got some work for you,' he continues.

I do hope it's acting work. I'm an actress, you see. That's what it says on my passport. My friend Maureen says that's cos I can't spell 'bimbo'. Not true! I can too.

'Oooh, is it a film part?' I ask eagerly.

'Well, not quite.'

'I'm not doing another casting couch. If I'd had as many film parts as I've had directors I'd be as famous as Madonna!'

'If Madonna'd had...' I put my hands over my ears, thus neatly avoiding a libel action.

'What is it then?'

'We can discuss it over lunch.'

'You're buying me lunch?' I try to get my brain round the concept of Fluidity buying anyone anything.

'Sure thing. I'll charge it to expenses.'

I put the phone down. I've a feeling I missed something there, but I'm not sure what.

*****

'So you will be acting,' says Fluidity, 'not just modelling. In fact you'll be the star. The only difference is that it's a video rather than a film part.'

'I don't do porno videos,' I warn. Maureen once had a nasty accident involving seven dwarves and a very large dog, and we both decided to give up the grunt and groan stuff.

'It's not porno.' he reassures. 'There's no sex at all, in fact you don't even strip off completely.' I give him a puzzled look. Every job he ever got me involved taking my gear off at some point or other. Not that I mind - I happen to be quite proud of my body.

'So, what's it about?' To my surprise he looks rather embarrassed.

'Er, have you ever heard of Suzi?'

'No.'

'Giga, Alori, Patches, Nissy, Elizabeth...'

'No.'

'Don't suppose you know what udinism is?'

'Huh?'

'Oh hell! They want you to piss in your panties.'

'What!'

'Don't look so shocked. You did an Adult Baby video.'

'Not true. I modelled some adult incontinence products.'

'Didn't you think it odd when they asked you to wet the diaper?'

'No, just demonstrating the goods were fit for the purpose sold... Duh, at least I think that's what they said.'

'Didn't occur to you that when you were yelling, oooh, oooh, I'm wetting myself, someone might've been recording?'

'Oh. Oh well. So I've done an ABie. Suppose I might as well piss the odd pair of panties if they're paying me for it.'

'That's the spirit. Look on it as an artistic challenge.'

*****

I examine the outfit I'm to wear with some approval. A neat, button-up skirt, short but not too short, in a rather attractive beige. A tight white top, showing off my assets and just a hint of midriff, but nothing overt, high heeled, rather sexy sling-back shoes, and long, sheer black nylon hold-up stockings with lace tops. Professional but provocative, show as much or as little as you like, much sexier in my opinion than the tarty stuff they used to hang on me when I did the pornos. The underwear, however, takes me slightly aback.

'White polycotton briefs?' I ask. 'A bit, well, staid, aren't they.'

'It's what turns the customer on.'

Well, I've always found that what turns guys on is kinda respectable on top and little or nothing underneath. Am I to throw out my filmy lace g-strings and buy some solid cotton knickers? I do hope not. Maybe more substantial panties wet better. Yes, that must be it. I change, get my hair and make-up fixed, and find the studio.

The Director's called Mac. I don't feel like eating him at all. 'OK,' he says, so you're in your condo, decide you need to visit the john, but the door's stuck. So what do you do?'

'Visit next door.'

'No.'

'Use the public johns down the street.'

'No.'

'Why not?'

'OK, OK, so you gotta stay home cos you're expecting an important phone call. What do you do?'

'Phone a boy friend to come and fix the door.'

'Gimme strength! No, you don't phone a boyfriend.'

'Why not?'

'Goddarn phone's out of order. What do you do?'

'But if the phone's out of... No, OK, I remember, I get desperate, squirm a bit, then go in my panties.'

'At last. Right, take 22.'

'Oooh, oooh, the door's locked and I can't phone my boyfriend cos the phone's out of order also I'm expecting an important phone call. Oooh, oooh, I'm desperate. Oh dear, I'm wetting myself... Sorry, it won't come.'

'CUT! Hey Fluidity, I thought you said she's an actress.'

'No, I said that that's what she put on her passport.'

'Couldn't she spell bimbo?'

'Hey,' I protest, 'you shouldn't bad-mouth a girl just cos you got a stupid plot and yukky looking panties that I can't pee in and I never wanted to make your silly video anyway and...'

'OK, Chelle,' says Fluidity. 'Chill out, take five. OK, calm down. That's right, just you sit there and relax. Here, have some of this nice orange juice.'

'Already had four cartons. Tastes good though.' I suck a sulky straw as Fluidity and Mac whisper in the corner.

'Er,' says Fluidity, it seems there's a problem.'

'What?'

'Well, you see that thing over there. It's called a camera. Well, it's kinda tired and has to rest for a while. We'll wait until it's feeling better. OK? Here, have some more juice.'

I eye the camera thing with some dislike. I don't trust technology. Maureen once spent fifty bucks on a baby alarm and she still got pregnant.

'Fluidity,' I say eventually.

'Yes Chelle?'

'Where's the powder room? I gotta go, what with all that juice and everything.'

'No, love, you'll have to hold it. Remember you're supposed to go in your panties.'

'Oh. OK, but I hope the camera's better soon...'

'Fluidity,' I whisper after a while.

'Yes love?'

'I really gotta go.' I find I'm squirming slightly. 'Getting desperate. Camera's whirring now. Think maybe it's better?'

'Just a little longer.'

I wriggle, shift my weight from buttock to buttock, squirm uncontrollably in my discomfort. Finally I stand, crouch, move from foot to foot, push my hand hard against my crotch. I know the whole room can see my panties, and I don't care. I'd swear that darn lazy camera's peering right at me.

'I gotta pee soon,' I gasp. 'Please, let me go and pee. I gotta go.'

'Not long now,' says Mac.

'O my God, I'm getting desperate. I gotta pee. Can't hold it. Please, please let me go pee!!'

'OK, honey. Try to keep some for the video. The john's over there.'

I rush to the door, pull on the handle.

'MY GOD!' I scream, 'IT'S STUCK. OH NO! OOOH! AH!! GOTTA PEE. DESPERATE!!' I tug at the door, then grasp myself as I feel an accident starting to happen. I'm wriggling, screaming, writhing. Spot a bowl under a table. Grab it. Lift my skirt and pull at my underwear...

Too late. First one spurt, a second, and the floodgates open. My panties balloon under the pressure, then the hot urine bursts thru them in a golden stream. I try to direct it at the bowl, miss, try standing in the receptacle, too small, stand on one leg, get interesting flow of pee along the other.

'I'M WETTING MYSELF,' I scream, 'I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS. I'M PISSING IN MY PANTIES.'

Suddenly, now the pain has gone, I find I'm enjoying myself. There's something both relaxing and arousing about the flow of hot liquid down my legs, the warm, caressing puddle at my crotch. I pull my skirt round me so it gets soaking, dripping wet, then lift it, and push my crotch towards that mean old camera in a gesture of defiance, noting that my sodden panties have gone almost transparent with wetting. I remove a urine filled shoe and pour the contents down my cleavage, so my top goes see-thru in turn, showing just why I do so well in Miss Wet T-shirt contests. There's pee everywhere, in flowing streams and steaming puddles. I sit in the mess I've made and shamelessly frig myself thru my wet clothing, climaxing as soon as I find my clit thru the clinging layers. Finally the flow stops. I look at my audience, big bimbo eyes wide.

'I just wet myself.' I say. Suddenly, I remember where I am. 'Oh dear,' I whisper, 'the video.'

'Don't worry, honey,' says Mac. The ol' camera sorta woke up at the right time. We got you on film, and almost perfect I'd say. This is gonna be quite a video.'

'Almost?' Fluidity and I chorus. You see, we've met Directors before.

'Oh, just a few shots from different angles. Maybe one of you peeing with a foot on the table. A few artistic touches, you know.'

He opens a door, one I didn't notice before. In a small anteroom there's a whole rail of identical outfits. And a fridge full of orange juice...
