Courtney’s traffic trouble

Author: J.E. Hart

Courtney hated getting to work even a minute late. Her boss didn’t care — as long as you weren’t extremely late for no good reason, a few minutes here and there didn’t bother him.

It bothered Courtney, though, so she always made an effort to arrive a minute or two early, making her one of the first people in the building each morning.

When she read the news this morning, she noticed an article about a backup on the road she took to work. Apparently there had been a large, multiple-car accident and while no one had been seriously injured, the roads were completely blocked.

“Wow, it sounds like they’re gonna be closed for a while,” Courtney said to herself as she scrolled through the article. “I guess I’ll have to take an alternate route to work.”

She rushed to finish getting ready, as the other way to work was longer and would likely have heavier traffic today than normal due to the accident.

While she gathered her things up, she gulped down her coffee and a glass of water along with a bowl of cereal drenched in milk.

In her haste, Courtney forgot to use the bathroom one last time before leaving. She only remembered when she was five minutes away from her house — too far away to make it worthwhile to turn back.

“That’s okay!” she assured herself. “I don’t really have to pee yet. I’ll just go sometime after I get to work.”

She was right about the road: in addition to its usual traffic, it was packed with people who normally wouldn’t choose to drive down it. Courtney anxiously checked the clock in her car every few seconds until she hit a traffic snag and slowed to a crawl.

“Great, I’m going to be late. I thought I left early enough, but I guess not.” She sighed and settled into the car seat, mentally preparing herself for a longer trip than she’d originally planned for.

As she shifted, she noticed her bladder had been filling up the last several minutes. Coffee, water, and milk had a tendency to do that, but Courtney was still certain she would be fine. Her work was only another ten minutes away, so even if her trip doubled in time, she knew she could hold for that long.

“I could probably wait to go for another couple of hours,” she said confidently. “I’m sure of it. I’ve never even come close to wetting myself before.”

Her confidence was shaken when, after another ten minutes and only a few miles’ progress in her commute, a pang of desperation hit her bladder. It was fuller than she expected and the seatbelt digging in didn’t help her forget about the mounting pressure.

Courtney tapped her fingers against the steering wheel, glancing down at the clock again. Time seemed to be ticking away faster and faster, yet she was still stuck among swathes of traffic.

Her desperation grew as the liquid she consumed earlier filled her up, causing her to squeeze her legs together whenever she was stopped.

“Okay, this is getting bad.” She bit down on her lip and furrowed her brow, willing the cars in front of her to start moving again.

They did and Courtney was able to turn on a different road, following a small string of cars that was much more manageable than the previous number she’d been behind.

“Thank God,” she mumbled, pushing her hand into her crotch for a fraction of a second before returning it to the steering wheel. “As soon as I get in the building, I’m making a beeline for the restroom.”

She pulled into her workplace’s parking lot, found her usual space, and hopped out of the car, grabbing her bag and the work computer she’d taken home for the evening. She’d been too nervous to look at the time before shutting off her car, so when she checked her phone, her heart sank at the time she saw.

“Ten minutes late!” she moaned, stuffing her purse under one arm and the computer bag under the other. “And today of all days, when I have so much to do.”

“Everything okay?”

Courtney had been too preoccupied to notice that one of the cars behind her almost the whole way had pulled into a parking space next to hers. A familiar face - Chantal, her coworker — peered around the car.

“Hey, Chantal,” Courtney smiled. “I’m fine, just late.”

“Yeah, me too. I got stuck in that traffic jam and had to take a detour. It’s not too bad, though. I’ve been later before.”
“I haven’t!” Courtney told her. “I hate being late — it’s a personal thing.” She dropped her voice so the nonexistent people in the parking lot wouldn’t hear her. “And I’ve had to use the bathroom the whole trip. I’m actually kind of desperate at the moment.”

Chantal smirked. “Don’t do what Jessie did yesterday.”

They began to walk to the building’s front doors so they wouldn’t be any later.

“What happened with Jessie?” Courtney asked, trying to stand up straight in spite of her bladder’s protests to being stretched.
“She got stuck on the phone when she really had to go and she ended up having a bit of an accident!” Chantal explained. “I don’t think she actually told anyone, but she did mention to me that she really needed to pee and later in the day, a few people saw her with a suspicious dark spot on the back of her skirt.”

Courtney’s eyes widened. “Wow, yeah, I definitely don’t want that to happen. I’m going to stop and use the restroom as soon as I’m clocked in.”

She pushed the front door open and held it for Chantal. “Thanks, and good luck. The lines are usually pretty bad in the morning, you know — all that coffee everyone drinks hits them right about now.”

Courtney smiled nervously. “I think I’ll be okay standing in a line for a few minutes. It’s not that bad.”

As if to tell her otherwise, her bladder spasmed and she felt the tiniest leak dampen her panties. Suddenly, she wished she’d worn a dress or a skirt instead of gray slacks, which would show off any wet patch that formed.

Still, she’d never had a problem before, so she didn’t think her need would come to wet patches, but she’d also never leaked pee into her underwear before or been ten minutes late to her job. Today was a day full of firsts, it seemed.

On her way to her desk, Courtney passed through the hallway that housed the bathrooms. She glanced longingly at the sign for the women’s but kept walking stiffly past the door and into the main office room.

Based on the number of people sitting at their desks and walking around, it looked like more than Courtney and Chantal were late.

“Courtney, there you are!” Jessie grabbed her arm and dragged her closer to Jessie’s desk. “The boss asked me to give these to you today — they’re from that group of files he passed on to you yesterday.”

“Oh, thanks. I thought there were a couple missing.” She took the documents from Jessie and looked back at her own desk, ready to walk away so she could log on and get to the bathroom as quickly as possible.

“Hey are you okay?”

“Yeah, why?” Courtney smiled at Jessie, who furrowed her brow.

“You’re never late. I noticed a lot of people aren’t in yet today, though. Did something happen?”

“There was an accident on Cooper Highway. It was blocking my way to work, so I had to take a back road instead ”

“Ah, gotcha. I live on the opposite end of the city, so I guess I didn’t hear about it. Was anyone hurt?”

Courtney shifted, rubbing her legs together. The pressure against her pee hole felt good, but it was short-lived as the short, strong waves of desperation returned.

“Um, no, last I heard no one was seriously injured.”

“Well, that’s good.” Jessie eyed Courtney. “I should let you get to work. I’m sure you have plenty to do, what with getting in late and all.”

“I do,” Courtney nodded quickly.

She wanted to run directly to the bathroom, but she had to put the file Jessie gave her on her desk first, which was at the opposite end of the room.

Courtney attempted to casually walk past coworkers’ desks, but it was getting harder and harder to look like she wasn’t busting at the seams with piss.

When she was still a few feet away from her desk, she tossed the papers onto it and turned around. The second she heard them hit the surface and scatter, she power walked down through the room and down the hallway, which was crowded with people arriving late to work.

She brushed past them and ducked into the bathroom, letting the door swing shut behind her. She quickly scanned the line of closed stall doors, bouncing in place.

Every single stall was occupied. Courtney sighed frustratedly. She was lucky there was no line, but at this point, she wasn’t sure she could wait for even one stall to open up. She was at the end of her rope and her bladder was making it known to her with every desperation spasm.

She shoved her hand into her pussy, pressing the seam of her pants into her pee hole. It wasn’t a perfect solution, but it was all she had left to do to keep back the imminent flow of piss.

A toilet flushed and Courtney silently begged that whoever was in there would leave within the next few seconds. A warm, wet drop of piss filled her panties and she gasped.

Courtney began to panic. It was only one leak, but she was moments away from another one, and another, until her muscles gave up and she had a full accident waiting to get to a toilet.

Finally, the stall at the very end opened up and a coworker walked past Courtney to the sinks. She smiled and said hi, but Courtney barely heard her as she dashed to the end of the room, another spurt filling her already damp panties.

She slammed the door shut behind her and slid the lock into place, dancing around in the tight stall while she fumbled with her pants. She leaked again as she pushed her pants down. This time, she saw the pee flow down her soaked panties and run down her legs in rivulets. She wanted to get her underwear down, but seeing the toilet in front of her was too much and her leaks turned into a slow, painful stream.

Despite her best attempts to fight with every last ounce of strength she had left, Courtney began to slowly piss her panties. She whirled around and sat on the toilet in lightning speed, her flow only growing once she allowed her body to relax.

She closed her eyes and let out a big exhale in relief. Her panties were done for, but she’d saved her pants and technically made it to the toilet in time — that was all that mattered.

As she emptied her bladder, the bladder bulge in her abdomen disappeared. She rubbed her hand over the smooth skin, pressing in a little and listening as her stream reacted to the extra pressure.

When it finally tapered into a few drips, she opened her eyes again. “How long have I been in here?” she whispered.

Courtney had left her phone and bag at her desk, so she couldn’t check the time. It felt like she’d been sitting on the toilet for at least five minutes, but that wasn’t possible. No one could pee for that long.

She stood up feeling light as a feather and flushed, enjoying the sensation of an empty bladder with zero pressure. She could already tell that she’d have to pee again soon. She’d worn out her bladder for the day after holding so much for so long.

She didn’t care, though, and she strode out of the bathroom with a bounce in her step that wasn’t caused by trying to hold in her pee.

Courtney smiled to herself as she slid behind her desk and sorted the papers she’d strewn on it minutes earlier. If she could make it through that, she could hold her piss for almost any amount of time. And now she was curious to test the limits and see just how far she could go.
