Earning a Reward the Wet Way
	My husband indulges my pee fetish.
Author: IsabellaEmily (2020-11-11)

I don't know if this is true of everyone, but sometimes I can be in the middle of something with my mind a thousand miles away from anything sexual, when suddenly something I see or hear will trigger a sudden thought that arouses me and causes me to realize that it's been far too long since I've had an orgasm.

That is certainly what happened two weeks ago on Sunday afternoon. My husband and I had decided to devote the weekend to household chores. We did lots of yardwork, reorganized the closet in the guest room, finished painting his home office, cleaned the house from top to bottom, and reorganized and cleaned the garage.

We'd saved the garage for last and Sunday afternoon we were just finishing up out there.

We live rather secluded, almost a mile from the nearest neighbors on a tiny peninsula that juts out into a sizeable lake. Not only do we have gorgeous views year round from our back deck, but we are assured of almost complete privacy.

We were in the garage, sweaty and hot and just about ready to call it a day when I suddenly became aware of the immense pressure in my bladder. I was suddenly bursting to relief myself, and sixty seconds ago I hadn't even noticed.

This would be a good time to confess that I enjoy peeing in an erotic way. I love to pee in unusual places, and I get a real thrill out of peeing outdoors. Even indoors I love to pee in a sink, or into a bucket or vase. I get particularly aroused by peeing into my pants or a diaper and having someone watch me pee really pushes my buttons.

My husband isn't into pee play the way I am, but he's well aware of what an erotic role peeing, wetting, and golden showers play in my real sex life and my fantasy masturbatory explorations. He often will happily indulge these urges, allowing me to pee on him in the shower, or peeing on me.

He's a frequent lookout when I'm peeing somewhere along a hiking trail or in the woods, and he functions as my 'relief master' on those weekends where I take in lots of fluids and wait for his permission and instruction about when and where I can pee.

If I fail to meet his goals, he'll spank me or deny me an orgasm, but if I match or exceed his prescribed limits, he'll do something extra kinky for me as a reward. I have a similar set of tasks for him to do to get some of the filthier sex he craves, and it was rewarding him that suddenly gave me an idea for something I could have him help me with.

So there we were in the garage, him putting a large box on a high shelf, and me suddenly aware of my near bursting bladder. Without putting a lot of thought into it I quickly formed a plan. Grabbing a large piece of cardboard from our recycling pile I put it on the floor near the workbench.

"Come here for a minute, will you?" I asked him. "I need your help with something."

He approached me with a quizzical look on his face, wondering what sort of task I had in mind. Before he could say anything I reached out and grabbed the front pocket of his jeans, pulling and steering him into position on the absorbent cardboard, with his back to the workbench. I reached out and pulled his t-shirt off over his head, and as he stole a quick glance at the driveway to make sure we weren't about to have visitors, I jumped up and wrapped my legs around him.

I held myself up on his shoulders and let his arms support most of my weight. I was wearing a bikini top which felt delightful as the thin fabric rubbed against my nipples as I pushed my breasts against his chest. The crotch of my khaki shorts pressed against his abdomen as I leaned forward and began to passionately kiss him.

He pulled me even tighter to him as our tongues entwined and I gave a quick push and a gush of hot pee flooded my pants. He moaned into my mouth as he felt my wetness spread between us, and I savored the warm liquid as it spread through my panties and pants, ratcheting my arousal up several degrees.

As my flood became a stream and then a trickle I continued to suck his tongue and grind against him. By the time we broke off our kiss I was panting and almost shaking with my need for an orgasm. I still clung to him, planning on using one hand to reach around and under myself to get to his cock, but he had another idea.

He pulled me off him and spun me around so I was standing where he'd been. He smiled at me and stepped back. I was pleased to see that the front of his jeans were soaked with my piss and I could feel my own sodden panties and pants against my skin. He turned and walked into the house, returning a moment later with two towels which he must have grabbed out of the bathroom we have right off our laundry room.

He hit the garage door switch as he walked past it, and the garage descended into near darkness as the door went down. Using the dim light cast by the overhead bulb he spread both towels on the workbench, doubling them each in half.

Before I could guess what he was doing he grabbed my hips and hoisted me onto the workbench. Sitting on the workbench I was at the perfect height for his cock to penetrate me. We had discovered this the weekend we moved into the house. He'd left my pants on though, so I assumed that I wasn't about to be fucked.

He reached out and using one hand to pull the waist of my pants up he used the other to grab my zipper and unzip my shorts as far as they would go. He then undid his jeans and stepped out of them, skinning off his briefs at the same time. His cock wasn't erect, but it wasn't completely flaccid either.

He stepped up to me and used his fingers to push his cock into my pants through the zipper. As I felt his fingers probing I realized he was laying his cock against my pussy, with his tip pointing up. With only my wet panties between the thin strip of pubic hair I keep there and his cockhead I felt a lewd ribbon of pleasure rush through me.

I leaned back supporting my weight on my arms and wrapped my legs around his waist. He leaned over me and put his hands on the workbench near my own. He tenderly began to kiss my lips and my heart began to thud with anticipation.

I didn't have to wait long. With an almost inaudible grunt I felt his soft cock twitch against me and then a rush of hot liquid all over my cunt as he began to relieve himself. His stream went on and on, pushing through my already soaked panties and coating my entire cunt with his hot piss, running down past my ass to soak into the towels.

I squeezed my legs around his waist and moaned in pure pleasure as I pushed my tongue into his mouth. I was so wet that I couldn't tell when he stopped peeing, but I became aware of him pushing against me with a greater need and I could feel his cock becoming heavier through my wet panties.

I wrapped my arms around him and let him take all my weight as I began to kiss him with a sexual hunger that was only going to be sated by some shared orgasms.

He picked me up off the workbench and carried me wrapped around him like that to the door to the laundry room, pushing it open with his foot and almost losing his balance. I felt dizzy with desire and arousal and suddenly we were in the walk-in shower with my legs still wrapped around him.

He grabbed the handle and turned on a torrent of water that cascaded around us. It was freezing cold and I yelped at the unexpected sensation. I pulled my legs away from him to stand on my own.

Quickly the water warmed up, and soon steam was rising from the water as he unsnapped my pants and pushed both them and my panties down my thighs. I stepped out of them and pushed them into the corner of the shower with my foot as he unhooked my bikini top and dropped it onto my shorts.

He turned me around and I leaned back against him and felt his hands coated with soap begin to lather my body. He scrubbed me from scalp to each toe, being rough on my thighs and calves and arms, but washing my breasts and armpits and inner thighs so gently that I was sure my pussy was dripping it's arousal all over both our feet.

He put an arm between us and as he began to gently wash my anus he kissed my neck. I moaned softly and reached back with my hand to grab his cock. It was rock hard and throbbing, and I squeezed it as hard as I could before moving my fingers to his balls.

I grabbed the bottle of body wash and poured a generous amount into my hands, before turning around and attacking his body. He leaned his back against the wall of the shower and closed his eyes, as I pushed my hands and fingers against every inch of his body, being careful not to over stimulate the cock that pointed straight out in complete arousal.

Before long he was as clean as could be, and I turned the water off as he opened the shower stall and grabbed my hand. Pulling me as if someone was chasing us we rushed through the house dripping wet, making a beeline for the king sized bed in the spare bedroom.

Both the master bedroom and guest room have full bathrooms in them, but the spare bedroom and his home office share a hallway bathroom. The bed in the spare bedroom has a waterproof mattress pad, and it's often where I indulge in my wetting and diaper play.

He picked me up and threw me on the bed, mounting me from behind and pushing his throbbing cock against my slick opening. I was so aroused my cunt offered no resistance as he thrust in up to the hilt. I moaned and flexed myself around him, feeling him throb as he began to push in and out at a rhythm that told me he was close to the edge.

I reached down to finger my clit, finding it as hard as a pebble as he fucked me furiously. I felt a familiar tingling in my clit and knew that it would not take long for me to orgasm. His sped up his thrusting and grabbed my hips hard enough to bruise, grunting with the effort of holding back his explosion. He suddenly changed his angle just a bit, and his cockhead began to rub my g-spot with each pounding assault.

The internal g-spot pleasure combined with the tingling in my clit to take my self-control away. I began to wail loudly, knowing my peak was imminent. Suddenly my cunt was flooded with a hot slippery eruption of his orgasm, and he growled as his furious thrusting slowed to a steady pumping of his throbbing cock back and forth into me. Ignoring my own need I reached back and began to tickle his balls while flexing my cunt around him.

He continued to growl deep in his chest as spurt after spurt of his pleasure pushed itself into me. I moaned loudly, enjoying the physical sensation of his orgasm as it pushed me even closer to my own.

He pulled out of me and I turned around laying on my back, pleased at the sight of his hard, slick, and spent cock. He fell to his knees and wrapped his arms around my thighs, pulling me to the edge of the bed.

He thrust his tongue deep into my hole while pushing the tip of his finger into my anus. I began to groan and push my hips up at his face, unable to control my own body as it pulled itself closer and closer to orgasm.

He moved his tongue to my clit, and his lips closed around it. He began to suck it and flick it with his tongue and my groan turned to a shriek, and I screamed my way through three incredible orgasms, feeling each one build and build until one by one they erupted in me with a wave of pleasure.

Each wave was more powerful than the last, washing over me in white hot pleasure, causing my clit to throb against his lips before I began an ascent to the next peak.

As the third orgasm peaked, I roared with pleasure and felt like I was coming inside out. The feeling of the orgasms receding put me into a trance like state, where I felt only the soft mattress against me, the sweat running down my still wet body, and his mouth gently kissing my inner thigh.

We lay that way for several moments before he climbed up on the bed with me and pulled me into his arms. We snuggled our wet bodies together, feeling our pulses return to normal, as we drifted towards a nap.

I felt him push his mouth against my ear.

"If I get up and make dinner and let you sleep will that earn me a special reward next Saturday?" he whispered.

I moved my head and put my mouth on his, tasting his cum and my pussy on his lips. I kissed him passionately.

"You earned that the moment you let me grab you in the garage." I said softly.

I closed my eyes and felt his lips on mine again as sleep began to pull me down.
