WHEN IS A FETISH NOT A FETISH?

Author: William Abbott

In which I share my thoughts with you

Someone I was reading online once made a comment where he distinguished between “true sexual fetishes!" which seemed to him to be hardwired and permanent, and—how did he put it?—people who are “just enjoying some sexual kicks that they could drop at any time.”

This doesn’t sound right to me. I really can’t imagine enjoying someone else’s fetish as a sexual kick that I might take up for a while to spice things up. Like, I’ve read some really vivid descriptions of the mind-blowing arousal some people get from being tied up or whipped, and I just *shrug*. I might let a lover tie me up if it was going to give her multiple orgasms, because her cumming would turn me on. The bondage itself, though, would be about as arousing as—I don’t know—wearing a clown nose. My wife Anne is perfectly happy to hold a full bladder to tease me when we’re out in public, or crank up the voltage when we’re having sex, but what she enjoys about it is getting me wildly, helplessly turned on. It’s not something she’d ever do on her own or with anyone but me.

I guess the people who “decide” to add a sexual kink to their sex lives or their fantasy lives must be people who’ve always been wired that way but never knew the stimulus was out there. They’re like a little kid tasting candy or ice cream for the first time and realizing, wow! Food can be sweet!

There’s a wonderful article by Clarisse Thorn called “Liberal, Sex-positive Sex Education: What’s Missing.” You can find it online with a quick Google search. She writes that she was always kind of ho-hum about sexuality in general until she discovered the kink that really sets her off. I can celebrate her process of self-discovery and liberation, but I find myself wondering, How could she not have known?

There’s a wonderful scene in a movie called Parting Glances, where a character is talking about how he never decided to be gay. “You reach puberty,” he said, “you don't fucking decide what sex you like. You ask your dick. You say, ‘Hey, Dick, what do you like?’ Okay. All right. And you go for it.”

I think it’s very important to remember that a sexual kink (or fetish or paraphilia or whatever you want to call it) is not at all the same thing as a sexual addiction. Some people on fetish sites use phrases like “I’m totally addicted to watching women pee,” but most often what they really mean is that they just like it a lot. There certainly are such things as sexual addictions, and there are groups like Sex and Love Addicts Anonymous that can be of help to people whose sexual behaviors cross the line into destructive compulsions that need treatment, but that’s a whole different arena of feelings and behavior.

Shame feeds into addiction, and many of us with strong and unusual sexual appetites have often felt some degree of shame over them when we were young (and many of us into maturity). Shame can lead to addictive sexual behavior, but a fetish is not an addiction. The way to overcome shame is not to suppress the sexual longing but to learn to accept ourselves and to take part in loving, honest relationships.

Trust me on this. I speak from experience.
