A Day in the Life of Mel - Chapter II

Author: ppPanties (1999-01-23 at 21:19) #27096

As we last saw Mel, she had just narrowly escaped getting found out by her daughter after one of her surprise visits. Mel had managed to wrap up her wet panties and robe in a towel and put them in the washer, and came back out into the living room to join Viki and David. In fact, she was feeling quite relaxed and satisfied after the excitement of almost getting caught outside with pee running down her legs and having had an amazing orgasm as a result. She also hadn’t forgotten what she saw when she looked up and saw David in the doorway.

She thought she detected that he still looked a bit flustered and fidgety. Not everyone is turned on my what David saw, so could it be watching a woman wet herself is something special to David? It was certainly something Mel couldn’t come right out and ask, even if her daughter weren’t sitting there. Or does her daughter know? But David clearly had a hard on under those jeans, and Mel knew he had to have seen her wet panties when her robe blew open. She just had to find out… it was just a matter of how and when.

Soon David excused himself and headed for the bathroom, while Mel and Viki chatted about Viki’s and David’s plans for the evening. Viki said that it would be late, but that they would be coming back and spending the night

“Damn”, Viki said. “David just went to pee.”

“What’s taking him so long?”

David then came out of the bathroom and rejoined Viki and Mel. It could have been Mel’s imagination, but she was sure David was looking a bit flustered. Mel thought… something’s going on here… but what? Her curiosity was almost getting the best of her, but she let it go… determined to confirm her suspicions later.

Before Viki and David left to go out, David pulled Mel aside. He said “Viki’s birthday is coming up, and I need your help buying a present for her birthday.” Would you have time to shop with me tomorrow?”

Mel knew they’d be spending the night as it would be late and it’s a few hours back to where they live. “Sure David, I’d be happy to help you out.”

As Viki and David said their good, Mel noticed Ronnie a ways down the street delivering papers. She had left his money in an envelope so she wouldn’t be disturbed, so she didn’t concern herself about Ronnie. Mel went into the bathroom to straighten up, and to her surprise, found that she had somehow dropped her pissy panties as she was putting her wet things into the bag.

“Well, well.” Mel muttered to herself. “Could this be what got David looking like he had just run a marathon?”

After a few cokes with Viki and David, Mel felt her bladder filling up again, but went about doing her chores. About the time she was beginning to feel like she couldn’t hold it any longer, she realized that she hadn’t heard Ronnie at the mailbox delivering the paper. “Oh well,” she thought, “he’s just a little late.” She proceeded to protect her bed and lay down in front of the mirror so she could view the show. Her bladder was about ready to and Mel couldn’t wait to see the wet spot grow through her tight red shorts. She started out with just a spurt, and let that warm feeling spread up against her hand, rubbing herself gently. Just a small wet spot. Soon there was a sudden gush and a puddle on the towel. Mel loved watching herself pee in the mirror, and became even more aroused as she was doing so.

But this time, as she looked towards the mirror, she saw the reflection of someone standing in the window behind her. Viki just giggled when she realized who it was. It was the paper boy Ronnie. The little devil was peering in the window at her, too entranced to even realize Mel could see him in the mirror. She didn’t let on that she saw him, and continued to pee, watching the dark spot on her shorts spread down the legs.

She raised her hips up for an even better view, and played with herself more vigorously, as she felt Ronnie’s eyes watching her. She noticed Ronnie had his hand in his pants, and is thinking Ronnie was getting as much pleasure out of Mel’s peeing as Mel was. This made Mel even more aroused, as she let pee trickle through her hands. When she was done peeing, she rubbed and played with her clit until she felt herself shudder, and reach another wonderful climax. She noticed Ronnie had taken his cock out of his pants and appeared to be spewing cum all over the side of the house under the window. Mel just sighed, closed her eyes and smiled. She relaxed for a bit enjoying the “afterglow”, when she heard the doorbell ring.

“Oh shit!”

“It can’t be Ronnie, because I left his money in an envelope.” Mel didn’t have time to think, so she just wrapped a towel around her soaking wet shorts and went to the door. Sort of half standing behind it as she opened the door, she was surprised to see it was Ronnie after all.

Instinctively, Mel stepped out from behind the door to inspect the mailbox for the envelope, she asked “Ronnie, didn’t you get the money I left you?”

Ronnie seemed speechless, and didn’t look Mel in the eye at first. Then Mel realized why. Mel had dropped her towel and her pissy pants were dripping down her legs onto the floor, and Ronnie’s eyes were riveted, it seemed, right at her crotch and was watching pee stream down her legs.

“I… I ummmm” was about all Ronnie could mutter. “Yes, I got the envelope.”

“I just wanted to let your know I’d be away next week and my older brother will be delivering the paper starting on Monday.”

“OK, Ronnie, thanks for telling me.”

Mel went on about her day smiling and thinking about her upcoming shopping trip with David, and looking forward to what Monday might bring. For obvious reasons… both could prove… interesting.

Mel loves her naughty little pee games, and a day at the office is no different. Looks like we have some adventures to look forward to in “A Day in the Life of Mel”.

Hope you all enjoyed Mel’s Saturday adventures.

