Surprise, Surprise, Surprise!!!!

By Rhi (date unknown) T#386

I would like to send more and if you like it I will write more. But please be aware this is my first attempt.

This story relates my fetish of pissing so if this offends do not read on.

I am 27 years old and Female. This is an accounting of my true life experiences and if you like more will cum. Just let me know.

I can remember the first time I voiced my feelings aloud to someone on the net. I was shaking. Even though it was through a private chat I felt very vulnerable. She and I had great cyber sex and I still needed to piss badly! We had a great Idea. We decided to call each other on the phone. I wanted her to piss for me over the phone and she wanted the same! We exchanged numbers and signed off. I waited for her call.

About fifteen minutes later she called me up. She was a he! I was shocked and mortified! I thought I was connecting with a woman. I almost hung up and if I had not been frozen with shock I probably would have before he could say anything else.

He told me that he was sorry for the deception but that women never wanted to admit this to men and he was getting desperate. I figured if he was good enough to fool me online maybe this would not be so bad. Besides he lived across Lake Michigan so we would probably never meet.

So I told him it was ok and I really needed a piss. My clit was as hard as a rock and erect it is about 11/3" long. I was dripping with pussy juice and I could not wait for him to piss for me. I had never heard another person piss so closely before, let alone just for me. So he went into his bathroom (he lived alone) and held the phone so I could hear. At first it was just a few drops then I began to hear the hissing as he started to piss full force into the bowl. I was frigging my clit and I had a small orgasm just listening to him.

"Did you enjoy that?" he asked

what was he kidding it was a dream come true! "Yes" I replied still somewhat shy and in awe of him.

"now it is your turn" he said I asked him "are you hard and waiting?" "yes. Pulling on my cock as we speak" he said "ok I have to pee in a cup since I live with my parents I hope you don't mind" I said "no! That is not a problem at all!" he said

If he had not sounded so excited I probably would have chickened out. But I had to piss so bad! I was afraid the 32oz. Cup would not hold it all! 

I brought my ass to the edge of my couch and brought the cup to my lips. "here we go!" I said, and brought the phone over to the cup so he could hear all.

I had pretty good aim as I started. Usually it is slow to start but I was so excited and so full it started fast and furious. Splashing up against my hard clit before hitting the side of the cup. It felt so good to have hot piss hit my clit. The sound of my piss a strong hiss and the memory of his piss almost made me cum. It lasted all the way to about 30oz. Then I had to cut the flow or ruin the floor and the phone. 

I stemmed the tide and asked him if he liked it. He was breathing heavy and replied "oh yeah gonna cum" "would you like me to piss on you for real?" I asked. "feel my hot piss on your cock and balls as I stroke them for you? With your hand on my big clitty." I heard the heavy breathing turn into moans as he said "oh god I'm Cumming! Oh yeah!" "mm that sounded great I said but my clit is still rock hard!" I said in a sexy pout.

He asked me "are you rubbing your clitty?"

 "yes"(<Heavy breath)

"then take two fingers and grab that big clitty. Jack it like a cock!" I had never thought to do that and when I did I thought my head would explode from the pleasure. Pulling on my clit like it was a cock felt strange and forbidden. I was loving every minute of it. Finally I came in one glorious convulsion of release after another. "MMMMMM I am cummming" I whispered as loudly as I dared.

"That was great when can I call you again?" he asked "how about tomorrow." I said

More stories to cum!

Happy pissing!

