SEX ON THE BEACH
 A Real Life Adventure
Author: William Abbott

It was on Puget Sound, one summer that Anne and I spent our vacation driving up through northern California into Oregon. We didn’t go to the beach much during the day—that was for antiquing and poking through bookstores and such. But at night, the beaches took on this really magical quality. You don’t have to walk very far on some of them before they feel completely deserted.

Our second night in Seattle, we went back to the beach prepared. Anne had put in a contraceptive and she wore a long, flowing skirt with nothing under it. I wore sweat pants, so there’d be no fumbling with a zipper if we were interrupted. And then, because it turns me on, Anne drank a lot of water with dinner until she was starting to wriggle with a full bladder. We got to the beach and it seemed even darker and more awesome than it had the night before. We walked along hand-in-hand with a row of dunes to landward that blocked us from any houses or civilization that might have been there.

It felt so wild it was almost scary, standing there with waves lapping our ankles and looking out across the water at a horizon that just....didn’t..... end. The only light was from the stars—I don’t think there was even much of a moon—but our eyes adapted to the darkness and soon we noticed that the waves, where they broke and came rushing up onto the sand, were scintillating with the glow of luminous algae. And the sky was just enormous—stars and the Milky Way stretching from one horizon all the way overhead and then down to the other horizon. It made you shudder, feeling very small, standing on the edge of an ocean, on the edge of the galaxy...

We walked a little further. Anne was getting nicely desperate. I hooked the waistband of my sweats under my balls, and the night air was cool against the skin of my cock as it bobbed along in front of me. Soon we stopped and she lifted her skirt (a little timidly) and stood with her feet wide apart and let me watch as she pissed in the sand. We giggled to see the way the puddle between her feet spread and deepened and foamed, almost like beer. Then we kissed, and she guided me into her and I held her close to me as we stood, bodies pressed together, arms around each other, my hands running along her back and over her bottom. There was no worry about people coming by; her skirt draped around us and my sweats still covered my behind, and we might have just been embracing. In a pinch, we could have stepped away from each other and been perfectly decent. But everything—every sensation—was that much more charged from the vastness of our surroundings. And no one came. No one but us.

In almost twenty years of a marriage filled with some really great sex, that remains one of my fondest memories.

