A RIDE TO COLLEGE

Author: William Abbott

This story reads like autobiography, but alas, it's only a fantasy. Never happened, never likely to...but damn it's nice to think about.

I got some amazing fan mail about this story. One woman messaged me to say that reading it had given her a "hands-free orgasm...no touchy!"

Wow. As a writer, that is one of the highest honors I can imagine.

She’s cute enough to turn heads, with dark hair and a little button nose and full, firm, round breasts, but we’ve known each other since preschool and I’ve never thought of her as anything but a friend. She’s a couple of years younger than me, starting her senior year of college now. Since her school is sort of on the way to my graduate program, I’m giving her a ride.

It’s a hot, late-summer day and she’s wearing a very short sun dress cut low enough in the back that you can tell there’s no bra under it. In front it shows a bit of cleavage, and a bit more when she bends down to pick up her suitcases. In the car, when she turns to rummage for something in the back seat, the cloth puckers and suddenly there is so much skin showing that I’m amazed the nipple isn’t peeking out. I’m pretending to help her look in the back, but really my eyes are stuck, running over and over that velvety smooth swell of her breast.

On the road now. I’ve never been to her college, but she knows the way. “There’s a gas station just off the exit here,” she says, “with a Dunkin Donuts and a Subway.”

“We don’t need gas,” I say.

“Stop anyway,” she tells me. “I have to go to the bathroom really bad.”

I pull into the parking lot, but it looks closed. Surprising for the Labor Day weekend. We get out and walk up to the doors and find a handwritten sign, CLOSED FOR REPAIRS.

Oh my.

She bites her lip. She crosses her legs and wriggles. “I have to go!” My cock stiffens.

We get back in the car, and now she’s sitting with legs crossed. “God, I hope I make it,” she says. My cock is rigid, pressing against my fly. I feel bad for her, but the little guy has his own ideas.

Twenty minutes go by before we get to her exit. She has a hand squeezed between her legs now. Bare thighs. I remind myself to keep my eyes on the road. Ten more minutes and then we’re driving through the small college town. At a stoplight I look across at her. Her brow is furrowed, her jaw muscles tight. “Oh my God, my bladder’s about to explode!” she says. She’s actually gripping her crotch now (short dress hiked up even higher) and—my heart feels like it skips a beat—she’s knocking her knees together.

“It’s green,” she says. I drive on, and it’s an effort to hold the wheel steady. “Turn here,” she tells me, “and left up ahead. The Student Center is right in the middle of campus but you can’t park anywhere near it. We’ll park next to my dorm, drop my stuff, use the bathroom, and then go check in. That’s it over there.”

I pull into a visitor space and we get out. She pulls her backpack out of the back seat and slings it over one shoulder. As I’m locking the car she says, “Hurry up! I’m about to pee in my pants.” I follow her, walking quickly across a lawn where people are playing Frisbee. I know I’m bulging. I shove my hands into my pockets, trying to adjust a hard-on that I hope isn’t too outrageously obvious.

Running ahead of me, she reaches the front doors of the dorm, but they’re locked. She bangs on the glass with the palm of her hand, calling “Hello? Is anybody in there?” She’s standing with her legs crossed and twisting her body. She’s trying not dance in a way that’s obvious, but as I come up beside her she’s muttering to herself, “Damn it, damn it, God damn it! I have to pee!” She grabs my elbow and bobs up and down. “Come on,” she says, “we’ve got to go the Student Center to get my key card.”

We try other doors along the way. All locked. I notice a couple of shaded alcoves that we pass, and some bushes. I imagine her squatting there, pissing on the ground, but really there’s no place hidden enough. Everybody seems to be out and about on this sunny day. She marches on, walking with a stiff gate that shows the tension in her body. My cock is pointed straight up, underwear holding it flat against my abdomen, but it’s so swollen I feel like it must still be visible. I put my hand in my pockets again, tenting my jeans to mask the bulge.

Finally we come to a door that opens when she tries it. “Oh, thank God!” she breathes, but stepping inside, we find the building is a gutted shell. We stand in a maze of bare studs and sheet rock. She squeals in frustration and wriggles and grips her crotch with both hands, bending forward as she looks around at piles of construction materials on the naked cement floor. Ahead of us, against the far wall of the building, a few rooms seem to have been walled off. She skips and scampers ahead, still gripping herself between her legs. I run to keep up. And there, in that little room (no door yet—just an open doorway) is...yes... a glimmer of white porcelain. I know I should hang back, give her a little privacy, but my body is on autopilot. I follow her like iron filings chasing after a magnet.

It turns out I needn’t have worried. She reaches the doorway, leans in, and swears. As I catch up with her, she’s twisting her legs together, hands pressed between her thighs under her dress. I look in and see the toilet, still sitting in its packing crate, the cardboard unfolded like a flower around it. Next to me, she’s keening in agony and frustration. “I can’t hold it,” she howls. “I’m gonna wet my pants!”

My cock is pulsing with every beat of my heart. My skin, from my knees all the way up across my chest, is tingling from arousal.

Suddenly, she grabs me by the shoulders and spins me around so I’m facing the wall. Behind me, I hear a quick rustle of cloth. Oh my God. Can this be happening? I expect to hear pissing on the floor next, but instead she grabs my elbow and turns me again, pulling me after her as she hurries for the exit. As we walk, she shrugs off her backpack and stuffs something inside. She gives me a sidelong glance, red-faced with embarrassment, and mumbles an explanation. “Can’t wet my panties if I’m not wearing them,” she says. And then she’s two steps ahead of me, with that very short dress waving and fluttering with every step, and naked, naked, completely naked under such a tiny ruffle of cloth.

She pushes open the door, and I’m right behind her. It seems like her plan is to piss on the ground as soon as she’s outside—sitting, standing, whatever—but people are sitting on the stoop, sliding over to make room as we come out (and she’s naked under that dress) on the sidewalk in front of us, a group walks by, laughing and talking with one another. She takes my elbow again and holds onto me as she walks with mincing steps, thighs rubbing together. She’s muttering under her breath again, “I have to go, I have to go, I can’t hold it.” I’m having to work very hard now at just breathing normally. My heart is going pitta-pat and I’m actually trembling with arousal.

We come out onto another quadrangle of dorms. A wrought iron archway at the far end looks like it might lead to the Student Center. Do we make a run for it, or take the time to try these other dorms along the way?

A woman is coming towards us on rollerblades, wearing knee and elbow pads and a tie-dyed tee shirt. My friend flags her down and asks her, “Are there any buildings open with a bathroom? I really have to go.” There is more than a little desperation in her voice. The woman looks nonplussed, but manages, “Um... Uh, yeah, I think the Student Center is open. It’s down that way, through the arch and then just past...” My friend interrupts her, “Yeah, I know where it is, thanks,” and waves her off.

We make it maybe a dozen steps and then she takes my hand and pulls me off the path and out onto the lawn. “Sit down with me,” she says.

“What?”

She drops to her knees and pats the grass next to her. “And talk to me,” she says. “Like we were just sitting here having a conversation.” She sits back on her heels with her feet a little apart, flipping the hem of her skirt so she’s not sitting on it. Didi...? Did I just catch a glimpse of her bare bottom? She smoothes the skirt around her.

I sit. I’m shaking like a leaf. Does it show?

“Just two people!" she says, “sitting and having a conversation.”

I look at her and blink. “I... Ah...”

“And don’t look at me.” She’s smiling sheepishly, her cheeks deep red. She covers her face with her hands.

I turn to lie on my stomach next to her, facing away, my cock pressed into the soft grass. I fix my gaze on the wrought iron filigree at the far end of the quadrangle.

And then I can hear it—a hissing sound, faint at first and then growing louder. Holy Jesus Christ, I can hear her pissing in the grass righ next to me. Her bare knee is just inches from my arm.

I don’t think I’ve ever in my life been this aroused with absolutely no opportunity to do anything about it. My whole body feels like its electrified. If only I could touch myself, if I were alone for just a moment, I think a half a dozen strokes is all I would need...

And it gets louder. The hiss of water in the grass becomes the frothing sound of water under pressure spraying into a puddle. And it goes on.

My arousal is pins and needles over my skin, and then it gathers itself in my lower belly, fizzing like soda pop, and suddenly I realize I’m going to cum.

Next to me, her water begins to ebb, a faucet being turned from full blast down to a trickle, and then stops, but then she lets go a last spurt and then another and now I’m concentrating very hard, focusing all of my will on not moving a muscle—not even trusting myself to breathe—as the glow in my belly swells and explodes like fireworks at the base of my cock and then out and I’m cumming, cumming, and there’s absolutely nothing I can do about it. I’m pumping into my pants, every bit as helpless as my friend next to me, the two of us both releasing into the lush green grass, into the Earth, out in full sunlight in the open in front of everyone and no one knows.

I breathe, at last.

She stands up before I do. I can hear her smoothing her skirt down, and then she offers me her hand. I take it, and looking up at her I am greeted by her breasts again as her dress falls forward. I remind myself to look at her face. Her dark hair frames a smile—embarrassment, yes, but maybe a bit of mischief as well. She helps me to my feet.

“Don’t tell anyone,” she says. “You’ve got to promise never to tell anyone, OK?”

“Promise,” I say. I’m looking into her eyes, holding her gaze. I can’t tell if I’ve left a wet spot on the front of my jeans, but I don’t want her seeing it if I have.

She takes my hand. “Come on,” she says, “I still need to find a bathroom.”

“Still?”

“Yeah, well... My thighs are wet; I need to... you know. And I really want to get back into my underpants.”

We walk hand-in-hand the rest of the way across the campus, but the intensity of that moment was just that—a moment. Half an hour later I’m back on the road, and though I’ve thought of her wistfully a few times since, she and I have remained just friends. We’ve never spoken of that day again.
