Naughty Drunk Girls

Author: Penny (2002-04-20 at 03:25) #68641

Sharon, Alicia and Tara were on holiday at a caravan park. During a long drinking session at the local pub the conversation turned to things they had done at school. Alicia and Sharon had been at school together and were reminiscing about old times. Sharon reminded Alicia about a pissing contest that they had held in the school toilets to see who could pee the furthest. “I could beat everybody hands down” she bragged. “I could piss further than all of you”. Tara looked a little embarrassed as all the pub could hear but the other two were well gone and past caring. “Bet you couldn’t now though” said Alicia, “We’ll see about that later” replied Sharon as she ordered some more drinks.

Later, Tara got up to go to the toilet. “Where do you think you’re going” asked Sharon “Don’t think you’re going to get out of this competition”. Tara was a little doubtful, she’d been to a posher school and wasn’t used to such things, she’d never peed in front of anybody before but as she was quite tipsy and was beginning to feel a little horny at the prospect she sat down and tried to ignore the increasing pressure from all that wine. “OK but don’t be too long or I might have an accident”. She looked at the large glass of wine in front of her and wondered how she would hold on.

After a couple more bottles of wine all three girls were desperate to go, Alicia was squirming on the pub seat and Sharon had her hand between her legs. By now Tara was as drunk as the others and past caring about her predicament. She would happily have peed herself there and then. “If you don’t let me go soon I’ll do it right here in my knickers” she giggled. “OK let’s go” said Sharon. The three drunken girls headed for the site caravan site, or more to the point, the site toilet block.

The girls entered the block, a scruffy old building with concrete floors, four cubicles and a sink. “Bags I go first” said Alicia “What are the rules” asked Tara. “You’ll see. You have to get as far back from the bowl as you can. Make sure there’s nobody coming”. Tara peeped out and confirmed the coast was clear. She watched astonished and also very turned on as Alicia stepped drunkenly out of her knickers and stuffed them in her handbag. “Get em off then girls”. Tara and Sharon removed their panties, Tara noticing hers were already wet from excitement. “Hurry up I’m dribbling already” said Sharon”.

Alicia stood just outside the first cubicle door, lifted her skirt and with her legs apart and her pussy thrust forward started to pee into the air. At first she couldn’t quite reach the rim of the toilet and a yellow stream ran down the front of the bowl but she moved forward a little and managed to reach, even though most of it was still splashing onto the seat. Tara watched spellbound, Sharon was in fits of laughter, “I can’t wait, I’m going now”. She took the second cubicle but was laughing so much as she started that her pee went everywhere, none of it was going in the bowl, she was peeing all over the floor in front of the bowl as she collapsed with laughter! She had also let her skirt fall down and was soaking that too. “I told you you couldn’t do it anymore” said Alicia triumphantly

As the last of the other girl’s streams subsided and the last dribbles landed on the floor it was Tara’s turn. Tara was shaking with the excitement of being so naughty, she’d never done anything like this before. She positioned herself outside the third cubicle and with her hand pressing on her clit pissed as hard as she could. Tara’s pee stream cleared the toilet and hit the concrete wall behind it! With the excitement of watching her golden stream running down the wall she became more daring and sprayed some up the walls at the side as well. Getting more carried away, she turned out of the cubicle and aimed her hot stream towards the sink, hitting the white tiles behind it and splashing everywhere. Breathing in the heady strong smell of the girl’s fresh urine and the sight of her own stream running everywhere, she couldn’t help masturating herself the the best orgasm she’d ever had as her stream subsided and the last few drops trickled out in front of her.

As Tara came to her senses she realised that the other girls also had their hands between their legs and were rubbing furiously. She had certainly won the competition. Who’d have thought it, the girl from the posh school who’d never even peed in front of anybody before, let alone outside the toilet, pissing on the floor and up the wall. As the girls left the soaked and very smelly toilets Tara reflected that she probably wouldn’t be using the toilet in a proper manner in future, this is far more fun! Her caravan bed was certainly soaked later thinking of the nights exploits.
