She Can Wait

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-11-17)

Some time ago I had a fascinating girlfriend named Ebony, not fascinating for her looks (though she was very attractive!), or for her personality (though she was smart, funny, everything I like in a girl), but fascinating for her habit – she would always try her hardest to pee as infrequently as possible. It didn’t matter if she was out in public or by herself in her apartment. When I saw her, Ebony would doubtlessly be putting her habit into effect (and putting her bladder into use) by holding her pee, even when she was obviously desperate to go. I didn’t understand her habit, but it didn’t affect our relationship. She had no problem with me peeing when we were out, in fact she seemed even a bit smug to be able to wait so much longer than I could.

And as long as I didn’t have to hold it myself, I didn’t mind if she indulged herself, at least in the beginning. At first when I discovered her pee holding, I was dumbfounded. Then, after doing some googling, I suspected it was for fetish. But she denied this countless times, and I’m sure she was telling the truth. She got no physical pleasure from straining her bladder, but mentally she simply had to be in control of it. There was no real reason for this, she couldn’t think of one even when pressed, but nevertheless Ebony needed to be in total control of the building, burning liquid inside her, no matter how long she’d already contained it for. I couldn’t understand it, but eventually it frustrated me that she continued to hold on when relief was so easy to obtain. Finally I couldn’t hold my tongue anymore.

One day we decided to go to a big amusement park together. I picked Ebony up at 8 am sharp outside her apartment, and she looked so sexy! Another thing Ebony followed with fervor was to dress in as tight and restricting clothing as possible, because to her that was as sexy as it gets! So she’d opted for a very tight white t-shirt and skintight jeans…except neither were skintight, because she’d managed to fit them over a restricting black catsuit, one obviously much too small for her hourglass frame. I knew she’d be sweating the moment we got to the park, but this was normal for her, so I didn’t mention that. I did decide to needle her a bit about her feminine needs, however, asking, “My God, honey, you look fantastic! Better than ever! But…how will you take a pee when you need to go at the park? I don’t see a zipper on that catsuit, and anyway it’s much too much of a hassle to take it off to do such things.”

Ebony gave me a frown as she told me in no uncertain terms, “Come on now baby. Why do you ask me these questions? Of course I will not need relief when we are out, or at all for that matter! That silly girl need is no need of mine! I let my flood free at midnight, if you must know, so today I will be totally comfortable.” I couldn’t help but scoff at this, “Ebony, I know you are good at controlling yourself, but even you said yourself that you needed a relief last night! I know you will need it again! Just stop this game and pee when you need to!”

Now Ebony bristled at me, “Oh why don’t you shut up?! I’m enough of an adult not to need to pee if I don’t want to! So how bout this – not only will I not pee for as long as it takes to convince you I’m above such a trite and silly need, but if my head gets crazy in the heat and I ask you for a bathroom, which I won’t, by the way, because I can control such things, but even if I do, you should tell me no and to hold longer, and I will. I am the master of my bladder, even when it’s bursting, and I’ll prove it to you!” My eyes widened at this challenge, “Well darling I gladly accept, but just so you know, I may take a long time to convince.” But Ebony was resolute, “Then I will hold it a long long time!”

As we drove out to the amusement park, I couldn’t help but be happy with how our challenge would surely end up for poor Ebony. Finally I’d prove to her that she had a limit, would cure her of this silly habit, and perhaps she’d be convinced and give it up. All I had to do was make her pee herself, and considering how long Ebony was known to wait, that shouldn’t be much of a problem. We made small talk and spoke about couple’s things for a while, and by 11 am we reached the park. Back on good terms, I opened the car door for her and instantly saw the sweat begin to form on her face as the heat of the day hit her. The latex trap she was wearing would surely make her day as sweaty as could be. “Better drink a lot to make sure you’re not fainting.” I told her, pointing at the sun. “Oh I plan to, don’t worry.” She replied with a confident smile. Damn her confidence was sexy, even when it made her do things I didn’t like! I put my hand on her firm ass and we entered the park.

Within minutes Ebony complained of being hungry, so we went to a food stand and bought some lunch. Ebony hemmed and hawed over a drink size until she saw a special promotion on the corner of the display sign. “Monster Chugger – Unlimited Free Refills at any Park Location - $20”

“I’ll have the Monster Chugger,” Ebony told the teen running the register. The boy scratched his head and said, “Are you sure? It’s a really bad deal. No one ever finishes it and gets to use the refills. Maybe try a Large instead.” Now Ebony got mad, “I said I want the Monster Chugger and that’s what I want! I’ll drink it all in hours! Don’t even put in ice. I want only my soda in there!” The teen backed off with fear in his eyes and relented. Of course, then Ebony looked at my lovingly, batting her eyes, because I had to actually pay the $20 for the drink. But I swallowed the pain in my wallet and did so, knowing the big drink would help my cause of filling her bladder. I began to get confident that she wouldn’t even make it through the afternoon if the drink was as large as it was claimed.

It wasn’t as big – it was bigger. The Monster Chugger was positively enormous. The plastic cup had to be 3 liters in volume, filled to the max with Ebony’s favorite soda. Ebony had to cradle it with two hands as we walked away, but she refused to let me help her out of pride. “Well you may indeed finish that soda,” I began, watching as Ebony beamed at me for taking her side, but I continued, “But only if you make a visit to the restrooms halfway through! There’s no way you can hold that much!” Ebony’s face darkened when she answered me, “You know what, I will hold it all! Sure, some of it will sweat out with these uncomfortable latex things on me, but I’ll just fill it again and keep drinking…….And keep WAITING, once it empties. Trust me, it will empty, but my bladder will stay full.” Once more I told her it wasn’t possible, but now Ebony was through talking. She just put the straw in her mouth and started sucking down soda.

We started going on rides and enjoying ourselves, even if Ebony was clearly dying of heat as the sun continued rising. By 1 in the afternoon she’d downed over half her ridiculous soda, and though I’d had just a normal soda, I was feeling the urge to relieve myself. I told Ebony this and she smirked, “Of course, the boy always has to pee first. Go ahead, then, find the bathrooms and let it out.” I managed to return her smirk, “Oh, the boy has to go first? When you say that, that means that the girl has to go at some point too, right?” I playfully patted her bladder area, which felt firm. Ebony didn’t like my response and answered, “Of course not! Just an expression dear. My bladder is still feeling fine, even with 13 hours since my last relief…and many more to come!” We reached the restrooms and she stood defiantly outside them while I hastily peed into the urinal of the men’s room. I exited and we continued riding rides.

The day wore on and by 3 pm I was met with a shock. Ebony presented me with her Monster Chugger cup…except it was now totally empty! She had done it. Wiping a bit from her lips, Ebony smiled and asked me sweetly to refill it for her. We found the nearest kiosk and the man behind the desk was more than happy to give us our new soda, but he also chided us, “I’ll bet it took both of you all day to down this, huh?” I was going to let it pass, but Ebony would have none of it, replying, “Actually sir, it was just me that drank it. Yup! I drank it all and haven’t even been to a toilet since!” The man was speechless, so we took the new soda and left, and Ebony began to work on it as well, despite her belly surely being filled already.

At 5 in the afternoon I noticed Ebony was trailing behind me. “Honey, what’s keeping you?” I asked. I turned and saw that she was clenching her thighs together briefly. It was clear that the soda was finally starting to affect even her mammoth bladder. I figured Ebony had to be at least 2 liters full in that region, and there was no way her bladder could hold much more! But she straightened up before I could say anything and flashed me another smile. “I am fine, baby! My latex is just becoming uncomfortable, so I had to adjust it. Surely that is ok?”

“Of course baby,” I said, pretending to believe her lie. However, an hour later I wasn’t so sure if she was telling the truth or not. Despite walking all over the park, Ebony had made no comments about her bladder and had not stopped again or shown any signs of bursting. Ebony saw me staring and asked what the matter was. “I was going to ask you that!” I replied, “You have drank so much, I was expecting you to become fidgety, but it seems you really are immune to such needs!” My girlfriend’s face shone with pride as she told me, “Yes, see? I can control my needs as much as I want.”

“I just hope you can keep controlling…the day is not over yet,” I muttered, but Ebony’s cheeriness would not be undone by my cynicism, “Oh no baby, I told you, that I don’t give in to such urges. I am fine and will continue to be fine.” We walked on.

By 7 pm I noticed that Ebony’s legs were becoming restless every so often, despite what I presumed were her best efforts to stop them. I said nothing, waiting for nature to take its course. But Ebony continued to be strong, even with 19 hours of pee residing in her. We got dinner at the park (after I had to pee once more), ate (and by the way, during dinner Ebony finished her Monster Chugger a second time! Still with no breaks!), and walked around, enjoying each other’s company and being in love. At 10 pm the park was closing, and besides a slight increase in her fidgety legs, Ebony’s desperation had not increased at all. I was amazed that she could resist the urges for so long having drank so much.

And she was still able to make conversation with me after 22 hours of holding! What a woman! We went to my car and while my plan was to take Ebony home, instead she suggested, “Why don’t you get us a hotel room instead? It’s much too late to drive for so long.” I couldn’t help but agree to her whims, but in my mind I was thinking. Did Ebony want to get a hotel room close by so that she could pee quickly when we reached it, rather than wait the 3 hour ride back to her place? Or perhaps did she want to hold longer, because I knew that while she hated using her own toilet, she hated any other toilet much much more! I was going to find out, as we pulled into a hotel parking lot and got checked in, reaching our room by 10:30 at night.

Now my dark-skinned goddess shed her t-shirt and her jeans, standing in just her black latex catsuit for my viewing pleasure. And I saw that this was not an ordinary catsuit, but one with a corseted middle for even tighter restrictions! Ebony modeled for me for a few minutes, her legs shaking slightly, before she climbed onto the bed and we began to watch some late night TV. This continued until Ebony began to fidget with greater urgency, and at midnight she popped up from the bed and went into the bathroom. I was ready to hear the hiss of her pee in the bowl so that I could gloat about my victory, but none came to my ears. After 30 seconds I also left the bed to go check on her, and found my iron-bladdered girlfriend brushing her teeth with her legs crossed tightly and an expression of concentration on her face. Oh how she must have wanted to pee out her load, the inviting white bowl being right there in front of her! But she was not making a move towards it.

After she finished Ebony turned to me, still with legs crossed hard. “Dear, I have to ask you now, are you convinced yet that I can hold as long as I want, fighting off any pressure that might come to me?” I saw through her words and looked at her sweaty face. The girl was desperate after hiding her needs all this time! Surely her bladder would burst if it didn’t get relief this instant. I could only imagine how it felt, having so much liquid inside but having it pressed together by the unforgiving corseted catsuit! She had resisted valiantly for 24 hours with loads of drinks, but now her fate was in my hands, and if I let up now, she’d assume this meant a victory for her. I couldn’t have that. She needed to lose her cocky attitude with her bladder and give up the game of holding herself.

So I did what I had to do, “Honey, I thought you said you could resist as long as you wanted to. It’s been just 24 hours! Are you really ready to give up yet?” I saw nerves in her eyes, but there was no wavering in her voice as Ebony responded, “Oh, no, it’s crazy of you to think that. Of course I can hold longer if you need more proof! Just with the toilet so close I had a moment of weakness, but it will not happen again! My bladder will have to keep expanding and keep shut.” Having said her piece, Ebony walked with halting steps out of the hotel room’s bathroom and lay back on the bed.

She went under the covers and made no move to remove her sweaty latex wears. The fact that she wanted to stay tightly enclosed in them even after the hold she had endured impressed me to no end, and I decided I needed to be more impressed. So I grabbed her empty Monster Chugger cup, filled it from the bathroom tap, and gave it to her. Ebony’s eyes went wide, but then she smiled and chugged down a good liter of it before turning over, inviting me into the covers, and falling asleep against my shoulder. I shut my eyes, and soon sleep took me as well.

I awoke the next morning to the feeling of rustling in the covers. Rubbing my eyes, I discovered the reason for the noise was Ebony. She was awake, and evidently her bladder was giving her some problems, because she was moving her legs constantly under the covers. Ebony soon noticed my movement and exclaimed, “Oh, good! You’re awake, love! It’s 9 am, and as you can see I haven’t had any pee throughout the night!” I nodded, doing the math in my head. That meant 33 hours total since my girlfriend had felt any type of relief, and all the time she had been locked in that torturous latex catsuit. I looked at her and realized that she had announced that she was still dry to give me an opening to congratulate her and let her go and finally expel her hot load of piss.

Her face was red and sweaty, and I could tell she was nearing her limits. Or at least, so I thought. So I replied to her, “Oh yes, baby, you’re doing great! Let’s see how today goes! Or do you need a relief now, with all the day still to come?” Ebony’s smile faltered for a second before she told me, “Oh, no, of course I can last longer. It’s just that this catsuit is starting to drive me crazy with its tightness. Also my morning pee urge is at its highest right now, as you can plainly see…” I nodded, “Yes, I can see that. It’s a good thing you can still easily hold off, huh?” I was goading her now, playing with her maniacal pride. “Erm…yes, of course baby. Easily…” Ebony said the last word with contempt, as if it was the thing causing her all this pain instead of the monstrous amount of pee she was attempting to contain. And not just attempting to contain, I had to remind myself, in awe of her abilities once more, but succeeding.

“So, what were you thinking of doing today?” my girlfriend asked me with gritted teeth, trying to take her mind off of her predicament. “Well,” I answered, “First I’m going to take a shower. Then we can go out, get some food….oh, there is a soccer match playing at the arena today, perhaps we can go to that!”

“Terrific.” Ebony nodded flatly. I smiled at her, feigning obliviousness to her condition, then went and took my shower. Though normally I love showering with my buxom girlfriend, today I didn’t even give her the offer, because I wanted her to remain trapped in her latex prison and I wanted her to continue to sweat under the tight clothes. She should feel no relief of any kind until she is willing to admit defeat. And not just admit it, but actually be defeated by the pee pounding the walls of her aching bladder.

I finished my shower, also making sure to pee while in there, imagining how much the sound of running water was making her squirm, then dried, dressed, and went out to see Ebony at the door with our things packed, dressed now in a tight red top and a belted micro skirt over her catsuit. She was bent over and holding herself, but when she noticed I was entering the room she made a big effort to stop herself and stand, remaining motionless except for a twitch in her leg and the scrunched up effort of her face. “Shall…shall we go, then?” she asked me, her eyes looking passed mine and towards the toilet in the bathroom. “Yes, let’s get moving.” I replied sadistically. And so we left the hotel and headed to our car. It was 10 am, and my girlfriend was willingly leaving the hotel room and her last best chance at bladder relief despite a bladder throbbing with 34 hours of intense piss need.

I drove us to a restaurant to get some breakfast, and Ebony choked down a couple glasses of orange juice with her meal, as I reminded her to stay hydrated while she wore such restricting clothing. “It is really no problem, you don’t have to remind me,” she tried to tell me, but I insisted it was for the best. We finished our meal, then realized we had time before the soccer match. I offered to take us to a nearby museum for some sightseeing, and Ebony was in no position to refuse such an offer. We reached the museum by noon and now I was once again shocked. I was sure that my strong-willed girlfriend was mere moments from wetting all over herself back at the hotel in the morning, but now here we were, back in public, and by some monumental effort Ebony was standing straight up, walking normally, and looking as if she didn’t have a care in the world, much less a ticking time bomb of a bladder that needed emptying in the worst way.

I observed her for half an hour while pretending to look at artwork, then came up from behind her and put my arms around her abdomen, squeezing slightly as I did it. The effect was instantaneous. Ebony froze, her breath caught in her throat, and she nearly moved her legs across each other, but with sphincter strength alone she resisted any urges she had. The bladder I felt was more than rockhard, it was like feeling steel! My girlfriend was so powerful! “Do you not like my hugs darling?” I asked innocently. Her breathing was shallow, but her voice was firm as Ebony replied, “Oh no, honey, do what you want. Of course I am ok.” I couldn’t believe my ears, but I squeezed her tighter anyway. Besides a light groan Ebony fought off the increased pressure with no outward signs, an incredible feat for a girl holding over 36 hours! I let my hands leave her and began to roam the museum again, my head spinning. Perhaps she was telling the truth and really had no limit?!? I had to find out now.

We walked around the museum until 3 pm, and Ebony managed to keep up her facade of normalcy even as sweat poured off her face from her efforts. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, but with a 39 hours full bladder Ebony was able to talk rationally about paintings while keeping her legs apart. I had made no mention of her incredible endurance, but as we finally began leaving for our soccer match, Ebony said, “See, I can behave normally even without toilets! Have I made my point?” I turned and regarded my girlfriend. Even though the latex catsuit was supposed to have no give at all with its tightness, her bladder had expanded so much that it was clearly bulging way outwards against the material, pushing her skirt waistband down nearly to crotch level.

At this point I nearly gave in and admitted defeat, but before I could a stronger part of my brain reminded me of the task at hand, and I told her, “Oh darling, you are surely holding on well, but the soccer match is coming up and we can’t be late for it! I know it will be no problem for you to wait longer, right?” Annoyance showed on her pursed lips, but then Ebony said, “Yes of course I do not actually need relief before the match…..or after for that matter!” I smiled at her and we were on our way.

We reached the stadium by 5 pm, bought our tickets, and made our way through the crowd to our seats. Ebony elected to sit and hold them while I got us food, so off I went. Deliberately I got her the largest size drink and filled it to the top with iced tea. When I returned I spied my girlfriend sitting rigidly upright, both hands in her lap, looking anything but the calm, cool, and collected girl she normally was. I knew her 41 hour bladder must be wreaking havoc on her body by now. But she was making no move to get up and find the nearest women’s restroom. I stared at her for a good five minutes, then made my presence known and came next to her with the food and drinks. Ebony looked surprised to see me back so soon and quickly tried to make her appearance more normal. She leaned back into her seat, causing her bladder to bulge almost comically upward from her abdomen, and the new position caused her to grunt and intake breath sharply.

Her legs began to shake a little as I handed her the large beverage, but Ebony did not try to move back to her previous, more comfortable positon. “You…you know, baby, perhaps I do not need such a large drink. I am not that thirsty, you see.” Ebony began, clearly trying to figure out how to fit even more liquid into her heavily distended bladder. “Nonsense,” I replied sternly, “You need to drink all you can. Perhaps you are just weak and need a toilet to give you more room for it.” Ebony opened her mouth, closed it, thought for a moment, and then told me, “Fine, of course I am not a weak kid who needs to stop what they are doing or drink less because of my silly bladder. It’s crazy for you to even suggest it!” Without further complaint she began to drink down the iced tea, though I could see it plainly in her eyes that the new liquid was bothering her.

We sat and made chit chat, though Ebony was now shifting around in her seat every so often, and finally the match started at 7 pm. Ebony really did love soccer, so she was able to somewhat take her mind off of her pressing urges to watch it with me, but at all times one hand remained firmly against her upper thighs. It was obvious that she was clenching her sphincter rhythmically every few minutes to keep control, and I knew that eventually even her iron sphincter muscle would tire.

Then the flood would be set free and I would be the winner of this challenge. Halftime came and I noticed that Ebony’s drink was nearly empty, so I made a show of going to refill it for her, despite her efforts to tell me she did not need more. I returned just before the second half with the new drink, and Ebony managed a small and obviously fake smile at this. But she continued to drink and watch the soccer match, her feet slowly becoming intertwined until her legs were crossed firmly with 15 minutes of action left. Finally the match was over at 9 pm. I got up but Ebony did not follow.

“Are you coming?” I asked as she sat, quivering in the chair. “Yes, of course, just give me a minute to…get more comfortable first.” She replied, trying to muster enough self-control to stand. I would have none of it. “Come on now, you’re a grown woman, let’s go.” I pulled her arm and forced her into a standing position, and instantly she let out a squeal and bent double, clutching between her legs. This was it! The moment I had been waiting for, surely her flood was about to be let loose! But then…nothing. Ebony huddled like that for maybe 10 seconds, teetering right on the edge, but then she regained her control enough to stand straightly and begin walking with me to the exit. I was in awe.

As we walked through the stadium I noticed that Ebony was craning her neck and looking around a good bit. “Honey are you searching for a restroom? Come on they are of course all closed by now. Let’s just go back to our hotel room.” I suggested. “No…no…why would I be looking for that? I am a…a…grown woman after all. I do not need a bathroom.” Ebony replied, but her voice lacked conviction and her eyes continued to search. She was so desperate that she did not even realize I had told her we were going back to the hotel, where she would not want to pee, rather than to her apartment.

We reached the hotel by 10 pm, and Ebony stumbled in, clutching at her bulging belly, now 46 hours full of pent up pee. She shed out of her skirt and top, remaining in just the latex catsuit and the damning corset attachment. The latex was now so tight across her abdomen that it looked as if it couldn’t move another millimeter. But my, what a bulge! It was fantastic now, as though Ebony was containing a bowling ball in her catsuit, rather than just a bowling ball-sized bladder. I shut the door to our room and while there was now nothing to do but get ready for bed, Ebony couldn’t help but keep walking and pacing to and fro. Her desperation seemed to be peaking with relief now so close at hand, and she was muttering to herself as she paced, hands clenched into fists at her sides, 46 hours of boiling pee begging to be set free.

I spent another hour using the toilet, brushing my teeth, taking a shower, etc while she paced, growing more and more frantic by the minute. At 11 pm, finally Ebony came into the bathroom with me and said, “Please, baby, help me get out of this latex catsuit. It is too tight on me and I need to…I need….” I knew she wanted to tell me that she needed to pee, but still her ridiculous pride would not let her, even as she stood here bursting, mere moments from pissing all over her expensive catsuit. “Don’t be silly darling,” I told her, “I want you to stay sexy while you sleep next to me, so your catsuit should stay on at all times. I don’t think this should be a problem for you, especially since you can control yourself so well.” Ebony couldn’t believe I would still refuse her, but she was so desperate that she simply accepted this instead of arguing.

As I came to bed my beautiful girlfriend was a hot sweaty mess, gyrating on the bed covers to maintain her scant control of her enormous bladder. I turned out the light and pretended to go to sleep, instead keeping one eye open so I could watch my prideful girlfriend fight her losing battle with her desperate, quivering bladder. Ebony stayed where she was for the first hour or so of the night, shaking with need. Then she moved to the foot of the bed and began bouncing on it with her legs clenched together and her hands wedged against her crotch. Around 2 am Ebony began pacing once more, but now it was even more frantic, as she was nearly running from one side of the room to the other and double crossing her legs at each end. Her bladder was refusing to calm down, instead amping up the pressure against her awesome sphincter in a bid to rid itself of the hurting piss inside it. I was by now incredibly tired, but also so turned on watching her display that I had no problem staying awake.

At 4 am Ebony briefly seemed to go crazy with her need, ripping at her latex catsuit with her bare hands and trying in vain to loosen the sadistically tight corset. Nothing worked, as it was clear she’d need my help to escape her predicament. After that incident, I noted that Ebony was glancing more and more frequently at my “sleeping” form while she pee danced. It took me a moment, but I realized that she was now at her wit’s end. The only way out of this torture was to swallow her pride and ask me to undo the corset, remove the catsuit from her, and let her have access to the toilet. For nearly an hour she fought against her pride to ask me. Many times she would nearly open her mouth to shout to me, then close it and slam her fist into her leg in dismay before going back to fighting the waves of bladder urgency. I was more than impressed with her fighting spirit, but finally her willpower could take no more.

At 5 am she dove into the bed and shook me awake. “Baby! Baby! Please, help me out of this latex trap! I can’t do it anymore! I need to pee!” The words were magic to my ears. I told her to turn around, and she did, legs jiggling madly. Her ass wobbled in such alluring fashion as her legs did their dance of desperation, and I made myself snap out of my trance before feigning undoing her corset. After ten seconds of faking it, I stopped and said to her, a gleam in my eye, “But darling, I seem to remember you telling me something. What was it?.....Oh yes, it was that if you asked me for a bathroom, I was to tell you no and to tell you that you should hold it longer.” Ebony snapped around, her eyes wide with fear, “Baby! You cannot be serious! Clearly I was just saying things, you should know that! I really need to pee now! It will come out on its own!”

But I shook my head, “No love, I think you can keep waiting. After all it’s only been 53 hours. I know you can do better than that, being such a grown up adult woman.” Ebony looked at me like I was crazy. Her enormous bladder was filled to its bursting point, busting at the seams, and I was refusing her access to the toilet after more than 53 hours without it! I waited for the flood to start in earnest, but then Ebony shoved her hands into her crotch and yelled at me, “Fine! Damn you! Fine! I will try to wait!”

From that moment onwards Ebony’s pee dancing increased tenfold. What I thought had been desperation was nothing compared to the show she began putting on now. She was going insane with her need to pee, her bladder bulging out to ridiculous degrees and me asking her to keep it that way. It was more than anyone could stand, but as the morning went on, she somehow continued to stand it and keep dry. Finally, at 10 am, I readied our things and told her that we would be leaving the room for our day. “What?!?” she screamed at me, “You want me to go out like this?! Are you crazy!?” Her legs were double crossed and she seemed to be trying to triple cross them, and her bladder was jutting out even an inch or two further than it had been. But she was in no position to argue, and so we left the hotel room, her cursing me every step of the way.

Once in the car, Ebony had to rifle her legs up and down to stay in charge of her 58 hours bladder. “Where are we going??” she nearly spat at me. “Now honey,” I began, “That’s not a very nice way to ask…”

“Fuck you! Just tell me already! I’m dying to have a pee and I don’t care if it’s rude! You keeping me from the bathroom after nearly 60 hours is rude!” She returned fire, and I couldn’t help but agree with her logic, so I told her, “We are going on an all day cruise down at the waterfront. I thought you’d like to see the water today.” Just the thought of water doubled the intensity of Ebony’s bladder spasms, and I actually feared my car seat would become wet as I drove us to the ship. But Ebony’s iron control still would not be broken, and by noon we reached the place, her holding her bladder in control now for 60 hours.

We boarded the ship after paying for tickets and smiled at all the crew, some of whom wanted to help my girlfriend, who by now couldn’t help but walk funny in public. I knew she was near her limits, but I refused her the help, explaining that she was just tired. As soon as we passed them and were on our own, Ebony bent cross-legged and hissed, “Dammit, please find me a bathroom on this bloody ship! I will lose it all!” Again I calmly reminded her of the promise she made to keep holding even after she begged for a toilet, and she cried out in rage and despair before going back to trying to rip the latex bodysuit right off of her sweating form.

The bladder bulge on her was insane and she could barely stand up straight from the size and weight of it, so I knew these were desperate times. But I made sure to offer no assistance and wait for her to tire herself out with the unforgiving latex. Eventually she gave up her fight with the material when more shipgoers entered our view. “I am at my limits! Damn you, I will lose all control!” Ebony told me as we continued to stroll along the top deck of the ship.

The ship left port at 1 pm and Ebony had to clutch her abdomen as new urges ripped through her due to the movement. Her bladder was swelled absolutely massively. I suggested we stand next to another couple by the railing and watch the water. Ebony protested, but I dragged her along and she was more than preoccupied with keeping her awesome flood contained.

At the sight of the water Ebony tried to maintain what little composure she still possessed, but rocking legs soon turned to crossed legs, which became one hand near her crotch, and then, despite being in full view of the other couple, Ebony sat down against the railing and drove both hands deep into the crotch of her latex catsuit, trying not to wail from the pressure. I thought for sure she would lose control now, but still nothing. Her sphincter was passing limits previously untouched. After five minutes of her laying there while the other couple looked on in shock, Ebony managed to reach her feet and we slowly walked away, into the dining cabin of the ship.

We got our food for lunch and I made Ebony drink two glasses of water despite her embattled protests. “Don’t you understand?! I am full! Totally full! This has nowhere to go!” She yelled at me, but I quieted her down and made her finish it. She kept complaining throughout the meal and when we were done, it was 2 pm and I was tired of it. “Ok, come on now, if it really hurts that much, then take a pee right here, right in your latex wears!” At the mention of relief, Ebony bent double to keep her sphincter tightly locked down.

“No…I pee only in the toilet, and only when I must.” She finally replied to me, still bent double and clutching her watermelon of a bladder. “Then I’m sorry baby, but your pride is the only thing keeping you from an empty bladder now. You can go if it’s not in a toilet.” This seemed to drive Ebony’s bladder spasms into overdrive, but as she sunk to the floor once more she was breathing in and out rapidly, “No, I will control….I will control…No, I will control…only a toilet…”

After 62 hours and still no pee, we left the dining cabin and went to our own personal cabin below the deck. Ebony was tired so I allowed her to rest, and after getting no sleep the night previous she lay down and was instantly out, even with her beach ball bladder jutting precariously out of her, threatening to flood the room in dark yellow piss. I then also realized how tired I was from staying up all night to watch her desperation show, and even the sight of her mammoth bladder couldn’t keep me awake. I lay down next to her and we slept soundly.

We awoke to the tooting of the ship’s horn. “Oh my! How long did we sleep?! We must have returned to port for the night! Come on, we must leave quickly.” I said, rising and reaching the door in seconds. I checked my watch and saw it was now 8 pm. Ebony did not follow. “Give me some time, baby, my bladder is cramping so badly now!” The girl was laying on her back to give her bladder maximum room against its latex prison, but it was clear it was still being squashed to a great degree.

“No time! If we stay down here the ship will leave again and we will be trapped on it until the next time it makes port! It could be days more away!” Now I knew for a fact that this ship was not leaving again until the next morning, because I had read the ship’s schedule posted in the dining hall while Ebony was fighting her desperation, but my girlfriend knew no better than to trust me, and the threat of spending more untold hours with no chance of relief was too much for her to bear. As fast as she could manage, Ebony rose from the cot, put both hands under her bulging abdomen to steady her bladder, and followed me with hobbling steps.

We were the last passengers off the boat and went to our car. Ebony had lasted through part of the day with her nap, but I knew now how to beat her bladder once and for all. The constant suggestions of relief had driven her closer and closer to the edge, so now I threw down the ultimate gauntlet.

“Baby, I am tired after these days together. What say we go to your apartment and rest?” How could she possibly resist her own personal toilet bowl?? Ebony was ecstatic to hear this from me, as I knew she would be, and though she was still unbelievably desperate and in pain from her throbbing bladder, adrenaline had to be pumping through her veins at the thought of finally reaching her home, and maybe reaching it dryly! We set off and made it after a two hour journey. 70 hours Ebony had resisted her feminine urges for relief, despite all manner of hell endured from her bladder. It was strained to the max, and even getting in the door proved no easy task with such a large load of pee being contained.

We entered her apartment and Ebony was now frantic. She was so close to relief, but lasting the day after thinking she would lose it the whole time had given her even more pride. With quivering legs my girlfriend avoided the toilet and set about making us some tea. Her resolve was unmatched, but I could see her tight bum clenching every second in its latex trap and her bladder was also quivering even more than her legs! It was clear that she was at her critical max capacity.

She sat with me and had to lean all the way back to even give her bladder room, because even the slightest extra pressure at this stage would end the hold. Ebony babbled on from time to time, trying to make small talk while every single fiber of her body was telling her to stop this silly game and pee! Her toilet was in the next room! Just pee! But Ebony managed for a whole hour to talk with me about this and that while sipping her tea.

At 11 pm, with 71 hours since her latest loo visit, the tea hit Ebony’s bladder with awful consequences. Her bladder, already cramping every couple of seconds for the whole day, now revamped its efforts to expel the massive load of piss, cramping with unwavering urgency every second! Ebony groaned at the pain, tried to fight it off longer, but with tears in her eyes her conversation with me slowly ground to a halt, until she was focused on nothing but maintaining control over the liters of pee inside her. She struggled, eyeing the door to the bathroom but trying not to give in, a sweaty mess at the end of her capabilities. Ebony got up, walked with halting steps to the door, stopped at the doorway, turned, groaned again, and returned to sit by me, still unrelieved. It was clear she could keep this up no longer, but that resolve was incredible! What a woman, after all she had endured!

Then she asked me quietly after another minute of pure, unrelenting desperation, “Baby, may I please go and use that toilet? I need it, I assure you I do.” I saw that she was on her last powers now, and after watching her suffer for so long I finally relented and said, “Yes baby, you may go.” Ebony nearly squealed with joy and raced into the bathroom, but I heard no peeing sounds. After a minute she called for me to enter, and I did. There she was, a total sweaty mess, still clad in that damn latex catsuit, looking at the bowl ravenously but unable to use it even now! “Honey, please, I need help with my catsuit! Get the latex off for me!” she moaned in despair, yanking in vain at the seemingly indestructible suit. But to her dismay, I refused her request. This was my last gambit in this game.

I told her, “Baby, you are a grown woman and you wore that catsuit knowing the consequences. Surely you don’t need anyone’s help with it, especially a man’s. I said you can pee in the toilet, but you have to take off the latex catsuit yourself.” Ebony howled and began trying to tear the suit once more. It was now way too tight to take off any other way thanks to the all-encompassing size of her bladder. Her sphincter of steel was clenching over and over to keep the flood in, but now it was too weak to maintain such control. Ebony could feel herself losing her load, finally, and redoubled her manic efforts on the catsuit, but it was no use. With a mighty cry she managed to make a tear in the neckline of the latex, something I thought was totally impossible, but by putting so much energy into the task, there was not enough energy left in her body after over 71 hours to continue the fight with her enormous bladder.

Ebony did not scream out as I expected to when her piss finally burst from her. She sat on the toilet seat, still in the cruel latex, and sighed. I could hear the incredible hissing sound through her catsuit, and I can tell you the pee pressure was unreal! How she had managed so long I will not know. After a minute the patter had no signs of slowing down, but now her catsuit was filling up! She motioned to me and now I graciously took the tear that she had started at the top of the suit and ripped it all down through her front. The latex had been stretched so thin on her that it was easier than I expected after the first tear was made.

Piss gushed out of the suit and onto the floor, and more followed from her now exposed pussy, flowing out of her like a river. Ebony was beside herself in pleasure, so happy to be free from her torments. I found myself getting very horny at the sight of her in such ecstasy and sat on top of her, making out with her while she continued to pee unabated. The flow was so constant that I don’t even know when it stopped, surely many more minutes had passed, because I just got used to the sound always being there while I kissed my exhausted, sweating girlfriend.

Eventually we got up, and I went and got a mop to clean up the bathroom. I chided Ebony good-naturedly about the mess she’d made, and she replied, “Well, yes, I made a mess, but it was three days I’d gone without any pee! Surely you can understand it!” I paused, almost deciding to let the comment go, but then I spoke up, “But honey, it wasn’t 3 full days you made without a pee break. You lasted 71 hours and some minutes. 3 days is still beyond your reach.” My prideful girlfriend couldn’t leave it alone, and she bristled, “Alright, fine, so I didn’t make 3 days this time, but I will! I will only go once every three days at all times if it makes you shut up about it!” My prideful girlfriend was back, and I finally realized that I didn’t really mind her holding habit.

