My First Wetting

Author: Water Sport, October 1997

This a true story that took place in a chilly evening in October 1997. Excuse my poor English. It's not my native language, so the text may have some strange spellings perhaps.

Today walking home frome the bus, I sensed the urge coming on like a huge wave. I had about 400 meters left to my appartment, when I just slowed down the pace of my walking. I was feeling a little naughty . . . . I was thinking how it would feel to pee my pants. Haven't done it since I was a little kid.

The first spurt hit my underwear. I nice warm feeling was warming up my October-cold jeans. I was forced to stop walking, just to let go another little spurt. I felt the pee slowly dripping down my left leg. Another warm sensuous feeling rose deep inside me.

I started walking again and reached the building whear I live. Walked into the flat and kissed my girlfriend. She didn't even notice the little wet spot forming in my crotch . . . . If she knew . . . . She knows that I like to watch her pee, but I don't think she know that I've recently started peeing in my underwear and jeans . . . .

She was going to have a shower, and in the meantime I just let the flood burst in my pants! What a feeling !!! The hot pee poring down my legs, completely soaking my underwear and jeans in the crotch. After peeing I rubbed my stiff cock through the fabric of my jeans and had to open up the zipper. My cock swung out, all wet and juicy of all my pee . . . .

Started stroking it hard and massaging my wet balls with my other hand. It was so great, the feeling of warm pee dropping of my stiff cock and making my hand slippery. My cock just exploded and a great orgasm made me empty my even hotter cum right there on the floor.

After cleaning up, I heard my girlfriend stepping out of the shower. She asked me if I was going to have a shower to, and I answered her that I sure needed one . . . . ;)

After showering we went to bed, caressing each other and slowly drifted away into the Sleep-land.

When am I going to dare telling her about my secrets??

P.S. More stories will come . . . . Stay tuned! ;)

