A Full Countess (part 2)
	In 1918 Russia, she must control her bodily functions.
By Francine (2002-09-13)

Chapter 4

In the morning, Valentina was up before dawn. She slipped out of her room and to the nearby toilet. She made use of the facilities, she feared the last time she could for some time, then returned to her bed.

A bit later she was preparing to go down to breakfast with Marina, who was helping her dress. "Today, Marina, just comb my hair. It's going to get severely cut, anyway, so don't bother with it further. And I won't wear a corset. There's just no point, now. After breakfast, you must pack up all of my things, because you will be taking them. Leave me nothing."

"Nothing? None of your clothes, your comb, your jewelry, nothing?"

"Nothing. As of today, I am a man. At least, I must look like one. Everything I have has 'woman' on it somewhere. You must remove it all!"

They breakfasted as usual. The men had provided tea. Marina finished her cup, and continued with a bit of bread. "More tea?" she was asked. "No, thank you - one is enough" she answered

"Countess, are you cheating? You took two cups yesterday! Normal liquid intake, we told you!" He looked her in the eye.

"All right. One more cup. Yes, I was tempted to cheat. I promise I won't do it again." she smiled as she answered.

After breakfast, Leon escorted her into a downstairs room and seated her on a chair. "Ready for your haircut, Madam?" he asked, with a bit of humor in his voice.

She was ready. With Marina watching, shedding a few tears, Leon went to work with scissors and comb. Her brown hair fell in great clumps, piling on the floor. It took awhile, but finally Leon was satisfied with his work.

He gave her a mirror. "Is Madam satisfied with her new hairdo?”, he asked. She shook her head a bit, resigned to what she saw. Her long locks were gone, and now she had short, but thick, hair. She took a comb, and started to part it. Leon interrupted, "Let me show you how". He showed her how to comb it into a mannish look.

Carefully, her hair was cleaned from the floor and disposed of. Then Gregori came in, carrying a bundle of clothing. "Are you ready for your costume fitting? "he asked her.

She stood up, looking at what he had brought in. "Shall I have Marina help me?"

"No, Countess. These are men's clothes. I am sorry, but you must let us dress you, so that it is done as a man would. Then you must learn how to do it yourself. I apologize for the affront to your modesty, but I must ask you to remove your womanly things now. Marina can take them from you."

A bit shocked, but resigned to the necessity, Valentina began to take off her dress. "Must I take off my shoes, too?" she asked.

"Madam, I think it is best for you to remove everything. Yes, shoes too - you must wear men's shoes. If you will proceed, we must insure there is nothing on you that would give you away as female."

"Except, of course, my body itself! You can't change that, and I assure you it's quite female, as you are about to see. I didn't plan to offer you a full view, but I recognize you are right. If I blush a bit, I trust you will understand!"

With Marina taking the garments from her, she had in a few moments removed her dress, her shoes and stockings, and then all of her underwear. Not hesitating, she turned to face the men, placing her arms on her hips and spreading her legs a bit. "Now, I trust you can see all that there is. I told you it was female, didn't I?" She presented a bit of a spectacle, standing now completely naked. Her breasts, not overly large, were high and firm, their nipples displaying erections. Her pubic area was covered with a thick brown bush.

"Countess," Vassily started, looking directly at her, "there may be several things we need to do. Please lift you arms. We need to see your armpits. Do you have hair there?"

She showed them. "A little. It hasn't been attended to just lately". "Good", he answered. "Don't trim it. I see there is a bit of hair on your legs. Make no attempt to trim it there either. A man would have hair in both places. You must also. Now, just one more matter of some delicacy-"

"Vassily", she replied with a bit of a smile, "I have no privacy any more, and nothing is delicate. What is it?"

"Did you have a bath last night?"

"Yes, I try to keep myself clean."

"You must stop. No more baths. You look too clean, you smell too good. A soldier who has been in the field would not have bathed often. You need to be dirtier, and you must smell of sweat. Understood?"

She nodded. She would have to be dirty and stink. She got the point.

"Now", Gregori started, "let's start with the underwear. You need to put on men's underpants - here, these will do." She looked at the rather ragged garment he had, and showed just a bit of distaste. However, she was anxious to end the display of her private parts in front of these men, and this would help. She put them on, and Gregori adjusted them a bit.

"Now, when you need to--" he stopped. "I suppose there's no need to show you how to do that, however." Now Leon produced a long strip of silk cloth, pale brown in color, almost flesh tone, a couple of meters long and a bit wider than a man's hand.

Leon and Gregori began to place it over her breasts. They tried wrapping it around her, pulling it tight. Vassily looked from the side, observing the compression of her bust line. "Not quite right," he commented. We need to cut a slit for her nipples. A man's nipples could be seen or felt against a shirt. She shouldn't be completely flat!"

They cut small slits in the material, one over each nipple, allowing the nipples to show or protrude slightly through the material. Then they bound it tightly around her, holding her breasts flattened. Satisfied, they fastened the cloth binder and stood back to see their work.

Next, they gave her military pants and a shirt. She put them on quickly. She started to fasten the shirt, trying futilely to button the wrong side. The she realized, "Men's shirts button backwards. I should have remembered!" She corrected her error.

They gave her socks and heavy leather shoes. With these on, she was given a somewhat worn jacket, and they pronounced her finished. She turned to see herself in a mirror.

She did look like a credible soldier. Her frame was big enough to pass for that of an average man, and her height was easily as great as many shorter men. When she was through with her hair, they gave her a military cap, and she slipped it on. She turned to the men and rendered a quick salute. They were pleased.

Her lessons for the day were arranged. She was to learn shaving, singing and a few soldier jokes and a bit of crude language. She would be instructed in a few military customs.

At midmorning, Leon brought her a cup of hot tea. "Your cup of tea, Madam! Remember, you must not cheat!"

She drank it down. She would have preferred not to, for already she was receiving from her lower belly a signal that a toilet visit would be appropriate, but she determined to put that out of her mind. She noted it was eleven o'clock, and it had now been a bit over six hours since she had urinated. She was a bit pleased with herself, for she had guessed that she would usually seek relief at four hour intervals and she had quite easily made six. However, she reflected, there would be another eight or nine hours before nightfall.

After lunch, she bade farewell to Marina, who was being picked up to depart, taking with her all of Valentina's clothing and other possessions. She gave Marina a tearful embrace, not knowing whether they would meet again. She watched Marina leave with just a bit of misgiving, knowing that from now she would be in exclusively male company. "Oh, well", she thought, part of learning to be a man!"

At lunch, she had been careful to consume all of the liquids offered her, lest she be accused of cheating. She was hoping her body would cooperate and let her hold it in long enough. By two thirty, after saying farewell to Marina, she was having more misgivings. Her bladder was now urgently demanding attention and relief from its growing burden.

Gregori noticed her apparent discomfort. "You're feeling a need for relief, aren't you?" he asked directly. She nodded. "It's been a lot longer than I usually wait. I'm trying to hold it, but- "she looked at him and shrugged.

A bit later Vassily checked with her also. "Madam, I suspect you are feeling some distress. We knew you would, but I am glad to see you are not complaining. I wish we could make it easier!"

"Vassily, I have to tell you it is getting painful. I am trying, but I don't know how much longer I can hold it. I have never had to go so long without using a toilet. It's very hard for me. If I don't make it today, do I try again tomorrow?"

"You must try every day, Madam. You must condition yourself to do without relief during daylight hours. It is imperative. If you cannot do it today, we have to get you stretched inside so that you can!"

The Countess considered his answer. "How would I stretch myself faster? Do I just practice every day?"

"You must practice. We will try to do your training in the morning, because I realize you are likely to be very uncomfortable in the afternoon. I am sorry it pains you such much. But we must stretch your storage place."

She stood, and walked a bit. She paced up and down. Her discomfort was growing, and she didn't know how to minimize it. She placed her hand on her belly, where she could feel her swollen bladder, struggling to hold its contents and complaining strongly.


At almost five o'clock, she came to Vassily. "I am so very sorry, but I can no longer wait. I feel I am about to burst, and I may wet myself! I---"

Her voice trailed off into silence as she bent over, her hands gripping her crotch. There were tears in her eyes. Her voice was shaking. She shook her head. "No - no, I don't want to - I just can't go on! I wish you could help me!"

He looked at her in sympathy and pity. She was being tortured and he had no relief to offer her. She seemed to have reached her limit, although it was perhaps three hours before nightfall. Was there any hope she might make it until then. It did not appear so.

He took her shoulder to comfort her. She look at him, tears in her eyes and sweat on her brow. She was shaking in her agony. "I know I've got to do it; oh, but how? Right now, you must let me go!"

Ygor joined Vassily as they watched over her in her tortured condition. Suddenly she tore away from them, and flew up the stairs to the toilet.

Thee men looked at each other. "Do you think she can learn to wait long enough?" Ygor asked. "I don't know," Vassily replied, "but for all our sakes, I hope she can!"

A few minutes, Valentina returned. She had cleaned her face a bit and seemed more composed.

"I'm sorry you were put through this, but you did make a good try. Perhaps tomorrow- "

She stopped him. "Perhaps today. I started to relieve myself, but I stopped after only a very little bit. Vassily, you must give me a glass of water and two cups of tea. Right now. I must get through this; and I will force myself!"

The men stared at each other. They could hardly believe the change she had somehow made in herself. The drinks were prepared for her. She began to drink.

"I must replace what little I released. I will not have you think I would cheat!" She thought a moment, then added, "The peasants - the people around - because we have had good homes, education, the right upbringing; they think of us as spoiled, lazy, soft, selfish, unable to endure anything! I will not bow to it! We can be strong, and stand up to hardship as well the common people of the streets! I will not be called weak or a coward!"

Afterward she stood. "I must walk. Do not let me sit. I must keep moving, even if I have to hold my hands in most indelicate places. Watch me all you want. I will not be embarrassed, I will not release my water; and I will somehow last it out!"

A few minutes later, she unfastened the heavy army trousers she was wearing. She slipped her hand inside, working her way through the unfamiliar underwear. After a few minutes, she became frustrated. She sat down, began to remove the heavy shoes, then took off the uniform pants, even the male underpants. Then, with the long tail of the shirt all that was protecting her modesty, she stood and slipped her hand to her crotch, her fingers finding her urine outlet and pressing forcibly.

The men had watched her remove the clothing items, but made no comment. Now they averted their eyes as she pressed her private parts, moving around in an agitated way.

She kept it up well over an hour, though her expression belied the torture she was feeling. Her breathing was heavy, and she was sweating and shaking a bit.

At a few minutes before seven, she moved quickly to the back door of the house, opened it, and stepped outside. The light was fading, though it was not yet dark. The men followed her with their eyes, wondering at her intent.

About two meters from the door, she stopped, her back to the house. She spread her legs and drew her body into a rigidly erect posture. Then she held her hands to her sides, and released her water. A torrent poured from her, falling in front of her and below her, some running down her legs. She remained rigidly erect.

When the flow had ceased, she turned to face the two men, now standing in the doorway.

"I wanted so badly to make it. But - I didn't squat. I did it as a man would have! And tomorrow I will hold it until night - I swear I will!" Her voice was shaking, yet a bit triumphant.

The men smiled at her. They went inside where she again put on her lower garments.

Later they had a simple dinner, and talked a bit of their plans. Valentina, exhausted from her day, soon retired to her bedroom. She closed the door behind her and stood for a moment, reflecting. The nightdress she usually wore was gone, as was all of her female clothing. She had nothing except the male garments she was wearing. She turned, stepped to the adjoining toilet and relieved herself. She washed her face as best she could, then returned to the bedroom. Forbidden to bathe, with none of her familiar nightclothes, she stripped off what she had on, and, naked, dropped on the bed. In a few minutes she was fast asleep.

Chapter 5

Another day was coming. Ygor awakened her just before dawn with a knock at her door. "Madam, it will be daylight soon - you must attend to your needs, now!" He waited for her reply.

Valentina sleepily drew herself from the bed. She reached up to brush her hair with her hand, remembering now it was cropped short. She went to the door and then through it to the toilet, almost forgetting her nakedness. Ygor stood aside at the door, a bit shocked at her brazenness, and watched her disappear into the toilet. Deciding to allow her some privacy, he withdrew downstairs.

She was down for breakfast later. She had her two cups of tea, without being reminded. She had dressed herself, and asked the men to inspect her efforts. Her training ritual for the day was outlined.

While she never declined a drink when it was offered her, she was careful today not to overdo it. She was learning to control her body in the way that would be necessary.

Nonetheless, she knew she would have bladder pain before the day was over, and in the late afternoon she was showing it. This time, however, she had learned how to reach through the unfamiliar underwear to hold herself a bit better.

The men watched her as the sunlight dimmed. To avoid even a hint of cheating, she refused to leave their sight. Finally, it was dark outside. She looked out the window at the darkened sky. She turned to Vassily, her distress apparent in her face. "Now? May I?"

He nodded. She slipped out the door. She started to take off the pants, then decided simply to slip them down, with the underwear. This time it was dark; she could squat. She did. Her sore tormented bladder poured forth its contents onto the ground. She had made it!

She returned through the door. The men viewed her. Two gave her a bit of applause. She smiled at them, her most intimate activity now a source of personal pride.

Through the next two days, she practiced her mannerisms and conditioned her body. Each day brought new challenges, but she was adapting. She did, however, feel dirty and became increasingly aware of an unpleasant body odor. She found it embarrassing, but the men accepted it as part of the image she must achieve.

At long last the word came. Ygor awakened her that day well before dawn. “Madam! You must arise. The train is be here in two hours. We must proceed with the plan. Pray that you are ready and can do all that you must!”

Naked, Valentina emerged from her room, heading for the toilet for what she knew would be her last relief in a long time. No longer shy about her body among her male protectors, she relieved herself and proceeded to dress while Ygor watched.

“Please, Ygor, you must tell me if anything is not right. It is the last chance!”

Ygor smiled approval as she put on her military attire.

They slipped from the house, using a small truck. They drove a distance to the edge of a village, where Leon and Valentina left the vehicle. Leon was attired in a soldier’s clothing, matching that of Valentina.

“Wish us well”, he said to his comrades. If all goes as planned, the Countess will go to her freedom, and I will return to you in a few days. If all does not go well….” he left the rest of that thought to the imagination of his listeners.

Quickly they slipped through the streets, just as dawn was breaking. They came to a railroad track, then followed it to a siding. From a distance they saw a group of ragtag soldiers, some with weapons, some without, milling about in apparent disarray. They watched with care, stopping from time to time in front of a house or building. They allowed themselves to be seen from a distance.

“They are the red troops, soldiers if you care to call them that, who have been released from the units to the east. They come from various units, so they will not likely notice the addition of two more to their number. They are trying to make their way to Petrograd, which is home to many of them. Act as though you are part of them. Valery!” Leon instructed Valentina, careful to call her by the name of her masculine cover.

Leon’s opinion of the red soldiers was not high, and it showed in his remarks. His demeanor changed, however, as he posed as one of them. He struck up a conversation with a bearded fellow in uniform standing nearby. In his brief exchange, he let it be known that he and his fellow had been separated from their unit, and when they attempted to rejoin it, found it had been sent back to the west. Perhaps, if they could find their way to somewhere near Petrograd, they might rejoin their regiment.

“Or, perhaps, find a better place than that of a soldier, and go where you will not be found!” his newfound friend responded. “I became a revolutionary full of ideals, but all I find is filth and no pay and bad food! What has this army done for me? What has the czar done for me?” He turned and spit.

“A pox on all of them!” His expression reflected the frustration and disillusionment so common in that day.

Little by little, they wrangled their way into the confidence of the motley group. Even as they waited, a few more came in. They saw one officer, who seemed, a bit unwillingly, to take charge. He barked a few orders, but then retired to a bench where he drank generously from a bottle carried in his tattered bag.

Leon did not let this go unnoticed. To Valery, quietly, he muttered, “That is our undoubted and dubious leader. That men should have to follow such into war!” He shook his head in disgust.

After a bit the officer aroused himself a bit. From somewhere he produced a notebook and some assorted papers. He began loudly calling names. Soldiers, standing about in various states of uniform and equipment, began to respond.

After a time he finished calling names. A couple of men went up to him, not having been called. Carefully he wrote their names in his book, then waved them off. Another showed up a bit later.

“Come, Valery, it is best we insure that we are enrolled!” Leon and Valery approached the officer. He looked at them with a raised eyebrow, then asked, “You were not called? Where are you from - name and unit!”

Leon quickly and calmly responded. “Leon Boronov - private, eighth hussars - from Petrograd. We were dismissed a day ago!”

“Who dismissed you? Have you orders?” the officer inquired. Leon produced a crumpled piece of paper, as they had planned, bearing an official looking stamp but almost unreadable because the ink had run from dampness.

The officer looked at it, then shrugged. “Two of you?” he asked.

“Yes”, Valery answered. “I am Valery Constantin, same unit. I am from….”

The officer stopped her. He wrote something in his notebook. “All right, you are on the orders. Wait with the others.”

Thanks be for sloppy paperwork and alcoholic officers, Valery thought, having passed her first official test. She was accepted as part of the army. It is good, she thought, that this was not the Czar’s army, where there were good records and disciplined officers.

In the distance they heard a train approaching. Some of the soldiers who had been asleep, were aroused. Some stood, looking down the tracks. The train became visible, slowly and noisily pulling into the village as it slowed to a stop.

Several armed soldiers stepped off the train. The half-drunken officer spoke to them a bit, in what seemed to be little short of an argument. The soldiers from the train looked over the assembled group of uniformed men. One by one, they motioned them toward a car a bit to the rear. Each man received a careful bit of scrutiny.

Valery almost shivered as the eyes of two armed men fell upon her. They seemed to notice nothing amiss, and she moved with the others to the rear. A box car stood with an open door, and the group of thirty odd men clambered into it. The officer took a last swig from his container of courage, and climbed up to the car, stumbled back, and then was helped aboard by several men.

The train started up. It seemed never to generate much speed, but it shook and rattled greatly. The door remained open. The men, for the most part, sat on the floor or laid down, often falling asleep. The cool air was refreshing. There was little talk. One of the men started singing a bawdy ballad. Valery, remembering the counsel she had been given, joined in. The singing man nodded approval, and continued.

A few of the soldiers had small quantities of food in their packs or bags, and some began to eat. The officer fell asleep. Boredom prevailed.

One soldier stood at the day, opened his pants, and urinated out the door. A bit later another did the same. Then there was quiet.

Several times the train made short stops. At one point it stopped near a building, probably once a farmhouse, smoldering in ruins from some recent military action. A few fruit trees could be seen, and a scattering of potatoes and beets from what had been a storage shed. Several men quickly jumped from the car, picking up what they could and bringing them back to the car.

Leon took a potato. “Raw, cold potato. Is this what we get for lunch? Does an army win a war on this?”

Finally, late in the afternoon, the train stopped for a longer time. Soldiers of the train guard came back and conferred with the officer, who ordered the men off the car. After a bit of negotiation, several men were sent to a nearby building, coming back with large baskets of bread and a few sausages. The officer gave one order that seemed to receive instant obedience. “Fill your canteens - every man!” he indicated a water pump nearby.

“How are you doing?” Leon quietly asked Valery in a whisper.

“Feeling like I’m about to burst! But I will manage until dark - this has been such a long day!” she responded, her discomfort showing in a bit of agitation.

Several soldiers stood at a nearby wall and relieved themselves, Leon among them. Returning from this errand, he glanced at Valery. Though she was showing signs of distress, she was bravely gulping from her canteen before refilling it.

They reboarded the train just as it again began moving. Men shared out the bread and sausage and began to eat their crude rations.

Darkness fell. Valery eagerly watched it, knowing it portended an opportunity for her to relieve herself, as she forced martyrdom on her badly distended bladder, awaiting the next stop. She had not long to wait.

The train again stopped, only an open field before them. A number of men jumped off, and began to walk about. Several stood and urinated. One began to squat in an effort to obtain another form of relief.

Valery came closer to him, but stopped several feet away. In the dim light, it was hard to see his features. She judged he was too occupied to pay much attention to her. She unfastened her own pants and dropped them appropriately. Glancing about for security, she released a profuse stream. The squatting soldier seemed to give her no thought. She was glad, her relief wonderfully welcome. She finished, drew up her pants, and returned to Leon.

“Did it!” she said, with just a note of pride.

They returned to the car. A few of the soldiers had cigarettes, and were smoking. One had a pocket with three cigars. Looking at Valery, he told her, “trophies of the last town we took - czarist mayor had a supply of vodka and cigars. Good vodka, terrible cigars. You smoke cigars? You can have one of these!”

“Thanks”, Valery replied, accepting the long black cigar and placing it in her pocket. “Perhaps for my friend, later!”

“Won’t be a friend long, if he breathes in those - but, take it. I carried them long enough!”

He laid down on the floor and rolled over into a comfortable position.

Most of men fell asleep on the rough floor. Valery, along with them, was soon fast asleep.

Chapter 6

Dawn came, too early for some, too late for Valery. She awoke, feeling the fullness of her bladder. It was now daylight, too late for her to relieve herself, she realized in horror.

Men munched on the residue of bread and the fruit they had scavenged. Soon the train ground to a halt, then began shifting forward and back, as several cars were detached. Men clambered off the car to stretch their legs.

Valery, fearful of staying too close to Leon, lest suspicion be aroused, wandered afield just a bit, seeking some place for relief. She saw two soldiers, squatting in the grass, relieving themselves. Their pants were down, their private parts partially displayed.

Desperate for some way to relief herself, she made a comment about the “effect of those stinking sausages”, and squatted near a bush. With great care, she worked her pants down to her knees. No one seemed to be paying close attention. Struck with a bit of inspiration born of great desperation, she reached into her pocket for the cigar she had received the night before. She held it in her hand as she worked down her underwear.

She saw a soldier approaching her. Her heart lept in anxiety as she realized how close she was to discovery. With a quick gesture, as though adjusting her underwear or wiping herself, she took the cigar and pushed the end of it inside her. She stayed squatting, releasing nothing, but making an expression of strain.

The man looked down at her. Her heart almost stopped, as she squeezed the cigar end mightily, hoping it would not slip. In the poor light and shadow of her lowered trousers, perhaps - just perhaps, he might assume it was a penis. He muttered something about taking one’s pleasures as they came, with a crude reference to defecation, and moved on. Without moving the cigar, she released her bladder. Her stream poured out, over the cigar, her hand, but, fortunately, little on her clothing. Finally she finished. Dropping her imitation penis to the ground, she mashed it into the soil. She stood, adjusted her clothes, ready for the day.

Valery returned to the car while the train was still stopped. Getting out a metal mirror, a razor, and abit of water from her canteen, she began to shave, making sure the men about watched her.

“Fastidious, aren’t we?” murmured a grizzled onlooker. “Looking for a bit of female flesh to get close to?”

“Hate the beard”, she answered, continuing her shaving. “Gets bugs, crumbs and juice- I just like it better trimmed. Now, if there are women around --” she slipped him a sly smile.

The day drew on. She wondered how close they were to Petrograd. It was hard to judge the geography, for most of the place names she saw were unfamiliar. A ration of bread and a bit of meat was provided in the afternoon. As night approached, she looked to the opportunity of relieving her bladder again. She was able to slip into the dark and obtain her relief, just a bit after nightfall.

Relieved and relaxed, she stretched out on the floor to try to sleep.
