A SCENE FROM OUR TWENTY-FOURTH YEAR OF MARRIAGE

Author: William Abbott

Another Real Life Adventure

She’s lying on the couch with her feet in my lap. An old episode of Star Trek has just ended and now we each sit with a book, enjoying the quiet. Idly, I run my hand up along her thigh.

“That feels good,” she says. “My muscles are really sore.”

I keep stroking her, massaging her legs but also sliding my fingers up under her shorts.

“Mmmm,” she says. “You can keep doing that.”

A few minutes later, I set my book aside and unzip her shorts. She looks up at the window, a little apprehensive, but down here on the couch we’re out of sight of anyone who might walk by outside. She raises her hips enough for me to slide off both shorts and panties.

I stroke her legs some more. I lean down to kiss her. She tastes salty, but with a tang almost like lemon. I slide a finger inside her. Two fingers.

I’m not sure at what point she set aside her book.

“Close the curtain!" she says.

I get up, pull the drapes closed and check that the front door is locked. I toss the back cushions from the couch onto the floor, giving us more room, and I go back to nuzzling her, kissing her thighs, her belly, and between her lips. She closes her eyes, arches her back.

“Let’s go upstairs,” she says.

Following her, I reach up to brush my fingers over her bare bottom.

We pass the bathroom, and with a mischievous smile she says, “Guess what?” This always means she needs to pee.

“Yeah?” I ask.

“Mm hm.” She takes my hand and leads me down the hall to the bedroom.

Still wearing her tank top (and nothing but her tank top) she sprawls on the bed, her legs spread wide. I kneel between her knees and burrow into the fold of her vulva. I probe her vagina with my tongue, teasing her with my thumb. I slide my fingers inside her again.

“You’re pressing on my bladder, you know.”

I nod, grinning, and nuzzle her again. I lick, flicking the tip of my tongue against her clit and then flattening my tongue against her, sliding it up along her labia, then teasing her clit again. She’s moaning. I think about getting out the vibrator, but it’s still in the nightstand, unused, when she clutches at the sheets, twisting the cloth in her fists. Her thighs clamp tight around my head and she calls out, “Help... Help... Help me...” And then she is cumming explosively, bucking on the bed, pushing my head away from her clit because the sensation is just too intense.

As her breathing returns to normal, I’m kneeling between her legs, running my hands over her breasts under the tank top.

“Oh boy,” she says. “Yeah, I do need to pee.”

I grin down at her.

“What now?” she asks.

I consider. I could fuck her right now, right here, with a full bladder. I could lead her into the bathroom, into the shower, and watch her pee and then fuck her in there. I could fuck her first, pushing her up against the tiles, before letting her pee. Or...

“It’s dark out,” I say. “Could I interest you in putting on a dress?”

“How about my purple skirt?” she says.

“It’s in the closet.”

Our clothes closet is in another room, the one we use for an office. My computer is in there, and my wallpaper today is of a woman lying nude on the beach. The camera is between her legs and her cunt fills most of the screen, looking very kissable. Tonight I’m thinking, tasty as she looks, the picture is not quite as hot as the way my wife looked on the bed just now, naked from the waist down, spread wide and post-orgasmic.

My wife dons the skirt as I pull on pajamas (my hard on protruding through the fly) and downstairs we walk hand-in-hand out into the back yard. It’s very dark, and high fences screen us from the neighbors. I expect her to piss on the grass in front of me with her skirt up gathered up around her waist, but instead she steps out of it and tosses it onto a lawn chair.

Smiling at me, she plants her feet wide, knees slightly flexed...but before she can pee, I take her in my arms. I kiss her cheek, her earlobe, the side of her neck. With one hand I stroke the muscles of her back and with the other I reach down to cup her vulva, feeling the scratchiness of her pubic hair.

“No! No!” she says, “I can’t pee while you’re doing that.”

I pull her tighter against me. My cock is between her thighs now, just brushing up against her vulva.

“I know,” she says. “You want me to pee like this. But I can’t.”

I reach down between us and my finger slides between her lips, finds her still wet and slippery.

“Here,” she says, “Let me get started first.” She pushes me away, takes a step back. Closes her eyes. Takes a deep breath...

It’s dark. I can’t tell. Is she...?

“OK,” she says. “I’m pissing.”

I step up close again, circle her waist with my arms, thrust my hips against her. I slide my cock between her legs...and then I feel her white-hot piss pouring over the head of my cock.

Wow.

This is something we’ve never done before. This is new.

“Oh my God!” she says, laughing. “You’re making it splash everywhere! It’s all over my legs!”

I hold her tight, pressing the whole length of my body against hers. I kiss her neck again. My cock is thrusting gently in and out between her thighs, brushing against the groove of her vulva. And she’s still peeing on my cock. Hot. Hot in a literal sense, surprisingly so against my skin, as well as one of the hottest things we’ve ever done.

I whisper in her ear, “All these years, and we’re still having new first times. I’ve written so many stories where something like this happens, but we’ve never...”

She laughs.

Her stream tapers off. Her legs are soaked and my penis is covered in pee. We need to shower.

Hand in hand, we make our way back upstairs. In the shower I kneel in front of her, slathering soap all over her. I lean into her, using her pubic hair to soap my face as if she were a wash cloth. I sit back and she pees a little more, just inches in front of me, and I help her to rinse again.

We dry off.

Back in bed, I snuggle around her, cuddled up against her bottom. A few drops of Astroglide and I slip inside her. My hand runs over the smooth, soft skin of her belly. I cup her breasts, each in turn. My body rocks against her with the rhythm of waves licking gently at the beach. I take her vulva in hand, gripping her as if I were helping her to hold back pee.

And then I cum. Sensuously, luxuriously, filling her with my own hot wetness. We lie there afterwards, feeling the warmth of each other’s bodies, with me still swollen inside her.

"Wow,” I say. “Twenty-four years of marriage and I’m still fucking my wife with a full bladder up against the backyard fence.”

She laughs. “Oh God,” she says, “you have GOT to use that line in a piece of writing!”
