Chapter #09

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 08:22)

The next morning dawned cloudless and warm. My windows were still fully open and the sounds of lawn mowers and birds brought me out of a dreamless sleep. The heat of the sun on my face told me it would be another hot August day. I rolled over and lightly bumped into Elly. She was still sleeping and I felt sharp pangs of guilt. I lay against my pillow studying her pretty face. I saw her chest rising and falling. I couldn't help but notice her nipples through the thin material of her t-shirt. Seeing them protruding there started that tingling in my groin and I remembered all we had done the night before. At the memory of pressing my hand onto her piss soaked panties and feeling her push against me with her over-warm pussy sent uncontrollable goose bumps racing all over me.

I wanted to touch her there again and feel her respond to me again. I even thought that she might wet while I held my hand to her bottom. And, that thought took my breath away. My Catholicism insisted that I feel retched about such thoughts. I truly cared for Elly. I genuinely felt love for her. But I couldn't help thinking to myself that I had defiled my best friend. But she had loved it! Hadn't she? And, before we finally gave in to sleep, she had made me promise that we would try all the wet stuff I had done in my lone experiments…and maybe even make up some of our own. Part of me kept saying that love was not a sin. Another part said that girls don't touch other girls that way; and that (good0 girls do not play in their own pee and enjoy it! I lay there in total confusion, until Elly awoke.

She must slept another ten minutes or more after I began those musings. During that time I gradually became aware that I had to pee in the worst way. I was tempted to slip quietly from the bed and head for the loo. But, I was unable to move. I was spellbound by Elly's nearness. The emotions I felt toward her swelled in my chest and fought a war with my physical needs. And they were winning. While that battle silently raged I had allowed one of my hands to slowly creep across the few inches that separated us. It came to rest within the aura of warmth that radiated from her genitals. I could just feel the soft tickle of her baby-fine pussy hairs against my knuckles. The desire to hold her and feel her nakedness against me again was flooding back into me, washing away the doubts, drowning the guilt. I had to touch her again…had to! 

It was while I was still trying to figure out just how to actually fondle her without waking her that she suddenly opened her eyes. She stretched like a kitten and then looked over at me. “Oh, you're awake!” I nodded, blushing. As she came fully awake, the memories of our nocturnal activities must have all come back to her. I could see the story race across her face in a series of changing expressions. Finally she refocused her gaze on me and asked, “did we really do those things last night?” I squirmed and nodded again. Then she smiled kind of naughty-like and whispered into my ear, “I really have to pee wickedly…right now. What about you?” I nodded again and nearly exploded in relief. Elly rolled closer to me; and my knuckles were pressed into the soft and warm flesh that protected her little clit from the outside world. The contact produced a reaction in her that surprised and delighted me. Her eyes went wide and she stiffened slightly. 

Then she smiled warmly and kind of wiggled her hips, while gently increasing the pressure against my hand. This caused her pussy spread apart slightly and allowed my knuckle to slide in against her inner lips. The warmth and moisture there was a startling aphrodisiac. Then, as almost an after thought Elly said, “I'm not wearing any panties!” She reached down with a hand to confirm the fact. Then she moved over to my bottom with the same hand and felt me. “You, too!” 

When she fully remembered, she giggled and blushed. Then she kissed me and asked if I still loved her. In answer, I moved the knuckle that was so snugly surrounded by her femaleness. I slowly and gently brought it up a few centimeters so that it slipped across her urethra and brushed onto her clit. Her response was an immediate and sudden intake of air through her mouth and a slow rotation of her mons against my hand. We began kissing again and Elly was moaning with pleasure. Then we were startled by a knock at my bedroom door. It was followed immediately by the knob turning and my mother's voice inquiring to see if we were awake yet.

We were terrified! If she came in and saw us like this… We separated and I answered that we were awake. Mom's head came around the opening door and she surveyed the room. “You two left a mess in here before you turned in.” As her eyes finally came to rest on us, all she saw was two embarrassed girls with the bedclothes pulled up to their chins. I promised that we would pick up the room before we came out to breakfast. This seemed to satisfy her. She said that we had about twenty minutes, and closed the door behind her. Elly and I let out a collectively held breath. We buried our faces into our pillows and stifled our laughter at having gone undetected. Then Elly burst out, “Gawd! I have to go. I almost wet your bed from fear…and then from laughing. Bathroom, now!”

But when we slipped from under the sheets we saw each other's pussy hair, below the hems of our t-shirts. In a panic we searched for our panties. Finally finding them under the bed, we discovered that the humidity had not allowed them to dry. They were still damp with pee. I held mine up to the light to see if the stain was noticeable. It was. Looking at Elly's, I saw the same thing.

Then I noticed the familiar odor and was instantly horny again. I reached over and took her panties from her hands and held them up to my face and inhaled her fragrance. It was, at once, tart and sweet…her pussy smell mixed together with her pee odor. I closed my eyes and inhaled again. Elly watched this unabashed display of sensual naughtiness with a mix of curiosity and discomfort. “Could we do this in the loo, please!?!” I tossed her my panties, by 'accident', and slipped into hers. Even the cool dampness was a turn on. She put mine on while moving toward the door, nearly colliding with the end of the bed.

The bathroom was diagonally across the hallway from my room. We were inside with the door locked in a few seconds. Elly ran straight to the toilet, pulled the panties down and sat. I hurried to her side and asked her to hang on for just a second. “I want to see.” She almost looked miffed (pained might be more appropriate). But, she held off the urge and waited until I was kneeling in front of her, gently prying her knees apart. No sooner than it took her to relax enough to allow her legs to part than I was witness to another gusher! I thought that the night before must have been some sort of aberration; no girl peed like that, normally! But what I was watching was another flood the likes of which I had not known was possible. The pee literally cascaded out of her.

There was no coherent stream whatsoever. She just gushed and gushed. I had believed that it was the panties that had caused that effect, out on the lawn. Wrong! Really wrong! And the noise! It all splashed into the toilet water as if driven by some huge pump. I figured that my mom could hear it from the kitchen. The frog had found my vocal cords again, as I croaked, “El, you really can pee!” She replied that she had always just sort of burst forth like that, as she reached for the toilet paper. I stopped her hand before she reached the roll. I said, “let me do it…OK?” She sat back while I got some paper. (I purposely got a good deal less than I figured was necessary to absorb all that had caught on her hairs and lips.)

I rolled it around my fingers and ever so gently daubed away at her bottom. I took my sweet time and savored every second. Of course, the paper was saturated long before I stopped. My fingers were soaked along with the paper. When I quit (albeit reluctantly - but I had to pee rather badly myself), I stood up and kissed her. I said, “jump up. It's my turn. You wanna watch?”

Elly stood up and took me by the elbows. She turned us both around until I had the toilet at my back. Then she kissed me. Then she took the waistband of my (her) panties and peeled them down, all the time looking up into my eyes. She told me, with no little surprise, that it really was a turn-on to let me watch her pee. That she could see in my face how much it effected me to see her do it. By now the panties were at my ankles and Elly was guiding me onto the toilet seat. I purposely kept my legs together, so she would have to ask, or separate them herself. She knelt before me and smiled as she put her hands on my thighs and pulled gently. I resisted just a bit and then gave in. She told me I was a tease. (Too true.)

Then she brought her head down between my thighs so that her chin nearly rested on the porcelain of the toilet bowl. I wanted to play with myself at how randy her movements were making me. But my need to pee had become paramount! Only the slightest relaxation and I was going. A tiny trickle followed by full flow. Ah, morning piss…my favorite. And this one was being shared with a girl I wanted! It was 45 seconds of heaven. And Elly wiped me, as I had her, with loving gentleness. Except that, when she dropped the paper into the bowl, her hand stayed between my thighs and began to fondle.

Thus began a relationship that lasted almost two years. During that time we learned many more ways in which two girls can love one another, both physically and emotionally. We also expanded our catalogue of pee pleasures. I'll try and relate more about that time in later Chapters.
