Girls School - Part 3

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-02-05 at 22:48) #45386

Just a reminder: This is a work of pure fiction. Any similarity between characters and situations in this story and real people and situations is purely coincidental. This is merely a harmless fantasy. Enjoy!

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 3

As Melanie continued through her day and continued to think of Kyrie, she continued to soak her jeans constantly. She had become aware of just how much peeing she was doing. She hadn't thought it possible for a human body to produce that much pee. She was thirsty all the time and so she drank copious amounts of water every day. This of course simply added fuel to her bladder's seemingly unstoppable urine production. She also realized that she had indeed become incontinent of bladder. She didn't mind that at all as she thoroughly enjoyed peeing her pants and being wet all the time, but she was a little curious about peeing so often. She decided to go and see the school nurse about it.

Math class ended, mercifully, and as Melanie stepped out into the hall she spotted Kyrie and went over to her. They embraced and kissed passionately as Melanie soaked her jeans yet again. This is ridiculous, she thought, nobody pees this much, do they? They broke their kiss and Melanie smiled shyly at Kyrie. She still wasn't totally committed to this, although she was most of the way there. Kyrie had her hand on Melanie's saturated butt and she looked in Melanie's face and said, “Holy shit Mel, how much peeing have you been doing?”

“I know”, Melanie answered, “I pee all the time now. I can't seem to stop. Weird huh?”

“Yeah, kinda”, Kyrie replied, “Are you alright? Do you feel sick or anything?”

“I feel fine, no problem at all there”, Melanie said sincerely. “I think I'm gonna go see the nurse about it though”, she added.

“Oh baby, I hope your alright”, Kyrie said with genuine concern. Melanie smiled and kissed Kyrie gently on the lips. “Don't worry Kyrie,” she said, “I'll be fine, you'll see”.

“Have you checked your jeans lately Mel?”, Kyrie asked then with a frown. Melanie looked down and was shocked to see that her jeans were completely soaked and her T-shirt was wet to just below her breasts. It was like she had waded into water up to her chest.

“Oh my God Kyrie!”, Melanie gasped in horror. Suddenly she was really frightened now. “Oh God Kyrie, I think something's really wrong with me”, she said with a quavery voice. “I mean, I love peeing my pants and all but this is crazy!”, Melanie practically wailed. She was almost panicking now.

“Come on sweetie”, Kyrie said suddenly, grabbing her by the hand. “Let's get you to the nurse's office right now”. She marched off down the corridor pulling her frightened girlfriend behind her.

“Kyrie, what about English class?”, Melanie asked miserably as she stumbled along behind her.

“The hell with English class”, Kyrie said immediately, “Your health is far more important than any damn class”. Melanie was overwhelmed at the genuine love and concern from Kyrie. God she loved her, she knew that now beyond a doubt.

They arrived at the nurse's office and Kyrie rapped her knuckles on the door as they walked in. An attractive woman about 35 years old stepped out of an inner office and smiled at them.

“Sue, this is my girlfriend, Melanie Willis”, Kyrie began, “She's new here and she has kind of a problem”.

The nurse smiled at Melanie then and said, “Hi Melanie. I'm Sue Reed, the school nurse. What seems to be the problem?

“Well I - I can't seem to stop, well, peeing”, Melanie said shyly.

“Hmm”, Sue said thoughtfully, “How often do you go?”

“About once every half hour or so”, Melanie responded quietly.

“My goodness”, Sue said, alarmed, 'That is a lot. Are you incontinent yet?”

“Uh yeah”, Melanie replied.

“Already?”, Sue said in surprise. “But it usually takes weeks, sometimes a couple of months”.

“Oh Mel”, Kyrie said. She was really worried and Melanie was practically on the verge of tears now.

“Melanie?”, Sue said gently, “I'm just going to call the doctor and see if she can come here and check you out, okay?”

“Okay”, Melanie replied in a shaky voice. Now she was crying and Kyrie hugged her tightly and stroked her hair and her back.

“Mel, don't cry”, she said softly, “You'll be okay baby, don't worry”.

“I'm scared Kyrie”, Melanie sobbed, “I'm really scared. I think something's really wrong with me”.

Kyrie pulled her even tighter to her then. She even had tears in her eyes now. They were standing like that when the nurse came back out from phoning the doctor.

“Doctor McKenzie said she'll be here in half an hour”, she said. “Melanie, there's a bed in the back room if you'd like to lie down”, she added.

“What if I pee again?”, Melanie asked miserably.

“Oh that's okay”, Sue answered immediately, “Just wet the bed. It gets peed in all the time anyway”.

“Well, okay then”, Melanie said in a quivery voice. Sue started to lead Melanie back to the back room when Kyrie said, “Um, Sue, I'd kinda like to stay with her, if that's okay. We're kinda close and I'd just really like to be here with her”.

“Sure Kyrie, no problem”, Sue answered, without hesitation. They all went into the back room and Sue showed them the bed. She pulled the covers back and the two of them stripped down to their panties and bras and climbed in. They immediately snuggled tightly together and just cuddled, enjoying each others warmth and closeness. Melanie was feeling a lot better now, laying snuggled in bed in her girlfriend's arms. Ten minutes passed and Melanie was actually starting to drift off when suddenly she heard a loud burbling noise and she could feel the bed getting very wet.

“Mmmmm”, Kyrie murmured, “does that ever feel good”. Kyrie was peeing into the bed. Melanie lay there and enjoyed the spreading wetness around her.

“Does it ever”, Melanie said softly. Without hesitation she began to pee a torrent into the bed. She was surprised at having to consciously release it. Although she hadn't felt any pressure yet and more than likely she would have involuntarily released at the first sign of pressure anyway. Now the two of them lay in a luxuriously saturated bed, snuggled tighter together and drifted off. They were sound asleep when Sue came in and woke them up.

“I'm sorry girls”, she said sincerely, “But the doctor is here”.

“That was quick”, Melanie said sleepily. Sue chuckled and said, “I wouldn't say that. You've been in here for almost an hour”.

“An hour?!!”, Kyrie said, startled. “Well, there goes English class”, she added.

“Oh don't worry about that”, Sue said, “I've arranged for both of you to have the rest of the day off anyway”.

Melanie actually managed a smile then. “Thanks Sue, that was really nice of you”, she said.

“My pleasure”, Sue replied cheerfully.

Kyrie threw the covers back and started to climb out of bed. Sue noticed the sodden sheets and mattress and said, “Was that you who wet the bed Melanie?”.

“We both did actually”, Melanie answered.

“Oh, okay then”, Sue said.

They started to put their damp jeans back on and Melanie's were so damp that they were icy cold and she gasped as she pulled them up.

“You better pee in them and warm them up”, Kyrie said with a chuckle. Before Melanie could answer she was peeing anyway. Immediately her jeans felt much warmer. Despite her problem she still loved it when she peed her pants and made them comfortably warm and wet. They were dressed now and Sue told them to just sit on the bed and wait for the doctor. As they sat down on the bed the mattress actually squelched it was so wet. Their butts were instantly soaked but neither of them minded at all.

The doctor came into the room and smiled at both of them. She was an attractive red head who appeared to be in her early forties.

“Well”, she said, “Which one of you is Melanie?”

“I - I am”, Melanie said, starting to feel frightened again.

“Hi Melanie”, the doctor said pleasantly, “I'm Roberta McKenzie, the on-call doctor for Etherington”.

“Hi”, was all Melanie said. The doctor pulled a small stool on casters over to the bed and sat on it. “I understand you've been having a bit of a problem with excessive urination”, she said.

“Um, well yeah, I - I have”, Melanie said.

“How often have you been going?”, the doctor asked.

“About once every half hour”, Melanie responded.

“Well now”, the doctor said, “That is a little more than usual”. It was an obvious understatement intended to make Melanie feel a little more at ease. It didn't work. Melanie began to cry softly again. Kyrie reached her arm around behind Melanie's back and pulled her close. “It's okay sweetie”, she said gently, “The doctor's here now. Everything's going to be okay”.

“Well Melanie”, the doctor said, “I think you're girlfriend here is probably right. I sincerely doubt that you have anything seriously wrong with you. How much do you drink during the day?”

“Uh, about, I dunno, about five or six glasses of water”, Melanie said hesitantly. “It's hard to tell because I always just use a drinking fountain”, she added.

“Okay”, the doctor began patiently, “how many times do you use a drinking fountain ever day?”

“Um, I guess maybe fifteen or twenty times”, Melanie said quietly. The doctor seemed to think about this for a few moments and then she said, “Well, that is kind of a lot. Do you feel thirsty all the time?”

“Well yeah, I do”.

Suddenly the doctor stood up and walked over to a counter which had been installed across one wall of the small room. She took picked up what looked like a large pad of paper and a pen. As she did this she said, “Well Melanie, I really don't think there's that much wrong with you, but to be on the safe side I'm going to have some tests done. They'll be mostly blood tests, but I'll also need a urine sample from you”. She handed Melanie a small plastic container with a screw-cap on it. The cap had a special seal securing it. “Just fill this container to the line on the label. And please don't pee through your pants for this. I need it to come straight out of you, if you know what I mean”.

Melanie couldn't help herself and she actually giggled just a little. “Okay”, she said, “Just this once”.

“Why thank you”, the doctor said with a smile. Melanie became serious again and said, “Doctor, why do you think I've been peeing so much?”

“Well”, the doctor began, “actually I think what's probably happening here is something that's more emotional than physical. You're new here at Etherington and you've just been introduced to full-time pants and bed wetting. At first you were uncomfortable with it, but now you've been doing it for a couple of days and you've discovered that you love it. You're on an emotional high, excited by the very fact that you can freely wet yourself any time you want, and this has caused you to send mental messages to your urinary system to produce to more urine.

Thus you're peeing a lot more often. It may sound improbable to you, but I assure you that this is by no means unheard of. You can either make a conscious effort to bring yourself down from the 'high' and therefore bring your urine production back down to normal, or you can stay like this, and soak yourself all the time. It's really up to you. Of course, as I said, I do want you to have those tests done, just to make sure you're alright. But I think you're going to be just fine Melanie”.

Melanie and Kyrie looked at each other and broke out into huge smiles. Suddenly they flung their arms around each other and brought their lips together and had a long wonderful kiss. They finally broke the kiss off and Kyrie said, “Oh Mel, I'm so happy for you”.

“Ohhh, me too”, Melanie said with considerable relief. The doctor just stood there and smiled the whole time. She then stepped forward and handed Melanie a sheet of paper and said, “Here's the request form for the blood tests. You'll have to go to a clinic uptown to have this done. Kyrie will show you the diapers they use here for trips into town. Get this done right away Melanie. I mean this afternoon, right after I leave, okay?”

“Okay, I will”, she replied, feeling a little nervous again.

“Okay then”, the doctor said brightly, “I'm going to head out now. I'll be back on Friday to see you about the test results, okay?”

“Yep, okay”, Melanie said, falling victim to the doctor's infectious good cheer.

“And Melanie”, the doctor said as she headed for the door, “in the meantime, feel free to soak yourself as much as you want”. Melanie and Kyrie giggled delightedly at that and Melanie said, “Thanks doctor”, while smiling broadly.

“Your very welcome Melanie”, the doctor smiled back. The she was gone.

Instantly Melanie and Kyrie were in each other's arms, breasts pressed together wonderously. “Oh Melanie!”, Kyrie said, “I so glad there's nothing wrong with you”, They immediately mashed their mouths together in a deep French kiss.

“Ahem!”, came a sudden voice from near the door. They leapt apart, blushing furiously, and turned to look. Sue, the nurse, had come to check on them. She put a mock angry look on her face, shook her index finger at them and said, “Girls! I mean really. You should be ashamed of yourself! Stand up, this intant!”

They looked at each other and immediately decided to play along. They stood up 'nervously' and then stared at the floor and fidgeted. Suddenly they both started to wet their pants voluminously, huge shining streams of pee flowing down the legs of their jeans and collecting in a huge pool on the floor around their feet.

“Now you're wetting yourselves like the naughty girls that you are …”. Suddenly Sue lost her composure and started to laugh. Melanie and Kyrie giggled and Melanie said, “Yeah, and it felt great too!” The three of them dissolved in laughter. Melanie had never felt better in her life. After a time they finally quieted down and Sue said, “Okay girls, you might as well go back to your dorm and I'll see about arranging a ride for you to the clinic. Unless you want to go somewhere else of course”.

“Okay”, they said in perfect unison. This brought more laughter as they stumbled happily out the door.

They decided to go to the cafeteria to have some lunch. They walked in and headed for a table, and as they sat down (Kyrie sat with a splash as her chair had a puddle of pee on it) they noticed a group of girls standing over in a far corner of the cafeteria. Melanie watched them with curiosity. The girls were standing in a circle, facing inward, and they were guzzling huge amounts of water. Their jeans were saturated, obviously from multiple wettings, and they were standing in a veritable lake of pee on the floor.

“What are they doing?”, Melanie asked.

“They're having a peeing contest”, Kyrie replied casually. “They usually happen when the girls start challenging each other to see who can pee the most. The water they're drinking has this stuff in it that makes them pee a lot. Then they just stand there and pee themselves as often as they can. Somebody keeps track and the girl who pees the most wins of course”.

“Well I could win that contest hands down!”, Melanie said with glee.

:Hey, yeah you're right!”, Kyrie said excitedly. Then her smile faded a bit and she said, “I don't know though sweetie. It might make you a lot worse”.

:Yeah, maybe you're right”, Melanie said with resignation. She looked a little down as she started eating her lunch. Kyrie slid over and pulled her tight. She kissed her tenderly on the lips and said, “Don't worry Mel, we've got each other. And that more than makes up for it, doesn't it?”

“Oh yeah”, Melanie said almost breathlessly.

They ate their lunch contently after that. After, as they were leaving the cafeteria, Kyrie said, “Let's go outside sweetie”.

Melanie smiled knowingly and said, teasingly, “If you insist”.

They walked out to the same secluded corner they had used earlier and immediately pulled each other tight and began to French kiss in earnest. They made out like this for about ten minutes and then Kyrie broke it off. She looked at Melanie, an expression of ecstasy on her face, her breath coming in little puffs.

“Let's go to bed and put all that pee of yours to good use”, she said huskily.

“Oh yesss”, Melanie breathed.

End of Part 3

Part 4 coming soon.

