Assignment: Water
	Marc receives and assigment from his Mistress.
Author: zeta515 (207-08-05)

Preface:

I have been submissive all my life, but have only come to realize this recently. Like most submissives I searched long and hard for the perfect Mistress to take me, control me, humiliate me, and use me for Her pleasure and perhaps even for Her amusement. In July of this year I found the perfect Mistress, Mistress V, who in her gracious wisdom decided to take me on as her submissive. Words cannot express my delight and excitement at this single most important event in my life. Since taking me as her sub, She had given me regular assignments. What follows is not so much a story as an account of once such assignment. This assignment was careful and well chosen by my Mistress. She knows her sub well. Upon receiving it and reading her desire, I became immediately exited not only by what She was commanding me to do, but by the thought that I would be exposing this part of myself to her and to who ever She chose to share my account with. In her wisdom she has decided to share my account with you, dear reader. It is my sincere hope that you enjoy this story and admire the mind of the Woman behind it. I still get excited thinking about these events, as hopefully you will when reading them. As with all Her assignments, this one begins with as simple email....

sub marc

Test: Capacity

Date of Test: Sunday, July 29th

Length of Test: This test will begin upon rising and end when you go to bed for the night.

I expect you to have a 16 oz water bottle by tomorrow morning. You will keep this bottle with you at all times during the next day and drink only from this bottle. Upon rising tomorrow morning totally empty your bladder and thereafter drink at least 16 oz of water each hour. You may please Me by drinking more. Keep track of how much you have consumed each hour. In addition, My sub, you will hold all of this liquid until you feel that you will explode and then you will try to hold it even longer. Do not displease Me by letting go of all of the fluids that you will be retaining at My command too soon.

Mistress V.

Mistress,

Here is the report on my assignment drinking water. I kept a diary of my assignment and I hope that it will please you, my Mistress.

10AM. I woke up and emptied my bladder, as instructed. I am really excited to begin this assignment but also a bit scared since I don't think I can hold 16oz of water per hour for very long. However I do want to please you very badly so I am determined to try my best. I shower, shave, and dress in shorts and a tee shirt. Today is Sunday and I have nothing planed, so I will be able to focus entirely my assignment. At 10:30 I drink the first 16oz of water. I am embarrassed to confess that I am very excited to be under your control. The idea of you controlling all my bodily functions really makes me excited. I am blushing as I write this confession to you.

11AM. I start drinking my second 16 oz of water. At this point there is no need to urinate, so my worries subside slightly, although I am still apprehensive. I spread the water out over the hour finishing the last just before 11:45AM. Still no need to urinate, which surprises me.

12PM. I refill the bottle and start drinking again. At this point a sudden need to urinate hits me. My bladder is full and the need to go urgent. I try to control myself, but the need grows by the minute. I begin to think of nothing else but relieving myself. In desperation I think of ways that I can decrease the sensation in my bladder. The bottle is half full and its only 12:15PM.

It occurs to me that if I can become hard, that this will help. I log onto my computer and look for some erotica to read. I find some and start reading, but I find it increasingly difficult to concentrate. I am only half hard and the pressure in my bladder is intense. I fight the urge to go to the bathroom and pee. At this point I make a tactical decision, and I am not sure if it is correct. You have left me with no instructions regarding this, and it is too late to ask you. I know I am not allowed to cum, but I have no instructions about touching myself. I go to the bathroom and rub myself, getting myself really hard before I stop. God! I am so embarrassed telling you this but I know I must. I think about you while I am doing this. I want to suffer this discomfort for you as long as possible and I am desperate.

I go back and continue reading but quickly loose my erection. I also finish my water for the hour. By 12:45 my bladder is beyond bursting. I can't concentrate on anything and I am pacing the floor. I think of you and hope when you read these words will take some pleasure in my discomfort. This is the only thought that gives me solace. At 12:50 I can take it no longer. I am beginning to feel a bit sick, so I go and pee. It seems to take forever to empty my bladder. I hope that I have held out long enough. I am worried since I truly want to please you.

1PM. I fill the bottle but do not start drinking again until about 1:20PM. I feel much better. Just before 2PM I finish the bottle again.

2PM. I refill the bottle and take a few sips. I can feel the need to urinate coming on. I am not sure I will last the hour. I have learned from the past hours that keeping hard helps, but that without constant stimulation I will not be able to maintain an erection. I decided that perhaps it's best not to do this, since I am not sure if it will anger you or not. I know not being hard will decrease my time between peeing but hopefully I will do well enough to at least not displease you. I am embarrassed to confess again, that I am still excited my doing this. The thought of you enjoying my discomfort makes me very excited. By 2:30 I am pacing the floor. I have half a bottle of water to go and my bladder is near bursting. At 2:40 I can take it no longer. I am starting to feel queasy again and my bladder is aching. I think of rubbing myself *blush* but know this is not going to help for long and I am not sure I should be doing this anyways. At 2:45 I go pee. As before it seems to take forever to empty my bladder; I am conflicted. Physically I feel better, but I also feel bad. I want to please you and hope that I my discomfort has been enough. I return and drink the rest of the water.

3PM. Again I refill the bottle. I wait till 3:15 and start drinking more water. By 3:30 I am desperate to go. I feel so bad Mistress...like I am failing you. At 3:35 I am beyond desperate. I go to the bathroom and rub myself again till I am hard. This helps but only for a few minutes. By 3:40 I am bursting...pacing...frantic. I break down a pee again. I hope I am not displeasing you and I am very anxious about this. I am also very excited. The thought of doing this and experiencing all this physical discomfort and emotional turmoil and embarrassment has me very aroused. The thought of this pleasing you is especially exciting. On the other hand I think I am failing. The time between peeing is clearly decreasing. I guess, in part, it's the water working its way though my system. I suspected at the outset that this would be the case. By the end of the day, I fear I will be peeing every 30 minutes or so. Please forgive me Mistress.

4PM. I fill the bottle again and take a few sips. I feel my bladder filling already. It's going to be a very long hour. By 4:30 I am desperate again and I finish my water and go to pee. I have been pacing and my bladder is so full that I can almost start to feel myself dripping. I barely make it to the bathroom.

5PM. I need to pee again. I have lost all control; my bladder aches and I feel waves of discomfort accompanied by an irresistible need to urinate. It's as if I will loose control and wet myself at any second. I rush the bathroom and pee again. I feel guilty and think of you Mistress and hope that I am not displeasing you. I fill my bottle again and get diner ready. I have not eaten all day and I now realize that I may have made an error. As I eat my diner, the need to pee completely subsides, even though I am drinking my water all the time.

6PM. I finish diner and drink more water. I think that the food must have absorbed some of the water, keeping it from my bladder. It has been over an hour and I still do not need to pee, even though I have been drinking all my water. Things go well until about a quarter to 7 when the sudden and urgent need to pee returns with a vengeance. I pace and struggle with the discomfort in my groin until about 7:05. At this point the waves of discomfort and near loss of control return and I am forced to pee again. It has been two hours since I have gone, somewhat of an improvement but I can see that any benefit from eating has passed. I know it will be a long evening.

7PM. I decide to wait until almost 8PM before drinking again. This seems to work. The food in my stomach must be still holding or absorbing some water, for I don't need to pee. At 7:55 I drink my full 16 oz. I think of you Mistress and hope I can make it to at least 9PM before I am forced to pee again.

8PM. I refill my bottle immediately after finishing my 7PM water. I look at the bottle and realize that I will soon be using it to humiliate myself. This makes me excited and I am so embarrassed to tell you this, but I get an erection. This reminds me of how superior women truly are. They do not have to display their excitement is such an obvious and shameful way. I pray that when you read this, it will please you, or at the very least I will not have displeased you. I am trying very hard to go as long as possible between visits to the bathroom. I hope it is long enough. I am very worried, as I do want to please you so!

At about 8:30 I check my email and find a message from you. In it you have instructed me that the time between peeing must always be increasing. Oh that I had known this sooner! I am really worried now. I pray that you will be merciful with me! However I will continue with my assignment and hope for the best.

9PM. I have finished my 8PM water and refilled my bottle. It's been about 2 hours since I last peed but my need is becoming urgent. I take a sip of water knowing that by doing so I will soon be humiliating myself again. The thought excites me but I fear your wrath Mistress and pray that you will be merciful with me.

I make it to 9:20 before I all but loose control. It's hard to accurately describe the sensation in my groin. My bladder is aching and my penis is burning. I am sweating down there and I am about to dribble. I run the bathroom and pee. It takes forever it seems to empty my bladder. I can't seem to control myself Mistress. I feel so ashamed and I am fearful of your displeasure. I beg for your mercy. I look at my water bottle it is about three quarter full. I shudder knowing that I have several more hours to go.

10PM. I finish my 9PM water just before 10. I wait to refill and drink my bottle, hoping to stretch myself as long as possible. I am beginning to think that this assignment would make a great punishment. By 10:45 my bladder is aching again, and I have not even taken any of my 10PM water. I think of you Mistress and again I hope my discomfort gives you some pleasure. I am still very excited by the thought of having to drink 16 oz of water in the next 15 minutes and then try and hold it. It makes me partially hard just contemplating it. If my bladder was not so full I know I would be very hard.

At 10:50 I fill my bottle. I am dancing before the faucet; my need to pee is so great. When the bottle is full I rush to the bathroom and rub my penis frantically trying to get it hard. I do so only with great effort and it keeps me from peeing for the moment. I rush back at 10:55 and start guzzling my water. I have only 5 minutes left. My hands are trembling as I drink it and my legs are shaking. It's all I can do to get it down by 11PM.

11PM. I am frantic. I pace up and down and the urgency to pee comes in ever more frequent and irresistible waves. I go to the bathroom and rub myself again. It's difficult to get an erection and when I do, it's not all that hard. Within half a minute of stopping I go limp and my bladder screams for release. I rush back to the bathroom and the second I pull out my penis, urine floods out and into the toilet. I get pee on my pants – I am so embarrassed. It's 11:05PM. I am planning on going to bed at midnight so I refill my bottle and start to drink again. This will be my last bottle. I think I will be able to hold it till midnight, but I know I'll be up several times tonight to pee.

I am still worried that I have displeased you Mistress. I have tried my best and I hope that at least some of my discomfort and what I have done will please you. In a strange way I am sad to see this assignment end. I may not have done well but I am so excited and I feel so close to you Mistress. It's a few minutes before midnight now. At 12:01 I will pee and be off to bed. Thank you again Mistress for this assignment and the chance to serve you.

sub marc

Postscript

I wake up in the middle of the night, my bladder is full and I need to pee urgently. For a minute I hesitate, but then, as sleep leaves me, and my mind clears, I realize that I have permission again, to pee. This simple act of being able to do this, have control over doing this, feels strange somehow, but it is also a relief from discomfort and suffering of the day past. I get up and pee, swaying over the toilet, still partially asleep, and a bit weak from my previous trials. After what seems like forever, I finish and return to bed. I am instantly erect, and my penis throbs with desire. I dare not touch myself. For this permission has not been granted. I realize that after all, I have no control; that the simple act of urination is a momentary gift from my Mistress, a gift that can be granted or rescinded at her desire. The thought of this makes me harder and I throb all the more. Sleep eludes me now and I am thinking of Her when the early morning light finally comes.

