Kate
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation and Wetting.
By: Roger Ireland (2003'05)

Mr. IP Offten
147 Sutton Rd.
Newport Rd
Gwent

Human Resource Manager
United Breakdown Ltd.
Unit 4
Appleby Industries Est.
Coventry, Warwickshire

Dear Sirs,

In strict confidence-

The call came through to me at about 9:30 on a wet Saturday night. The text message read, "Dark blue Peugeot 106. Registration No. M 244 TJW, Broken down A40 Northbound, approx. 2 miles north of Monmouth, LONE FEMALE, PRIORITY ASSISTANCE! Driver details...................." The rain was moderately heavy when I set out from the base and showed no sign of improvement as I drove the recovery truck 30 minutes or so from the Newport Depot to the spot just outside of Monmouth where this lady had broken down.

I found the car on the side of the dual carriageway. There is no lighting on this road and the driver, a girl about 24 years old, was very pleased to see me. She was cold, as the car's engine would not start and so the heater was not working. I asked her name to confirm the report and she told me it was Kate Stephens. This tallied with my notes and I suggested she sat in my cab to warm up while I took a look at the car.

A quick look at the car told me that the main lever had broken in the fuel pump and that there was no way this car was driving anywhere that night. I got back into my vehicle and broke the news to Miss Stephens and explained that I could winch her car up onto the back of the recovery truck and either take her back to where she had started her journey, or on to her destination. She pondered the choice for a moment, and then said, "I have to be at work Monday morning and I don't think I will be able to get the car fixed on a Sunday in Cardiff. It would probably be best if I went home to Shrewsbury. Do you mind?"

I replied politely that this was the service she paid for and that I would be happy to transport her home if that was what she preferred. So, having winched her car aboard and secured it, we set off north for Shrewsbury. The rain had not lessened all this time and I was glad to be back in the cab.

As we drove towards Shrewsbury she told me something about herself and it turned out that she had been visiting an old college friend from the time she was in Cardiff University doing a Business Studies Degree and that now she was assistant chief-cashier in a Bank in Shrewsbury. We talked about our families and holidays, all the sorts of things people talk about when forced into close proximity with a stranger. She had taken off her coat and I could see she was dressed in a calf-length denim skirt, a white shirt and a denim waistcoat, the sort I think they call a bolero. She was quite pretty, with brunette hair and a lively attractive personality. I found myself talking to her quite easily.

Somewhere between Leominster and Ludlow Kate asked, "How far is it to Shrewsbury now?"

I replied, "About 35 miles I would think, just under an hour maybe."

She said, "are there any services around, I am dying to pee!"

I was a little surprised at her directness but thought for a minute, "there's absolutely nothing around here, not at this time of night anyway." I hesitated... "I could stop in a gateway for you, or something, if you really need to go."

"Not in this weather!" She exclaimed, "I'll do it in my knickers first!"

Unsure of how to respond to that I said, "You'll probably be all right until you get home, it won't be that long now."

She said, "I've been needing to go since waiting in that cold car and I can't wait any longer, I'm going to have to do it in a minute." I again offered to stop for her but she said, "I'm too warm now to get out and pull clothes up and down in the rain, don't worry I'll be O K."

Within a few minutes a sign for Shrewsbury glowed in the headlights showing 28 miles to go. "There you are," I said, "28 miles, we should do that in 40 minutes."

"Don't rush," she said, "I've already done it in my knickers."

I was stunned! "What! All of it?" I blurted out.

"Quite a lot," she said, "I'm not bursting anymore anyway."

I was intrigued by this revelation, not to mention excited! "Doesn't it bother you?" I asked, "to sit in wet things for the next half hour or so?"

She smiled and said, "better to be wet and warm than wet and cold. I would have got soaked and frozen getting half undressed out in this weather anyway, besides I've wet my knickers before and it's not particularly uncomfortable. Haven't you ever wet yourself anytime?"

By this time a comfortable intimacy had formed between us, created in part, I suppose, by the isolation of the lonely road and the shared security of the warm, dry cab but Kate had just taken that to new heights by admitting something very, very intimate indeed. I realized at this point that imagining her bottom wrapped in the warm wetness of her knickers and skirt had sexually aroused me. I pondered her question. I had wet myself on occasion in the past but never talked about it to anyone. I said, "you said you had wet yourself before, I'm amazed, not that you have, I suppose most people do it now and then, but that you are so open about it."

"I'm not usually," she said, "but we've hit it off quite well and there'll be a wet patch on your seat when I get out, so I could hardly keep it a secret could I? I had a couple of accidents at college during long lectures and I soon worked out that if I left it too long when I was desperate to pee, I ended up losing control altogether and then everyone found out. If I pee in my knickers a bit at a time I can get away with letting a lot out and no one ever knows. In fact I have completely relieved myself a couple of times with a long skirt on. You would be surprised just how much you can let out before it shows! Besides, it's no big deal; they're my knickers and skirt! They will be going in for wash when I get home anyway. So why sit and suffer?"

The logic was devastating! All it required was a total reversal of what we are taught from an early age. This intimacy with a girl I hardly knew, combined with the idea of challenging deeply conditioned values, was intoxicating and I was so aroused by now that I could barely drive properly. Kate looked at me shrewdly and said, "You like the sound of this don't you? Don't be afraid to accept your feelings, it is also very arousing. I discovered that years ago. Try it!"

We were entering the outskirts of Shrewsbury and as Kate guided me through the streets to her house half my mind was on her subtle challenge. As we pulled up outside her house she looked me in the eye and said, "I'm actually peeing myself again right now, you try it. Make this trip worth remembering, no one will ever know." So there I sat, in the middle of Shrewsbury, in the Company's truck, beside a girl I hardly knew and completely wet my pants.

The above describes the true account of the events of the evening of Sat. 16th of November 2002. Following this first meeting, I formed a relationship with Miss Stephens. I accept and understand that it is strictly against the Company's rules to take advantage of any customer but I believe the foregoing shows that this was not the case. Miss Stephens and I now enjoy a permanent relationship and I hereby ask you to consider this fact together with the above report and my past record of service in support of my application for a permanent transfer to Telford depot.

Yours faithfully,

IP Offten
