The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (32-39)

Posted by Aquavite (1997'07)

Number 32 April 2, 1997

Dear Aqua,

I'm glad to hear Joanne has only had a few dribbles. That's pretty normal. Lucky for her she hasn't been like poor Sara! I hope Sara hasn't had anymore accidents. And I think that's great that Sara exercises in just her Panties and top. That's so cute. I bet she and I are really similar.

You know that I don't really find wetting to be a big turn on but if I knew it turned on Dave like it turns on you then yes it would be a turn on for me. One of the things that turns me on the most is knowing that Dave or maybe another guy who's watching me is getting turned on by whatever I'm doing. I love knowing that I'm turning on guys! I guess its my way of having a little power instead of always being the submissive one.

I don't know what fantasy to tell you!! I'm not good at that kind of thing. But all I know is that if I were with you and I loved you like I love Dave then I'd do anything you ask me to just to please you and enjoy watching you get turned on. I really mean it. I love knowing that he's happy with me and that I can still turn him on. So if it were you instead then I'd do whatever you want me to. And since I think you like desperation, I could make it a real accident by trying to hold it too long (which wouldn't be to hard for me).

And since you like other people knowing I would do it in public for you. And you'd probably want cotton panties and want me to wear them wet the rest of the day right? But I wouldn't do it in pants because that's to messy. I'd prefer to do it wearing a short skirt and no nylons. Or even in shorts and I'd just slip them off before going but pants are to messy. So I would just do it however you wanted me to

You should be the one to come up with the fantasy because its your fantasy right? So you think of the fantasy. What's your ultimate fantasy with me??

Bye, Debbie

Number 33 4 Apr 1997 

Dear Aqua,

Yes its so late and I'm still here at work. I can't write much because Dave's already upset with me for having to stay this late (I just got off the phone with him). But we've been so busy that I didn't have time to write earlier.

What an adorable picture of Steffi Graf!! I think she looks so cute with her skirt up like that and her panties showing! And that definitely looks like her panties because it looks like theres lace along the sides. Don't you think so? And I wonder if she knows her picture was taken like that and everyone can now see it. Do you think she ever wet her panties?

I love that picture and now I can't wait to start taking a tennis class again. I don't think there offering them yet but hopefully soon. I'll have to go get some new panties and maybe a new skirt or 2 to play in. You liked white panties under a black skirt right? Anyway, thanks for the picture. She's so cute. (And writing about all of this and seeing the picture has made my panties damp -- thanks to you!!)

So far I really like your fantasy. Especially the part about me being in public wearing a short see-through skirt and white silk panties underneath that everyone can see through my skirt! So I'm desperate to pee and what happens? Do I whisper to you that I need to find the little girls room otherwise I'm gonna wet my panties? But there's no little girl's room around so you tell me to go ask someone and as I'm asking him I feel myself starting to go and he says he doesn't know where one is and then asks what's wrong.

And I tell him I just started to wet my panties and I start to panic and I call for you to come over quickly and you come over and I tell you I've already started to wet myself and you see I'm about to cry but you tell me its OK and that it happens to every girl and no one is gonna laugh at you and then you tell me your gonna lift my skirt so it doesn't get wet and you lift it all the way up above my panties and put your arm around me and then tell me to stop trying to hold it and just start going so I do and you start kissing my neck as everyone gathers around and watches me wet my panties?

Is that how it would go? So did I just get you aroused by doing that? I hope so because that's exactly what I was trying to do (ha ha)!! And that's for making my panties wet by sending that picture!!

I better go because its late.

Bye for now, Debbie

Number 34 Wed, 9 Apr 1997 

Dear Aqua,

So you liked my letter!! And it really turned you on huh??!! Great!! I love that I can turn you on like that. And I thought of another thing in the story. Seeing Steffi graf in her panties like that made me think that in our story I would be in my tennis skirt and then right when I'm papanickingnd about to cry and I call for you then you come over and try to calm me down and tell me its OK and that your now gonna lift my tennis skirt so that I don't wet it and you lift it and everyone can see my silk panties. That's how I'd like to do it just like how everyone can see Steffi Grafs panties although hers looks like cotton, your favorite. Again, I wonder if she ever wet herself playing a game?

Yeah I got pretty wet looking at that picture. I don't know what it is about panties with me. On one hand your told your not supposed to let anyone see them but then there so pretty that I think there almost supposed to be seen so I guess that means that there supposed to be seen by only certain people like your boyfriend or husband so maybe that's why I think its so cute when other people can see them to. Maybe I guess its a little naughty but in a cute and innocent way and that's why I like it.

I'm not bi or anything but I do notice pretty women or cute girls and I usually immediately look at what there wearing and if its a little revealing I like that maybe because I think somewhere there's a guy who's turned on by her or other women like that and that makes me think about doin the same thing or dressing the same way and having guys get turned on by seeing me. But then if you go to far then it becomes a turn off like some of the really sleezy girls you see down here who don't take care of there bodies and wear things way to revealing. 

But then you'd want to make love to me right after I wet myself? That's so opposite from Dave and I'd be so upset that I probably couldn't even do it. Oh but I would be doing this because I know it turns you on so maybe I wouldn't be so upset and I could make love. But we couldn't do it right there with all those people around.

Oh I can't believe Sara had another accident yesterday morning and in her new panties to! Poor Sara! I'm sure there gonna be stained now to. Does she have many pairs of yellow panties? If not maybe she should get some because her accidents won't show as much but I'm sure she already knows that. I'm sure her friends know. Do they?

I thought the story about the girl in that class was so cute.[I told about a pretty girl who wore a short skirt to class, jumped up in the middle of class, clearly to go pee, and then came back. I and other noticed that her panties were wet?she sat so it was easy to see up her dress.] How old was she? And how do you know that she always seems to wear white panties?! I think its great that you notice that but how do you know? Is it because she's always wearing short skirts and you can see her panties when she sits down or is it because she wears things that are a little see-through.

I'm interested in how you know that about her. And I think its great that all the other guys are looking up her skirt and she doesn't even know they can all see her panties does she? That's so cute!! And it bad enough that she ended up not making it to the little girls room on time but then she didn't even know that you could see that she wet her panties! I feel so bad for her!! Not so much about the wetting part but that you and probably some of the other guys knew that she had an accident!! Did she seem upset about her accident? If not then I bet she probably dribble and wets alot and is just used to it, kinda like Sara. 

I haven't had any major accidents since the last one at work I wrote you about. Just a few dribbles since then but now when I do laundry I notice the yellow stains especially in my white panties more now than I used to and it makes me think of you and Sara.

I better get back to work. Thanks again for the picture of Steffi.

Bye for now, Debbie

Number 35 Mon, 21 Apr 1997 

Dear Aqua,

My boss is back now so I don't have much time to write. He has me doing a ton of stuff and as usual I was trying to get as much done at my desk before running to the little girls room and of course I didn't quite make it in time. I had a mini accident just before making it to the door. Nothing to bad but enough to wet my peach panties. They should begin to dry by the time I get home so Dave won't even notice.

So did you go to that beach and see lots of girls in there panties? That sounds like such a great beach.

Anyway, I better send this and get back to work.

Bye for now, Debbie

Number 36 Fri, 30 May 1997 

Dear Aqua,

Sorry I haven't written in so long but I've been so busy. Plus I was out sick for a while with the stomach flu and then Dave and I went out of town for a few days. So I've been trying to get caught up at work ever since. But I had to write to you today because I wet myself through one of the new pairs of cotton panties I bought a few weeks ago and I figured you'd want to know about it. Since its friday I'm wearing a short denim skirt today with the white cotton panties underneath. 

A bunch of us went out to lunch at the mall and I always have to much ice tea to drink because they keep refilling the glass. Anyway, when we were leaving we did a little shopping including stopping at Victoria's Secret and you can never get me out of there. But it was getting late and we had to get back and on the way back I knew I had to go soon. So we got back and instead of going right to the little girls room I went to tell my boss I was back and he asked me to get his voice mail messages so I had to listen to all of them (there were 5) and write them down and then tell him who called and then someone else called so I had to go get the phone put him on hold and finish telling him about his messages and transfer the call in and by then I felt like I was ready to have an accident. 

So I went to tell him that I was going to go use the toilet but he was on the phone with his back to me so I waited for a little while and then wrote it on a post-it and when I leaned down to write it I felt myself go in my panties a little. So I quickly showed it to him and he nodded OK and I hurried off. The little girls room is on the opposite side of the floor from where I sit so on the way this guy who I think has a crush on me stopped me to say hello and talk. So I stopped and said hello and as he was talking I started going again.

I could feel my pee running down my leg. I was really wet but he's such a nice guy and I didn't want to seem rude but I had to just interrupt him and tell him that I had to go to the little girls room or I was gonna have a major accident so he apologized and let me go so I hurried to the toilet and I was lifting my skirt I went alot but luckily managed to finish going in the toilet. But the damage was done to my panties. 

So now my panties are wet and thanks to you I'm wearing white cotton which absorbs everything and stains yellow. Now I just have to make sure I get home early enough to change. But at least I didn't have a major accident because that would've been a disaster. God, I could have totally peed standing talking to that guy.

So how are you and how's Sara and Joanne? And did I tell you I've started my tennis lessons again! I love wearing my tennis skirt and getting the reactions from the guys!!

Bye for now, Debbie

Number 37 Tue, 8 Jul 1997 22:02:56 -0400 (EDT)

Dear Aqua,

Sorry I haven't written much lately but things have been so busy. And guess what? Dave surprised me this weekend with a trip to Hawaii!! I've never been and I'm so excited. At first I couldn't believe it. I was so shocked. We leave Thursday morning and will be gone for about 8 days. I still can't believe it! Everything he told me about the hotels and the beaches and everything sounds great. Plus we'll get to see some friends who moved there probably 5 years ago. I just can't wait! But I've got so much to do right now just to get ready its crazy. 

So I thought of you this weekend because I almost had a major accident. We went to dinner and then to see "Face Off" in the theater. Dinner ran late and it was so hot here that I had lots of ice tea. Then we had to hurry to the theater because Dave really hates getting bad seats. So we got our tickets and then we had to stand in line and wait. When we finally got in I thought I'd better go use the little girls room even though I wasn't busting to go but Dave asked me go get seats first while he gets popcorn and then when he finds me I can go. So I got our seats and waited for him but it took him so long that by the time he found me the movie was just starting. So I didn't worry because I figured I could always go after the movie. He also bought me a diet coke to sip on. 

But I had no idea it was such a long movie, over 2 hours. And it was so good to that I didn't want to miss any. So by the end of the movie I had to go so bad that as soon as we got up from our seats I went a little in my panties. And there was so many people that it seemed like I would never get to the little girls room. When I finally got there there was a line. So I waited in line and there were some other girls who had to go bad to and one said "if this line doesn't move faster I'm gonna pee my panties" and another girl said "I've already started" and we all laughed and I felt myself going more.

Since I was about to have a major accident I went to the men's room and right away the guys started staring at me and making comments but I found an open stall and went inside and finished going. I was wearing a blue denim skirt and white silk panties since I know you'd want to know. And, yes, I wet them quite a bit and some went down my legs. And when I walked by the little girls room on the way out the other girls had already made it inside so I don't know if they had accidents or not.

Thanks for your last letter. I felt so bad for Sara when her zipper got stuck.[Sara ended up wetting her jeans nearly to her knees and then had to come out of the hotel bathroom and see the friends we had in the hotel room. One of the guys asked her if she wet her pants, and she explained the zipper got stuck and she had to tear it off, but she couldn't do it in time and began to wet her jeans and panties.] Was it stuck open so that everyone could see her panties? That would have made it even more embarrassing. that reminded me of when the same kind of thing happened to me at College when I was wearing sweat pants and they were tied in a not and I couldn't undo it in time.

Anyway, I hope everything's OK with you and Sara and I better finish packing.

Bye for now, Debbie

Number 38 Mon, 21 Jul 1997 Dear Aqua,

I'm back from Hawaii and we had a great time! Its so beautiful over there and I just loved the sun and the beautiful water and everything. And guess what happened! We got engaged!! Dave gave me a ring and proposed!! He had it planned that way all along! Can you believe it? I still can't!! The ring is beautiful. Its a one carat diamond solitare! He proposed the second night we were there over dinner with a view of the water and the sunset. It was so romantic!! So were really getting married. We haven't set a date yet but Dave wants it to be really small and not a big event. So I'm not sure when its gonna be. We called my mom and stepfather and they were really happy for us. And since it was my first time to Hawaii we did lots of sightseeing and snorkeling which was really fun to see all the fish and spent alot of time at the beach and the pool. I don't think I've ever been this tan before. I bought a new white 2 piece bathing suit before the trip and got alot of use out of it.

And I even got a massage to and it was great. I've never had a real one like that before. They asked me if I wanted a man or a woman and I didn't like the idea of another woman touching me all over so I asked for a man (Dave said it was OK). And then I went to the room in my shorts and a tank top and he said some people keep there clothes on and some get completely naked. There was no way I was gonna get naked in front of him but he said if I wanted him to use a special lotion on me I'd have to undress down to at least my panties. So then he left the room and I undressed down to my panties and then he came back in and began the massage. I was a little nervous at first but then it was so relaxing and then I started to get aroused because this strange guy was touching me all over and I was in just my panties. I really loved it and felt my panties starting to get wet. By the end I was really wet, and not from an accident.

And I loved all the clothes and the short dresses. There's so many pretty girls there to. One night at dinner we were waiting to be seated and this really pretty dark haired girl was sitting across from us in a short white thin cotton dress. When she'd stand up you could see right through her dress the front and the back and see her white string bikini panties. I thought it was so cute and of course Dave loved it. And then when she sat down again the hem of her dress somehow got caught and she wasn't paying attention and you could see all the way up her dress for the longest time. She had no idea. It was so cute. I looked over at Dave and he was just staring at her so I told him not to stare. When she got up with he date to get her table again you could clearly see her panties from behind. 

Then Dave reached behind me and slowly started to pull up my dress which caused it to get pulled up in front to so much that it was barely covering my panties in fact I had to stop him otherwise he would've kept going. Then another couple sat down across from us and I could tell the guy was looking between my legs because he could see my panties. Plus I was wearing ivory silk which really stands out when your tan. Later Dave said I needed to get a dress like that and we looked for one and found one that was a little see-through but not as see-through as hers. And I bet the pants that Sara bought must be so cute. Are they really that see-through? [Up, completely see through, you can see every stitch if you're close enough.] If they are I bet she gets lots of looks. And does she know that there that see-through? [Yup again, she bought them.] I bet you love it when she wears them and I bet you love picking out her panties to on those days, right? [Yup again.]

When we were at the airport in Honolulu I was walking with Dave after getting our luggage to get the rental car and as I was crossing the street my sundress blew all the up in back! I couldn't believe how windy is was there at times. Anyway I tried to shake it back down because my hands were full but it wouldn't work so I had to stop and put down everything and then pull it down. Then I looked back up and realized all the people at the baggage claim could see everything. Then the same thing happened when we were trying to get to our flight to go home. We were rushing to the gate but had to walk through an long open area and my dress flew up again so I had to hold it down with one hand and carry my purse and another carry on bag with the other hand. 

And I had a mini accident on the plane coming home because we were late taking off because we had to wait for some people from another flight and then it takes 5 hours and when they said we were 20 minutes away I got up to use the toilet but there were 4 people in front of me. So I had to hold it as long as I could and everyone was taking so long. Anyway I must've been pretty obvious because one of the male flight attendants told me I could go upstairs and use the toilet up there so I started walking upstairs and that's when I couldn't hold it anymore and felt myself starting to go in my panties. So I quickly got to the toilet and locked the door and finished going there but my panties were pretty wet but not wet enough to drip so it was OK. I was wearing pink that day.

That's all for now. I better get going

Number 39 Wed, 23 Jul 1997 

Dear Aqua,

Thanks for your letter and your congratulations. If you couldn't tell I'm really excited about it! And I'm sure Dave will never get tired of showing me off. He loves doing that.

I think that's great about Sara's pants and that she feels so comfortable letting guys see her panties like that. Has she received many comments from guys about it? She must love the attention. And she must purposely bend over alot right? Especially when guys are around. I would. And she must think like me that they wouldn't make pants that see-through if we weren't really supposed to let guys see our panties. Whoever made those pants know that they were gonna see girls panties right?

And they wouldn't make our panties as cute as they are if guys weren't supposed to see them. That's what I think anyway and that's what I've been taught but most girls don't see it that way. Do you know where Sara got her pants? Maybe I could go get pair and we could be twins. Except I'd wear a cute pair of flowered panties underneath because they would show up even better then white. The next time she wears those pants when you pick out her panties that day you should pick out a cute flowered pair for her to wear! Really.

I feel so bad for that poor girl in the short dress on your flight in Hawaii! That must've been awful for her being on an airplane and having to go like that and there being no toilets. I would've been in tears. But lucky for her she was wearing a short dress and that she could just go in her panties without getting everything else wet. Did she know you were watching her and were there lots of other people at the airport watching her. That must've been so embarrassing for her but it doesn't sound like there was anything else she could do. These things happen and I'm sure it wasn't the first time for her. I felt bad for her though.

The time I wet my panties in my sweat pants was no big deal. In fact I completely forgot about it until you told me the story about Sara's zipper getting stuck. I was at College and I was working out one day I knew I had to go pretty bad but I kept working out and then I had to go real bad so I went to the little girls room and I tried to untie the strings of my sweats but instead of loosening them I made more of a not and it kept getting worse everytime I pulled one of the strings. So then I tried to force them down over my hips but they were on to tight. So I started to panic because now I really had to go but there was no way I could get my sweats off.

So then I got real upset because I figured this was one of those times when I was gonna have to go in my panties but then another girl walked in so I asked her if she had anything in her purse to help undo the not but she didn't want to help and then another girl came in and she gave me a pen so we started working on it but I just couldn't hold it anymore and right before we got it undone I started going. I quickly untied it and ran to the toilet and finished going there but I had already gone alot in my panties. Afterwards I realized I still had her pen so I waited for her and then gave it back and she asked if I made it on time and I told her no and she said she was sorry and I remember us talking about it and even laughing about it a little. So thats what I remember.

I also wish Dave wouldn't get so disgusted with me when I wet my panties but I don't think he'll ever change. He expects me to be the one to change. But I have learned to be a little more careful and I'm also much better at hiding it from him and I only get in trouble when he finds out about it. In fact he had no idea I had the mini accident on the plane because I could just hide it under my dress. But deep inside I was afraid he was gonna put his hand up my dress or slide it up so that the male flight attendant could see my panties like he did earlier in the flight.

If that had happened then I would've been in trouble. But we were close to landing and the flight attendants were all busy so he probably didn't bother. Anyway, so I've been lucky that he hasn't spanked me in a long time for wetting myself. The last time I think was the time on New Years at the hotel. But I can understand why he gets so upset. He buys me all these nice silk pairs of panties and loves to see me in them and touch me and show me off in them and then when he sees I've wet them its like I've ruined them and its a major turn off to him so he gets upset. And if he ever wet his underpants like that I'd probably be kinda turned off by it to. Anyway, so I can understand how he feels and I don't think he's ever gonna change.

I'd better go. Let me know how Sara is and where she got her pants. And how is Joanne?

Bye for now, Debbie

