CAN YOU HOLD, PLEASE?

Author: William Abbott

The day I first came across a web site devoted to female desperation was a big event in my life. It wasn't that I suddenly learned anything new about my own sexuality. I've always known what I like, and I'd already been writing stories for my own enjoyment for years. But on the web, first at Thomas's Water Resources (now defunct) and more recently at The Experience Project, I found other guys like me, other guys who get turned on by a woman who urgently needs to pee. For the first time, I knew I wasn't alone in the world.

More of a surprise for me was finding women at these sites who were also turned on by stories of female desperation, women for whom holding a full bladder or pushing herself to the point of wetting was powerfully arousing.

This story is about one such woman, working late by herself in the office and having a little fun.

“Fulfillment center. Can you hold, please?” the voice on the phone asks.

“Sure,” she says. She’s working late— probably the last person left in the office suite on a Friday evening—but this is the last bit of paperwork she needs to clear up before she can call it a day and go home.

Muzak on the other end. On hold. Holding. Holding it.

For real.

She’s been holding it all afternoon, actually. Kind of half on purpose. She’s always liked the feeling of having to pee. Sex on a full bladder always feels amazing. It adds to that feeling of being “crowded inside” as a man’s cock thrusts inside her, and she always cums faster and harder with a full bladder. Sometimes just needing to pee all by itself makes her aroused, and her fantasies when she pleasures herself often revolve around herself or other people in urgent need of relief.

But this is ridiculous. It’s getting her a little juicy, yes, but she really should have gone to the ladies’ before making this call. Should have gone an hour ago, because by now she’s at the point where it almost hurts. Instead, she’s sitting here at her desk with her legs crossed and tapping her foot. Listening to the Muzak, she thinks about just hanging up, because if she doesn’t get to the bathroom soon she’s literally going to wet her panties right here at her desk.

“Thank you for holding. This is Phil. How may I help you?”

“Hi!” she says. (Where was she? Oh yes.) “I’ve got a shipment on order that’s showing two different transaction numbers. I need to know which one is correct.”

“OK. What’s your account number?”

Flipping through the papers on her desk, she shudders from a sudden spasm of urgency. She stands up, crosses her legs, and squirms. “Ah, here it is.” She reads him the number.

“Great,” says Phil. “Calling up your account now.” Listening to the keys clicking on his computer, she begins to pace back and forth. She pulls her desk chair around to grind her crotch into the back of it. It helps, at least a little. It also feels kind of good. “One second,” says Phil, and then there’s Muzak again.

Damn it, she’s ready to pop, but she can’t just hang up on him now. She’s been trying to reach this west coast distributer since morning, and here she’s finally gotten through to someone who might help...if she can just hold for another few minutes. Hold on. Hold it in. “Come on, come on,” she mutters. She sits down again and crosses her legs, afraid that if she didn’t, she would lose a spurt. She can imagine just what it would feel like if her crotch were suddenly hot, the warmth spreading out under her bottom. What would she do then? Scoot forward in her chair, probably, franticly pulling up her skirt with one hand, her panties out of the way with the other, still holding the phone wedged against her shoulder.

She’d spread her knees and piss like a faucet at full blast onto the floor. Thank goodness for that vinyl floor mat! Much easier to clean up. Her panties would be wet anyway; she’d slide them down to her ankles, slip her feet out of them, and then push them around with her foot to mop up the worst of it, and when this call is finally over, she’ll walk down to the ladies’ room for some paper towels.

No. No no no. She won’t lose it. She can hold it. Yes. Hold on.

Another voice come on, a woman this time. “Are you being helped?”

“Yes. I’m holding it for...I mean holding for full. For Phil. For the fill...full...fillfullment center.”

“OK. I’ll put you back on hold, then.” A click and then the music is back.

She grits her teeth and re-crosses her legs. She can hold it, but the instant this call is over, she’s literally going to run down to the other end of the office suite to where the restrooms are. Not walk. Run. When she finally gets to piss, it is going to feel so utterly amazing. She can see herself bursting into the stall, shoving clothes out of the way, sitting down and letting go, and it will be an almost orgasmic experience. She’s rocking back and forth in her chair now, thinking about it, imagining it vividly, knocking her knees together.

Phil is back on the line. “What was the date on the order?"

“Um...” She’s a little out of breath. She cradles the phone on her shoulder and riffles through the papers again, clenching, legs crossed, wriggling in her chair. “May 23.” She bounces up and down now, making the chair squeak. “This will be pretty quick, right?” she says. “I just need the transaction number.” Her bladder aches. Her whole abdomen is in pain. She has to gooooo!

“Yeah, it shouldn’t be...uh...”

Shit shit shit, will he just hurry the fuck up? Under her desk, she puts a hand on her crotch and begins scissoring her legs like a little girl. Her eyes light upon the grande-sized Starbucks cup that she finished—when? Jesus, two hours ago, at least. Could she...? She’s the last person in the office. Who would ever know? The mischief of it adds some heat to her arousal. How would she manage it? Hold the cup, or put it...where? On the corner of the desk? Stand with her thighs straddling the corner, her crotch hovering over... No, too high. She’d have to be up on tiptoe. Set it on the floor, then. Take her panties completely off and kneel, hovering over it. Aim carefully, and place the cup on the vinyl mat just in case.

She’s really considering it. Mischievous fun, but also serious need. If this call goes on more than another couple of minutes, she might have no choice. She stands and looks all around, craning her neck to see, just in case there’s somebody at another cubby after all. Covering the mouthpiece of the phone, she calls out, “Hello? Is anybody here?” No one. She’s alone.

But then she glances out the windows. It’s getting dark, and across the street she can see into other offices that are still lit up. People at their desks, on computers, talking on the phone or chatting with one another over the cubby partitions. She can see them perfectly. Which means they can see her, just as well. Damn it!

“OK, I think I see what happened.” (Phil again.)

She’s marching in place now. She can’t pee in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows without putting on a show, but she can’t help dancing, no matter how obvious. God, why is this taking so long? She sits down again, kicking off one shoe to sit with her foot pulled up under her, grinding against her heel.

“Hmm. That’s unusual.”

She doesn’t like the sound of that. “What?” she asks. With her free hand, she reaches up under her skirt to grip her crotch.

“You said you had two transaction numbers for the same order?”

“Yes, that’s right.” She squirms in her seat, hand under her skirt. Gripping. Pressing. Holding back. But also rubbing a little, because her predicament is really turning her on. She turns her chair so her back is to the windows, rubbing a little more deliberately.

“OK,” says Phil. “Read me those numbers?”

Oh, God. Her crotch is wet, and not with pee. Not yet, at least. But she needs her hand again. She crosses her legs again and rifles through the papers on her desk, biting her lip. There they are. She reads him both numbers.

“Hmm. Weird.”

Those aren’t words you ever like to hear from someone doing tech support. “Is this going to take a while?” she asks. “Should I call you back?” Hang up, a little voice inside her says. She balls her hand into a fist and jams it between her thighs, squeezing her legs together. Hang up and go to the bathroom. (Grinding her clit a little.) Call him back. It’s the only sensible thing.

“No, hang on,” says Phil. “Let me figure this out while I’ve got you on the line.”

She exhales through gritted teeth. It’s only about fifty feet to the bathroom. As soon as this call is over, she is going to run like Hell. She’s wearing flats today, not heels, and no pantyhose, just panties, so that will make it easier. She can see the toilet vividly in her mind’s eye. She’ll pull up her skirt, haul down her panties, throw herself onto the seat and piss like a dam giving way.

It’s exasperating, being trapped here, but the feelings in her body are about equal parts discomfort and pleasure. Keeping her back to the windows, she reaches up under her skirt to lay a finger between her labia, feeling the slick wetness there. She’s not sure what she wants to do more— cum or go.

Yeah she is—she wants to go. The sexy feeling is nice, but her bladder is literally to the point of pain. She grips herself hard again. Phil’s computer keys go clickity-click. She rolls her chair a few feet, stretching her phone cord to look down the length of the suite to where the bathrooms are, judging how long it will take to get there. They’re kept locked, of course, so that will take her an extra few seconds—fitting her key into the lock, turning it, and then... Wait a minute.

No.

Is this her spare set of keys? Did she perhaps leave her regular set...? But she had spares, of course. A whole spare set—with her house key, and her car key, and the key to the front door of the office... But not the restroom key. Not a problem earlier in the day, when anyone could let her in or she could just borrow the key from the secretary, but now...

Fuck!

OK. Say she’s run to the ladies’ room door. Say she can’t get in. She hasn’t wet herself yet. Maybe she can make it to... where? Where else could she go? Her mind starts racing, looking for options. Maybe... What about the kitchenette? Pull down her panties and sit up on the sink. Naughty. Wicked. Her powerful stream of piss roaring against the stainless steel, echoing loud enough to be heard all the way to the far end of the office suite, but it won’t matter. She’s the last person in the office, there’s no one to hear. Probably no one. Unless the janitor...?

She glances at the clock. What time does the night janitor get here? Christ! He could walk in any time! And there’s no door on the kitchenette, it’s wide open to the lounge. And then, what if it’s got dishes sitting in it waiting to be rinsed? And the windows! The kitchenette is set back towards the interior of the building, but the lounge in front of it is very open, leaving an unobstructed view across to the windows and right out into the offices across the street. Fuck!

Standing in the kitchenette, taking all that in... Will she simply lose it? She crosses her legs and doubles over, racked with another wave of urgency. Is she going to piss down her legs, make a huge puddle on the kitchen floor? No. No, she’ll be able to hold it just a little longer. But not much. She’ll piss outside. She’ll have to.

The car park.

Run!

Shoving open the exit door, and before it even clicks closed behind her, frantically hitting the elevator call buttons, slapping them indiscriminately with the palms of her hands. Legs crossed where she stands, then hobbling back and forth and moaning with the pain and frustration of having to hold it in even longer. Comeoncomeoncomeon! Staring at the little down arrow light, willing it to light up, waiting for the ping! And then the agonizingly slow trundle of the doors sliding open. COME ON!!! Marching up the hall and down, holding on, dancing and hopping and grinding and writhing, until finally giving up on the elevator and turning instead to the stairwell.

Slamming open the door and rushing clunk clunk clunk down the stairs, her steps echoing and her bladder aching with every jolt. If she pissed in the stairwell, at least nobody would know it was her. No! The car park is only two flights down.

One and a half flights.

One flight.

Last few steps oh pleasepleaseplease let me make it! and another door to slam open and then she’ll be outside, on the topmost level of the garage.

Open to the night sky. Brightly lit. Overlooked by office buildings on three sides.

If she’d taken her panties off earlier, she would definitely just let go. Piss right where she was standing. Just let it pour out between her legs. A little might trickle down her inner thigh.

She might wet the hem of her skirt. She wouldn’t care.

God in Heaven, the relief would be better than sex!

But she’s still got her panties on, and sitting in wet panties for the whole drive home... No. No no no! And she can’t really take them off out here in the open, and the door back into the stairwell will have locked behind her, but she could go down a level to where there’s more cover.

She’ll hurry down the concrete ramp to the next level. The garage is still open to the sides, but one level down at least there’ll be a roof over her head, and maybe a few parked cars to crouch behind. There! Just up ahead, there’s her own car, with another one right next to it. She’ll step between them, hike her skirt up enough to push down her panties, and then squat, and then—hidden, alone, where no one will see and no one will mind and the evidence will all have evaporated by tomorrow—she’ll piss onto the cement floor. Piss like a fire hose. Piss like a rushing stream swollen with spring thaw. Piss like fucking Niagara!

Half-running towards her car, trotting as fast as she can without pounding her bladder— but there’s the sound of an engine starting up. Oh Christ, it’s the car next to hers!

It’s just beginning to pull out as she reaches it. Stepping aside to let it by, making eye contact with the man driving. He smiles, nods, gesturing for her to wait while he backs up. Trying to smile back, but the best she can manage is a grimace. Oh my God, I’m going to piss down my legs while he’s looking right at me, his headlights shining right into my crotch.

Hobbling over to her car to unlock the door. There went half her cover, of course, but she can still leave the car door open and sit sideways, with her feet planted on the pavement. Panties off first. Hold it a few more seconds to slide her panties down to her ankles and kick them loose, then swing her feet out again, spread her legs, and who the fuck cares if anybody in the building across the street can tell what she’s doing?

Into the car now, sliding into the driver’s seat and closing the door, hiking her skirt up around her waist, slithering out of her panties so her bare bottom is against the upholstery. Cold vinyl, sticking to her skin. So aroused she’s making the seat wet, but not with pee. Not yet. Opening her door again...

Why isn’t that car moving? The car that just pulled out has driven to the end of the garage and stopped, just idling. Maybe the driver is adjusting his radio. Maybe he’s adjusting the vent fan or the AC. Maybe he’s programmin his fucking GPS, but whatever he’s doing, he isn’t going away, and in his rear-view mirror he’s got a direct view into her open door. If she turns sideways and spreads her legs like she was going to, that view will be straight up her vagina.

That Starbucks grande...the empty cup... still upstairs on her desk. Oh, fuck! Why didn’t she think to bring it with her when she left? She could have scooted to the edge of her seat and held it right under her vag and let go, pissing full blast right here in the car, and no one would know. She could have tipped it out afterwards and driven away, maybe leaving a wet tire mark as she drove through the puddle, but no one would have cared. If only she’d brought it with her.

Watching the other car, crossing her legs. Count to ten. Rock back and forth in her seat. Count to thirty. Grip her naked crotch hard with her hand. Count to ninety. Then hiss through clenched teeth and start up her own car.

She’ll have to drive around him to get to the ramp down to ground level. She’ll smooth her skirt out over her lap as she gets to the payment booth, but the bored attendant will barely look up at her. And then out on the street, flowing with traffic out of the downtown and towards the highway connector.

Damn damn damn! It’s a twenty minute drive home! Her bladder is in pain, she has to go so bad! Could she stop somewhere on the way home? Maybe the corner sandwich shop? Peering in the windows as she drives past: dark, closed. Maybe someplace downtown? Her office building is a few blocks off the beaten path. The late night restaurants are back the other way, across the main boulevard and then on the far side of the square. And then there’s parking, of course, and then they all say the restrooms are for customers only. She’d have to brazen her way in, march right past the hostess, waving her off, and then make her way past all the tables to the ladies’ room at the back, teeth clenched the whole way.

Sitting at a stop light, the restaurant district is to the left onto a one-way street, an then left again to double back. The entrance ramp to the freeway connector is straight ahead.

Oh, what the Hell. When the light turns green, she’ll gun it up onto the ramp. At least there won’t be much traffic heading out of the city at this hour. She’ll speed, but not too much. If she got pulled over, she’d definitely end up wetting herself.

Could she pull over somewhere along the highway? Walk around to the far side of the car and squat next to the guard rail? Or raise the hood and stand as if looking at the engine, letting go of a waterfall between her legs? Inconceivable, under normal circumstances, but when was the last time she ever had to go this bad?

No. She’s reached an equilibrium of sorts. Her bladder hurts, it’s so full, but it’s just a steady ache. She’s holding still, just tightly clenched. Ow. But she can last a few more minutes. And she’s also riding the swell of an orgasm, like a wave undulating through deep water that will rise and crest and break like a tsunami when it nears the shore. She grinds her thighs together.

The exit ramp at last, and then into the maze of residential streets, and finally her own neighborhood. Even with a resident parking sticker, finding a spot often means driving around the block. There’s her house (thank God!) but come on, come on, where’s an open space? She’ll be a block and a half away before she can finally park. Wriggling in her seat again, backing into the space and then forward to bring it parallel. Pulse elevated, breaths deep and urgent. Engine off. Purse. Keys. Step out of the car, lock, slam.

And let go right there? Oh God, heavenly! And with panties off, it’s not impossible. But there goes a car, and then another, driving past while she’s standing there wondering if she has the courage to pee in the street in her own neighborhood.

No. Home. If she doesn’t make it, losing it on the sidewalk won’t be any worse than pissing in the middle of the road.

Walking with mincing steps. Breath puffing. Wonderful deep dark shadows behind those bushes there, but its someone else’s yard. And here, a driveway that leads to a fenced back yard, secluded, the house dark and empty...but not hers.

One foot in front of the other. Ow. Almost home. Oh shit. Ow. One foot in front of the other. Her bladder winks open for just a split second. She feels a trickle of hot pee down one inner thigh. She pauses to twist her legs, one around the other, staunching the flow and moaning through clenched teeth. Then she’ll hurry forward again, almost trotting, until she reaches her own front gate.

Hurry hurry hurry up the front path and then up the front path and then she’ll be at her own door, fumbling with her key. Breathing hard. Her face flushed with arousal. Dancing in place. Clumsy. Don’t drop it. turn it—click—and then it’s open.

And now a decision. Will she run inside and try to make it to the bathroom, shedding purse and keys and coat on the floor in the hall, and hope she actually makes it onto the toilet, or at least onto the tile floor in the bathroom before her bladder lets loose with a torrential flow of pee? Or piss right here, stepping back off of the stoop and onto the grass, and just letting it go, an Amazon River down her inner thighs, maybe kicking off her shoes to stand barefoot in the grass while a lake spreads around her, soaking into the Earth, and (in full view of neighbors’ houses) hoping that none of them can tell what she’s doing?

Standing there, caught between two options, both delicious, both dangerous, she grinds one thigh against the other...

...and cums. Breath coming now in great gasps, crying out involuntarily, trying to be quiet, every muscle shuddering as her whole body is racked with orgasm, wave after wave of it. Having to reach out to brace herself against the desk, afraid she’ll fall over if she doesn’t. Squirming more now for the sake of her clit that her bladder. Oh oh oh oh oh God, oh God, oh God!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!

“I’m sorry, what was that?” (Phil again.)

“Whahh?” (Still shuddering from the orgasm.) “What? What did you say?” (Panting.)

“I said I found the number you needed. It’s the one ending in eight-one-six. It just didn’t look like it went through the first time, so he entered it twice. I made a note in the record. It’s fine now.”

“Oh.” Breathless, leaning on the desk, knees quivering. “OK. Thanks.”

“No problem. Can I get you to answer a few quick questions for a customer satisfaction survey?”

“Um...” Still gasping for breath.

“It’ll just take about two minutes.”

“No. I’m sorry. I have to... I just... I’ve really gotta pee.”
