The Origins of Infinite Capacity-14

Author: Splashfics

14. Lovefool

That night, Jade stayed over at Chandra's house and Chandra had never seen her so giddy. From the moment they stepped in the door and Carmela had melted over their 'adorably cheesy' footwear, to when they set up a mattress on Chandra's bedroom floor, Jade had not stopped bouncing about as if she still needed to pee. In her defence, she did in fact need to pee a fair few times, as her bladder was apparently 'out of order' after putting it through hell earlier. But she didn't let it get her down; she was too starstruck to care.

‘You flooded the whole street... Ugh I can't get over it, Chandra! It's just so... You're just so...’

Lying in the dark with no desire to fall asleep, Jade thrashed about in her sheets, excitedly reliving her vivid recollection of the evening's events.

‘You could probably fill up a bath tub, right? Or how about a swimming pool? Oh I wish I could pee like that... It has to be the best feeling in the world..!'

Chandra basked in the attention, but thought she should try to deflect a bit back in the opposite direction.

‘Well it’s not like you have a tiny bladder, Jade. Your pee was massive! I bet you could even give Cordelia a run for her money...’

Chandra realised she'd never mentioned Cordelia in Jade’s company before. It was the first time she'd even said her name in months and she suddenly felt queasy.

‘...Cordelia?’ asked Jade, puzzled.

‘Oh... Err... Sorry, that was a bit random. She's... The reason I got expelled!'

Chandra was flustered and not making much sense. Jade made a sound to that effect, so Chandra went on to clarify.

‘Well, basically I hate her guts... But you see, the thing is, she has a really big bladder and I reckon she's quite proud of it, so I just thought if you 'out-peed' her too, she'd flip out and have another meltdown.’

At last Jade understood.

‘Ahhh, I see! Sounds like fun to me!’ she laughed.

‘Yeah, when I discovered my 'gift' I had lots of fun rubbing it in her face, but you can't underestimate Cordelia. She has a way of making you feel so small and she does it so well...’

Jade could feel Chandra's indignation radiating through her words and kept silent while she continued to open up her heart. Finally feeling able to do so, she filled Jade in on the details of Cordelia's bullying and the final misdeed that sealed her fate. In the end she told her everything, about Sara, their friendship and how she hadn't even come to say goodbye before she left... Jade was stunned.

‘That's horrible, Chandra... I... I would have come, you know that, don’t you?’

Chandra smiled in the dark

‘Thanks, Jade... Yeah, I know. To be fair though, her brother did show up. That was... a surprise.’ ‘Did he?’

Jade sat up suddenly.

‘Were you friends with him as well?’

‘Err... Not really... I knew him from school and we chatted a couple of times, but...’

‘Does he like you?’

Chandra laughed and tried to brush off Jade's question.

‘Me? Ha ha. Probably not, I don't know... I doubt it.’

‘Do... Do you like him?’ Jade then asked.

Chandra felt the heat rush to her face.

‘No! Of course not. He's a bit weird, and... I don't know... Sort of quiet and... I mean, I guess he is polite. And... he was quite nice to me when the others were being rotten... He was the only one who was nice to me actually...’

Chandra paused, thinking of their last encounter at the kitchen table.

‘Damn, I was really mean to him...’

‘What do you mean?’

‘Well, he gave me his email address and asked if we could keep in touch, but I practically kicked him out... Really set that bridge on fire...’

‘Oh... I see... Are you sad?’

Chandra thought about it for a moment.

‘Hmm... Nah, you know, I think he fancied Cordelia, anyway...’

Jade giggled quietly.

‘That's okay then. And we still have our bridge so don't worry!’

She rested her head back on her pillow and the conversation lulled into an easy silence.

Chandra turned towards the window. She tried to cast away the thoughts of her old friends and allow herself to unwind. Outside, the full moon had made its way high up into the night sky. Any rain clouds were long gone now and an intimate light poured in through the curtains. Chandra gazed for a long while and her mind drifted spontaneously over pleasure moments of the recent past. She couldn't have felt more secure in her sheets and like clockwork, a delicate tension began to ripple over her body... As her thoughts wandered ever further south, it was soon all she could do to stop her restless hands from wandering too...

At the crack of dawn the next morning when Chandra woke to find her disobedient fingers where they shouldn't have been, she thought she’d surely die of embarrassment. But only until she noticed, after rolling over, that hers weren't the only ones.

She decided, kindly, to pretend she hadn't seen anything and let Jade believe that it was the alarm that woke them both up half an hour later.
