Britney Spears: Amazing Revalations

Author: Paul Tester (2002-02-07 at 02:23) #45793

Britney Spears, the Truth About her Wetting.

All the stories and evidence of her wetting herself presented would make you believe that Britney has a weak bladder. This is not true, she is a healthy young girl with a normal, stretchy bladder; her problem is her increasing addiction to various high volume drinks like Bacardi Breezers. To help her ‘relax’ before a performance she is drinking six or eight bottles of these, in addition to the fruit juice her personal trainer prescribes for her. The result, not surprisingly, is that during her time on stage Britney is increasingly desperate to pee. After a traumatic occasion when she fled from the stage without an encore but still had soaking trousers when she reached her dressing room, she instigated the half-way costume change, which also allowed her a much needed pee, in a bucket if she can’t get to a proper toilet.

Her manager, desperate to curtail her drinking, resorted to a crude aversion therapy, sometimes adding a diuretic to her drinks, which takes her to the very limit of her endurance on stage. To make this more effective, he also makes her wear low waist jeans so the belt cuts right into her bulging, bursting, bladder. Once, her bladder full to bursting point, she had to sing one number with legs crossed before staggering to an early costume change.

Instead of stopping her drinking, the worry of these occasional bladder attacks has made Britney more nervous and drink even more, resulting in more on stage desperation. She is trying to arrange two costume changes in a show, but in the meantime she is sometimes going to the absolute limit of her body’s capacity, her swollen bladder almost exploding. Luckily she can pee like a water-fall, blasting out nearly three pints in less than half a minute, so she isn’t off stage for long. The downside of being able to pee like this is that even a milliseconds loss of control releases enough pee to make a noticeable wet patch.

Next time you see a picture of Britney having wet herself, feel sorry for her. She is in agony, her bladder is on the point of exploding, holding more pee that you would think possible, and she has been trying with every ounce of her strength to hold it.

What can she do to stop this?

Her costumes are too tight to allow her to wear incontinence pads, her attempts at blocking her pee-hole haven’t worked so far, and there simply isn’t room in her body to hold any more pee. So far neither costume designers or lighting experts have been able to reliably hide her wet patches. It seems her only chance is to change her image and appear in short skirts and bare legs, or shiny tights, Tina Turner style, so the pee trickling down her legs will not notice. (But I bet that Napoleon will see it!)

