Danielle-4. Throw-away Panties

Author: Danielle, Netherlands (1996'08)

At the age of 17 or so I became more and more afraid that my mother would find out about my peeing games. Not that she would see me at the moment I was peeing my pants; that was almost impossible. I only did that when I was home alone, or at a place I was absolutely sure that nobody could see me. What really worried me was that she someday would find my wet, or maybe already dry but smelly panties. I kept them at a secret place of course but I got more and more nervous 'bout the idea that my mother would sooner or later find out about my wetting games.

So I decided it would be better to throw my panties away, right after I peed in them. So I bought three very cheap cotton knickers. Not because I needed three of them at the same moment, but because it looks a bit silly to buy just one. I waited for the day I was home alone for a few hours. And then I played my favourite game as usual: standing cross-legged in the bath-tub and letting it go through my panties. Feeling the hot stream flowing against my legs. And directly afterwards I threw the panties in the dustbin, covered by some rubbisch. I did that for a lot of years, and nobody ever found out about it.

Throwing them away had another advantage. It wasn't necessary anymore to do my pee games in our house. I could do it on the street as well. Of course only when I was wearing a skirt. The first time I did that was when I had done some shopping and was walking home. I felt that I had a pretty full bladder. That wasn't by accident. I didn't went to the bathroom for several hours because I knew that I would be home alone that afternoon, so I planned one of my peeing games. I didn't mean to pee right there on the street. But my bladder was almost exploding. It must have been the cold weather. I felt the first spurt going in my panties. Shit, what to do. I hurried walking between two houses, looking left and right. Nobody in the neighbourhood. I spreaded my legs and at the same time a jet of urine streamed between my legs to the ground. This time I couldn't cross my legs because my shoes would have got soaked.

While I was peeing, I constantly looked around me, afraid that someone was suddenly appearing. But nobody showed up. After the last drips left my panties, a walked on a few yards and then removed my wet panties. I was glad I was wearing a skirt instead of a pair of jeans. I threw my panties against the wall of the house and hurried home, with my naked bum under my skirt. I had the strange feeling that everyone could see that I wasn't wearing any underwear. From that moment on I always have a dry pantie in my handbag. The unexpected peeing game had given me a great kick. Not just the feeling of peeing through my panties, but also because I did it outside. And not while it was raining, and not while wearing a swimsuit; just on a cold but dry day in my normal panties. Not even my throw-away panties. I wasn't wearing them at that moment.

A few hours after that accident I was walking with our dog along that place and couldn't resist the feeling of walking between those houses again. The puddle was gone, but my panties were gone too! I still wonder who removed them. Maybe it were children, but in my fantasy it was a man walking by and first saw the puddle and then the peed in panties of a grown-up woman. What would be in his mind at that moment and what did he do with my panties? Secretly hiding them?

Sometimes I still play this little outside game. But as you know, I don't really like to pee my pants on 'the Tinker way' because I love the feeling of pee streaming through my panties and along my legs. With spreaded legs you just don't feel to much. At least, that's my experience. But I love the kick of peeing my panties while beeing outside. But to tell you the truth: I only do that when I'm very very horny.

Well that's all folks. Nothing more to say about my own experiences. I still pee my panties (and jeans) while standing cross-legged in the bath-tub. I sometimes pee my pants while walking (or cycling) through the rain. I pee in my swimsuit; most of the time sitting on the toilet and not removing the bikini panties and sometimes I even pee in the pool or the sea. And now and then I do it on the 'Tinker Way.' I'm afraid it will be very boring telling you all these 'accidents' because they're all the same. Not so much difference between them. 

Therefore I think it's better to tell you about a sighting I had on my holiday in the States. I was there with my parents. Most of the time we were in and around Orlando and because I'm a total Disney freak, I spend a lot of my days in Magic Kingdom, MGM and Epcot. And it was in Epcot where I saw this funny thing. It was very hot (about 96 degrees F) and we were sitting between the discovery showcase and the trip around the world. There are some benches around a fountain.

I'm sure that everyone who was in Epcot knows what place I mean. It's not a normal fountain. A lot of little holes in the ground and in the middle a big one. Sometimes there's no water comming out of the holes, then there's suddenly water from a few holes. Only for a few moments, then the water is suddenly coming from another hole, and at least there's a big jet of water coming from the big hole in the middle. And when it's hot, it's a nice playground for children. They were playing in the water, most of them with their clothes still on. Not a problem when it's so hot. 

I saw a group of Brazilian girls coming to our direction. By the way, there are a lot of Brazilian groups in the Disney parcs. And most of them are girls between 16 en 20. I don't know why.

Anyway, I saw another of these groups walking to the fountain and the first thing the tourguides were saying was: NOT IN THE FOUNTAIN! I guess they were all afraid that the girls and boys would enter the busses afterwards with soaked clothes. So they were standing along the fountain, looking at the children like we did. Suddenly I saw that one of the girls had both hands between her legs, pressed against the crotch of her jeansshort. She wobbled with her legs and it was clear that she had to pee pretty bad. And then, all of a sudden I saw her removing her hands and looking between her legs.

At the same moment a dark stain appeared in the crotch of her shorts. I suppose she was as surprised as I was that she suddenly peed her pants. At least, her face looked like she didn't expect this accident. Almost immediatly she jumped between the jets of water. In no time she was soaked with water, screaming that somebody pushed her. The tourguides were furious. But the girl had found a good way to hide her peed-in shorts. I'm almost sure that I'm the only one who noticed it.

Next time I don't write about myself, but about some nice sightings I had the last years. So, greetings to you all. 
