Wetting Myself Last Night

Author: Emma (1999-10-17 at 11:45) #44500

Hi,

I am 22 years old, and often get desperate to wee, especially after a night out drinking.

Last night was the worst ever…

I had been out with my friends and got pretty drunk; by the end of the night my friends had all gone home, except for Karen, and she had met up with her boyfriend, who I don't really get on with, and felt like a gooseberry.

As a result, when Karen suggested I should go to a party with them when the nightclub closed, I said that I was tired, and that I would get a taxi home. I insisted on doing that, because even though they offered, it would have taken them well out of their way.

So, I ended up joining a huge line of people waiting for taxis, with the taxis arriving, at best, every ten minutes ! (it's not usually quite that bad, but it has bad weeks.)

I must have waited an hour, by which time the club was closed, and in any case, I wouldn't have left my space in line because it would have meant going right to the back of the line again. (If there's a few of us in the line, we sometimes go in search of a bush to wee behind, while at least one person keeps the place in line.)

So I stood, and I became increasingly desperate for the toilet. I crossed my legs, I danced from foot to foot, I put my hand between my legs in a way that girls will know well…(you put your hands together, then put them between your legs, so that the top of your hands touches your pussy, but it looks like you're trying to warm up your hands rather than stop an accident !).

I sat down on the kerb a few times, especially as the wee started dribbling down my legs (I didn't want it running out of the bottom of my trousers and forming a puddle on the path).

I managed to let a little out at a time… I knew I couldn't hold it in, but I couldn't leave the line, so I made the best of the situation.

By the time I got into a taxi, my knickers were soaked, along with my trousers (black ones, so no visible marks) and it was getting cold, so it felt rather uncomfortable.

When I got home, I went into my bedroom, took off my trousers and peeled down my soaking knickers…white lacy cotton, stained yellow in the crotch and back (where I had been sitting), and made sure I washed them in the morning before my mum had a chance to see what I'd done !

