My Sister Pushes Herself

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-22)

My sister loves to hold her pee in for a long time, and often keeps it in all day or more. She loves to fill herself up until she reaches her bursting point, which takes ages with her giant bladder. One time she hadn’t peed since midnight the night before. She woke up and drank 3 mugs of coffee and a tall glass of orange juice with her breakfast.

Then she went to her work, and drank 2 bottles of Aquafina there, along with a 32 oz pepsi with her lunch. She got home around 4:30 pm and had a glass of water immediately, before even saying hello to me. We talked for a bit, and I noticed a bulge in her abdomen. I asked her if that was her bladder, and she rubbed it lovingly and replied that it was. She did not look like she had to go in the slightest and when I asked her about it, she said that while she felt rather full, she didn’t have to pee badly at all and didn’t plan on going soon. When she told me how much she had had to drink over the last 16 and a half hours, I nearly went into shock.

We hung around the house for the rest of the day, cleaning and such, and my sister drank down two 16 oz cans of Sierra Mist during that time. Around 7:30 pm, I noticed that she seemed to be a tad fidgety, and her bladder bulge was definitely bigger, but she didn’t mention it, so neither did I. She suggested we go to a movie, so we drove down to the theater. There weren’t any good, long, epic movies, like Lord of the Rings, to see, so we decided on an hour and a half long comedy. For the movie she got a HUGE 64 oz Pepsi and a 32 oz of Mountain Dew. She chugged them down during the movie, and I saw her fidgeting becoming a little more pronounced.

The movie finished, and by this time my sister had her legs crossed and it was kind of obvious that she needed to relieve herself. When the lights came on I also saw that she had unbuttoned the top button of her tight jeans to give her bladder more room. Her bladder was bulging like a melon now, and was very swollen. We got up and left the theater, and my sister made no move for the Ladies’ Restroom, seemingly content with containing the mass of liquid inside her for a while longer. I drove us home, and when we got back to our house it was 10 pm. By the time we got home I needed to pee as well, so I rushed into the bathroom and let go a 15 second stream into the toilet.

When I exited the bathroom, I was surprised to see that she was not waiting for me to finish so that she could pee as well. I was even more surprised when I saw her sitting on the couch watching TV, with a large mug of tea in her hands. She was fidgeting again, and her legs were shaking ever so slightly, but she just sat and drank her tea. I came and sat down next to her, and we watched TV for a while. She finished her tea and STILL made no move to use the toilet. She just laid on the couch next to me, her legs shaking a little more now, but still not much, but they were crossed, and every few minutes she would switch her position. She wasn’t desperate, but she was certainly quite uncomfortable. I kept waiting for her to give in to her bladder’s demands and go pee, but she continued to resist.

Finally, around midnight, she got up, and I was sure that, at long last, she was going to have a much-needed pee. She had, after all, lasted a full 24 hours, so you can imagine my astonishment when, a minute later, she returned, still unrelieved, and with yet another tall glass of water! She was walking a bit awkwardly, and when she sat back down at her place on the sofa, she sat down a little gingerly. Still she made no comment about the condition of her bladder. Rather, she said that she was going to sleep out on the couch tonight and pulled a blanket out from behind the sofa. I stayed with her for a bit longer, leaving after she had finished her glass of water. “Wow, sis.” I said just before I left, and she gave me a knowing smile. “Night, bro.” she said. “Night, sis.” I replied. As soon as I got into my room, I set my alarm clock for 5:30 am. If she was going to get up early to pee, I didn’t want to miss it.

My alarm woke me up at 5:30 am, and I threw on some clothes and hurried out to see if my sister was still asleep. When I got into the living room, I found her still sleeping, and though her legs were knotted, she seemed to be sleeping peacefully. I busied myself with making a nice hot breakfast for us when she woke up. It was Saturday, so she didn’t have to go to work today. She awoke promptly at 7 am, pressed her hands into her crotch for a moment, and got up. She walked quickly into the bathroom, and I felt a bit disappointed that this massive hold was going to end so anti-climatically. I listened for her morning pee to begin, but instead heard only a toothbrush and a comb at work. She emerged from the bathroom 10 minutes later, and walked, somewhat more gingerly than normal, into the kitchen, where I had just finished making breakfast.

I gave her a mug of coffee and another tall glass of orange juice with her meal, and we made small-talk while we ate. Her legs were crossed and bounced up and down as we ate, and it was brutally obvious that she was not fully concentrating on the conversation at hand, but rather on holding back the river inside her bladder. However, that did not prevent my sister from downing all of the drinks I had given her. “So, what do you want to do today?” I asked her once we had finished. “Well……oh, the Cleveland Indians have a day game around 11. Shall we go to that?” my sister suggested. I couldn’t believe it. With my sister’s bladder as full as it was, she wanted to go to a public place for the day. I asked when we should leave, and she said soon, she just wanted to change clothes first.

She went up to her room, taking the steps as quickly as she could, and returned 15 minutes later in a tank top and a mini-skirt. Then we took the car to the city of Cleveland, which was a 2-hour drive. She fidgeted a decent amount in the car, but still did not complain about her bladder, and we arrived in Cleveland at 10 am. We bought our tickets and my sister also got a 32 oz Aquafina, because it would be a hot day, she said. Then we started looking for our seats.

By this time my sister was having serious problems walking normally, and keeping still when we stopped, but she did not inquire as to the location of the Ladies’ facilities, and sat down with me when we found the seats. She immediately began to drink her Aquafina, and her feet were now tapping hurriedly against the ground. Her legs were also shaking and fidgeting more. In between gulps of water, her breath was coming out in whistling gasps. I could tell she was getting desperate for a toilet. Her piss-strained bladder was beginning to rebel against her.

Still, though, she remained seated and in control. Her water was done by the first pitch at 11:01. When a vendor came around at 12 pm, and she got a hot dog and another drink, this time a 32 oz of lemonade. By the time she had finished that, around 1 pm, I was seriously doubting her ability to hold on much longer. She was squeezing her legs together at rapidly decreasing intervals, her feet were tapping much faster and with some urgency, and she was gasping and moaning softly every so often.

The game ended at 2 pm, and by then my sister was rocking back and forth in her seat, and her hands were gripping the armrests very tightly. I decided to bite the bullet and asked her if she wanted to have a pee before we left. She looked at me quickly and said that she was fine, she would wait. Well, I knew the first part of that statement was an outright lie, but she didn’t make another comment about her need to pee as we left. By this time her bladder was bulging exceptionally, as big, if not bigger, than I had ever seen it. My sister was having major problems walking, but we made it back to the car.

As soon as we started driving, she began squirming again. “Shall we go home now?” I asked her. “No….I wanna go to…..to the…uuhh….to the grocery store first.” She replied, trying to maintain full control over her too-full bladder. Well, she had held all her pee inside of her bladder for this long, so I figured she could last. So we went to the store, where my sister, fidgeting like crazy when standing and walking, purchased a 24-pack of 16 oz Aquafina water bottles.

Then I drove us home, and we arrived around 4:30 pm. By this time my sister was becoming frantic. We got in the door and she immediately raced to the couch and laid down on it, crossing her legs tightly and moaning. Then she asked me to bring the 24-pack of Aquafina over to her, which I did. She took one out with a shaking hand, removed the cap, chugged the whole 16 oz down, and took out another one. I asked her what she was doing, and she said she wanted to finish as many water bottles as she could before peeing. Her goal was to get through the whole pack of 24.

“That’s crazy!” I told her, “It would be nearly impossible to do that with an empty bladder, and you’re attempting it when your bladder is completely filled and you’ve been holding for over 40 hours! There’s no way you can do it!” She told me to just wait and see. I decided to put in a movie while we waited for her bladder muscles to totally give out under the immense pressure, and we watched Titanic.

After an hour of the movie, my sister had drunk 5 water bottles, but she was pressing one hand into her crotch at all times to stem the tide of pee within her. Her enormous bladder was reaching its limit. Another half hour in, at 6 pm, she had finished 7 bottles total, but by now she could no longer drink, because both of her hands were holding her vagina as tightly as they could. She was puffing air, and her face was red. She was sitting up, rocking back and forth, doing whatever she could, but it seemed that she would have to give up soon. Then she got up and started bouncing up and down wildly, both hands jammed in her crotch.

“Gimme another bottle!” she screamed at me. I got one and unscrewed the cap, and began to pour the water into her mouth at her request. She drank about a fourth of the bottle before pulling away, in total desperation now. She squirmed frantically for a minute, then, with great effort, stopped. Quickly, she reached with one hand, keeping the other right on top of her vagina, and took the bottle of water she had started. In one motion she chugged the whole thing down. She stood stock still for a few more seconds, before her endurance reached its end and she started hopping around again, beyond frantic at this point.

She looked at the clock, saw that it said 6:15 pm, moaned loudly, then took off with a fury for the bathroom. I followed as fast as I could. When I reached the bathroom, she was lifting up the seat of the toilet. She pulled down her skirt and thong panties as fast as she could, then sat down on the toilet. I braced myself for the hiss of her pent-up urine, but there was only silence. Then I realized my sister was still squirming and moaning, both hands STILL jammed in her crotch.

I realized she was going to try and hang on until the very last second. “More water!” she yelled. Her bladder was sooo close to letting go now. No matter how gigantic it was, even her bladder had a limit, and she had reached it. I poured another bottle of water down her throat, and amazingly she took it all in one try. I gave her another one, and she took half of it, knotted her legs together with amazing force, and then drank down the rest of it. That made it 10 bottles of water, and now the clock read 6:30 pm. Then her desperation reached its final levels. She knotted her legs even tighter, in an effort to hold back the ocean that was trying to force its way out of her hurting, aching, tired, bulging bladder.

“Shit! Shit! Fuck! Shit! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuckfuckfuckfuck! Fuuuuck! Fuuuuuuuuuck!” Finally, after 42.5 hours and 17.5 liters of liquid, her gargantuan bladder succumbed to mother nature’s calls. A jet of piss hit the toilet bowl like Niagra Falls, and it continued for over 4 minutes. My sister just lay on the toilet, exhausted, out of breath, and unable to stop peeing. When it was over we measured it, and it turned out that she had pissed 3.8 liters.

