A Policewoman Piss

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-09-11)

Collie Winters walked into the Newport County Police Station one July afternoon, ready for her first day at her new job. Months of training had been successfully completed, and Collie was ready to become the newest member of the Newport County Police Department. All she had to do was fill out a few pieces of formal paperwork tonight, and tomorrow her on the job training would begin! She strode up to the front desk to introduce herself, but just then a buxom female cop came out from a back room and began talking to the receptionist behind that very desk. “Another day at the office finally done!” the cop told the receptionist, “And not a moment too soon. I’ve been bursting for the pot for hours now.” The receptionist nodded, “I can tell Bev! Looks like you’re about to spring a leak!” She pointed to the woman officer’s lower abdomen, where a distinct bladder bulge could be seen peeking out over the top of her tight black uniform pants.

Collie Winters couldn’t help but stare as she saw that bulge. A closeted lesbian, as well as a girl with a very big bladder fetish, Collie was both astounded and incredibly turned on by the sight. She dropped all pretense of walking up to the receptionist and simply continued to look on at the cop’s distended bladder. Her obvious staring did not go unnoticed by the other two women. “Hey Bev,” the receptionist said in a low voice, “I think you’ve found an admirer. Poor girl’s been salivating looking at your crotch for the last 30 seconds.” Bev nodded knowingly, replying, “Oh, I don’t think it’s my crotch she’s looking at.” The female cop rubbed her hands over her bladder for a moment, and the receptionist saw Collie twitch with excitement as she did. “Christ, you’re right! She’s in love with your bladder!” The receptionist hissed to Bev.

“A girl after my own heart!” Bev agreed with a laugh, “Now watch her after this.” The woman officer walked calmly to the far side of the room, entered a door clearly marked as a female lavatory, and intentionally forgot to shut it. All of a sudden a loud hissing noise began to come from behind the door, as the cop was no doubt experiencing an amazingly relieving piss. Collie could feel her panties getting wetter and wetter, but it wasn’t from pee. Her face also turned beet red as she noticed the receptionist staring at her, and Collie quickly went up to her and began asking for the proper forms to fill out.

Bev’s torrent continued unabated while Collie received the forms, and she was so weak at the knees that she could barely walk to a chair to sit and begin working on the forms. In fact, Bev’s stream might have continued until after Collie was done with the paperwork, except for the fact that the girl was unable to properly concentrate with the clattering sound of pee jetting into the side of the toilet bowl coming mere feet from her. After what seemed like an age to Collie but was probably a good five minutes, the sound finally trickled to a halt and the cop came out of the lavatory. She bade the receptionist a good night, walked past Collie, almost didn’t acknowledge her, but then turned and said, “I’ll see you tomorrow, rookie,” before leaving out the door. It took Collie Winters a very long time to complete the papers.

The next morning at 7 am sharp, Collie Winters arrived at the station for her first day of training. With a glint in her eye, the receptionist told the girl that she’d be paired up with Beverly Johansson, an experienced female officer whom would surely teach the girl everything she needed to know. Collie gulped in surprise and excitement, wondering if it was indeed the same “Bev” from the previous evening. She needn’t have worried, as just then Bev herself walked into the station and approached her. “Seems they’ve got me showing you the ropes, kid. Don’t worry, you’ll do fine. Here, drink this and meet me by my squad car in 10 minutes. You can’t miss it. It’s the only one parked out back.” Beverly Johansson handed the new recruit a large coffee from a carrier she was holding. Three remained on it, and Beverly next passed one of them out to the receptionist. “See you soon,” the cop said, going into a back room with the remaining two coffees.

Precisely 9 and a half minutes later the women reconvened at Beverly’s squad car. “Get in,” Beverly said, popping open the doors, and Collie sat down in the passenger seat. She noticed that Beverly still had the two coffees, and the officer placed both of them in between the seats and took her place behind the wheel. The confident copper picked up one of the coffees and promptly drained it, chugging for 30 seconds until it was empty, then tossed the container in the back.

“Alright, we’ve got some different areas we need to hit today, so let’s get going.” Beverly said, peeling out of the parking lot. They went to a nearby parking lot and Officer Johansson showed Collie all the different radios and switches present on the inside of the squad car, all the while sipping at the second coffee. By 8 am they had gone over everything, and Beverly’s second coffee container now sat empty and crumpled in the backseat with the first. Naturally this meant it was time to stop at the local donut shop before continuing, and Beverly got three more coffees there, offering Collie one of them. She politely declined, never having been the biggest coffee drinker, and Officer Johansson replied, “Suit yourself,” and began working on her 3rd coffee of the day.

After patrolling the streets for 2 hours, Beverly Johansson had finished all three large coffees, bringing her total for the day to 5. Collie was impressed, and was trying to keep her excitement about the predicament they would surely be causing the older woman’s bladder at bay.

Beverly seemed to be on the same page, and addressed the issue that was on both of their minds, “Ok rookie. Now you’ll notice that I’ve drank a lot so far today. I like to keep myself properly hydrated throughout the course of the day, keep my energy up, the like. But one thing that I do not like to do, and that we certainly will not be doing, is making any pit stops. Catch my drift? Our male comrades may be able to just whip it out and take a twenty second stop at the side of the road, but you’ve gotta be extra tough to be a female cop. Luckily I’m very well-trained in this area, and all those coffees won’t be causing me any problems. But if you can’t hold it as well, you might find yourself doing a lot of leg crossing on this job.”

“Sounds like you’ve got a bladder of steel,” Collie ventured nervously. She awaited the older cop’s response, and Beverly did not disappoint. “You’re right about that, kid. You know, my mother always used to joke that I should have been a banker, cause my bladder is like my own personal vault. It’s just that it holds gold liquid instead of gold bars. But make no mistake about it. Whether it’s working multiple shifts back to back, staying up all night, or being in an hours-long stakeout, my bladder remains shut.”

They continued on for the rest of the day, with Beverly giving Collie a rundown of this and that, but all the while the older officer seemed to have a beverage attached to her. Whether it was the two sodas at their lunch stop or the four bottles of water in the afternoon, Beverly Johansson knew how to put away her drinks. And she was just as well-trained as she claimed to be, as Collie watched the waistband of Beverly’s pants get tighter and tighter throughout the day, her bladder expanding to outrageous proportions to contain all the liquid the cop had consumed.

Finally at 6 at night, the squad car pulled into the police station’s parking lot, signaling the end of their shift. Beverly patted her bulging abdomen, telling the girl, “Now, there’s two things that make it a good day at the office for me. Getting to stretch my legs now that we’re done, and getting to take a good piss. Pees are something that middle school girls are desperate for 3 or 4 times a school day - tinkles if you will. But what I’m about to take is a policewoman piss.”

With that, the two women entered the station, and Beverly made her way to the lavatory, distended abdomen and all, and, after chatting with the receptionist for a few minutes, took another of her 5 minute pisses. The sound of it made Collie desperate to go herself, for she had not had one all day either and was starting to really need it, despite not having nearly as much to drink as the veteran cop, but she resisted the urge and decided to wait until she returned home, so that she could enjoy her full bladder a bit longer.



This became a routine during the next month. Collie continued training under Beverly, learning the tricks of the trade, and all the while the older cop drank liters of fluid, kept from using the bathroom all day while out and on the job, and pissed gushers upon returning to the station. Once, near the end of their shift, Beverly had even chased down a petty thief with a swollen bladder.

Due to the distraction, they ended up back at the station a half hour later than usual that night, and consequently Beverly’s piss took 5 and a half minutes instead of the usual 5. To Collie, every day at work became the epitome of excitement, watching Beverly consume huge quantities of beverages and refuse to stop for the bathroom, even when her protruding melon of a bladder made it quite obvious that she would enjoy a pit stop. But Beverly never appeared desperate to rid herself of her long-held waters, even the day she chased down that thief. And it made Collie sick with curiosity. She had to know the limit of her Beverly Johansson’s bladder!

Finally it became too much for the young trainee to take. Regardless of the consequences, she had to know. And so one Sunday morning at 7 am Collie entered the Newport County Police Station with a pair of large coffees. One was for her, the other for Beverly. One was a regular coffee, but the other contained in it two dissolved diuretic pills. Collie gulped nervously as she saw Beverly come in a few minutes later, already clutching her carrier of four coffees, but there was no turning back for her now. “I got you some coffee, in case you wanted some extra,” Collie offered, gesturing to the diuretic-filled container.

“Hey thanks! I knew you were useful for something,” Beverly joked. She gave one coffee from her carrier to the receptionist before replacing the empty spot with the tainted coffee. As she went into her office to prepare for the day, the female cop picked a coffee and began to drink, and Collie was astounded to note that it was the diuretic-filled one that she chose first! Collie was almost sweating with anticipation for the day to come, and couldn’t believe her plan had come together so easily, and without any sort of a hitch. Could the stubborn lady officer wait until the end of her shift as usual with the powerful diuretics making her kidneys pump ever-more liquid into her expansive bladder, or would she finally crack under the strain and take a pee while out? Collie honestly didn’t know, but she couldn’t wait to find out.

They entered the squad car 15 minutes later to begin their day. Collie sipped delicately at her coffee, while Beverly had already drained two and was beginning a third. As they pulled out of the station, the young trainee made sure to get a lasting glance at Beverly’s midsection, to get a baseline to gauge her bladder’s progress throughout the day. It was slim and firm, but Collie knew that wouldn’t last. Their day continued as normal for a while, with Beverly Johansson gulping down her fourth coffee by 8:30 am and stopping for 2 more at the local donut shop. By 10 am the thirsty officer of the law had finished a total of 6 large coffees, including one laced with bladder-pumping diuretics, and the bulge of her bladder was obvious through her uniform. Still, it did not look much larger than normal, and Beverly was obviously showing no signs of having a problem holding the load. Collie was getting disheartened.

Perhaps the diuretics hadn’t affected Beverly’s bladder at all. But as the hours progressed, it became clear that this was not the case. Beverly Johansson’s bladder began ballooning at a rapid rate as 11 am and noon came and went, and as the two women stopped for lunch at 1 pm, Collie couldn’t help but notice that Beverly’s bladder seemed as large as it was when she would relieve herself at the end of her shift. The experienced cop had shown no signs of the urge while in the squad car, but once out and on break for lunch, she finally commented, “Man, that coffee really went through me today! Feels like I’ve drunk twice as much as normal!” Collie nodded, but inside her mind was whirring as she realized there was a flaw in her plan.

They had stopped at a local fast food joint for lunch, and of course there was nothing stopping Beverly from simply using the bathroom there, letting the diuretic fill her up again, and taking her normal pee after her shift. Collie desperately wanted to see her strong, commanding superior officer stretch herself to her limits, but at present Beverly Johansson had a way out…if she chose to use the fast food restaurant’s bathroom, that is.

True to herself, Beverly ordered a large drink with her meal and began sucking it down. Collie marveled at the fact that she would still do that despite her growing pee need, and they ate their meals in relative silence. When they had finished, Beverly put her empty cup down and patted her stiff, firm abdomen, then asked her trainee, “My word, what was in that coffee you gave me, anyway? Did you spike it with something?” Collie’s face blanched immediately. All her color drained away as she realized she’d been found out. Beverly had known all along about the diuretic, had played her game, and now she was calling Collie out on it. Collie took a deep breath and began readying an apology in her head…and then Beverly continued, “What’s wrong with you? Haha I was only joking. Calm down kiddo. You gotta loosen up a little! I’d loosen up too, but then I might just be sitting on a wet squad car seat before we’re done.”

It took Collie a second to realize what Beverly had said, and another second for her to begin breathing again, but slowly but surely she discovered that she had not been found out, and that she was not about to be thrown out of the force. She smiled nervously and asked Beverly, “Gee, is it really that bad? You don’t need to use the bathroom here, do you?” Collie knew this question was a gamble. On one hand, she was putting the idea of using the restaurant’s bathroom squarely in Beverly’s mind, but on the other, she was saying it in a way that almost issued a challenge – one that she hoped Beverly’s pride wouldn’t allow her to back down from. Beverly waved her hand absentmindedly, replying, “Naw, I’ve been in tough situations before, I’ll be fine. Probably just in my head anyway. I haven’t drank any more than usual.” Collie nodded in response, and soon the two women made their way back to the squad car.

Soon the clock hit 2 pm, and by then Collie thought that Beverly had to be second guessing her decision not to pee in the restaurant. Her bladder was positively swollen now, the lower hem of her uniform top straining to contain it. The well-conditioned officer hadn’t made mention of her need again since they’d returned to patrolling the streets in the car, but Collie thought she was sitting much stiffer than before. Her strong legs were staying close together at all times. Collie knew a flood was building up inside Beverly’s strong bladder, but Beverly Johansson still gave no indication that she was going to let that flood break free any time soon.

They had just turned onto a side street when a voice came over the radio. “Attention all officers! We have a hostage situation at the corner of Smithfield Street and Pleasant Avenue! I repeat, hostage situation at the corner of Smithfield and Pleasant! All officers report immediately!” Instantly Beverly Johansson lept into action. The car squealed to a halt, and Beverly turned it on a dime and floored the accelerator. The siren blared as they sped to the scene. Collie was trying hard not to freak out, but the enormity of the situation was getting to her. Hostages?! All units needing to report?! It sounded very serious, and all thoughts of Beverly’s expanding bladder were forgotten.

In ten minutes they were there. The scene of the crime was the town’s bank. Squad cars were coming in seemingly every second. The road had already been cordoned off, and Collie thought there had to be nearly 20 officers on the scene. Beverly parked her car in line with the others, surrounding the bank’s front (and only) exit. Then she scanned the sea of officers, found who she was searching for, got out of the car, and went to talk to a greying man of about 50. Collie knew from her orientation that the man was their Chief of Police Jeff Ryerson, but she’d never actually spoken to him. Ryerson and Johansson spoke for a minute before Beverly came back to Collie and the car. “Ok kid, here’s your first taste of big league action,” Beverly told her, “There are gunmen in there, three of em.

They’ve got about 30 people holed up in there, and of course they’re threatening to blow them to bits one by one unless we let them out of the bank with 10 million dollars. I’m all for just going in, calling the bluff of those rat bastards, and hauling them out one by one, but Ryerson’s the boss, and he can’t afford to take that chance. So he’s called in the hostage negotiator, which means until things get sorted, we stay put. The building stays surrounded until those cruddy robbers realize what they’re up against.” Trying not to shake with fear, Collie nodded and sat back down in their squad car. She didn’t think she was ready for this sort of thing, but the battle-hardened vet Beverly Johansson seemed as prepared as ever. She sat down next to Collie, pulled a bottle of water from under the seat, and began to drink. “So…what do we do until they decide to give up?” Collie asked her. Beverly just gave her a smirk. “We wait.”

For the first hour of the hostage crisis, Collie Winters was hopped up on adrenaline. For the second hour, she was going out of her mind with boredom. The hostage crisis had certainly sounded exciting, and Collie realized there were lives at stake, but playing the waiting game was driving her crazy. The negotiator had arrived on scene and spoken with the robbers, but so far no progress had been made other than the fact that no one had been shot yet. All in all, Collie was ruing the fact that there was nothing she could do to contribute besides sitting in the musty squad car, twiddling her thumbs until the time came for the baddies to get arrested.

By 5 pm she was nearly climbing the walls, but then Collie noticed something. Beverly Johansson, who had been sitting stoically next to her this entire time, now had her legs crossed. And Collie thought it was her imagination at first, but after prolonged staring she realized that her trainer was actually rubbing her legs together as well! All the thoughts of filling Beverly’s mammoth bladder came flooding back to the teenager, and she began to feel both incredibly guilty and incredibly turned on. Beverly’s outstanding composure had kept Collie from seeing her full bladder agony all this time, but finally she was beginning to give in to her urge and fight it openly.

Collie sat for 15 more minutes in silence, but Beverly could not keep her legs still. Collie had to say something, for the tension that was building inside her at the thought of how full Bev’s bladder was becoming was getting to be too much for the young officer-in-training to take. “You ok?” she managed meekly, directing her gaze at her superior’s thighs, now in constant motion. “Me? Erm…yeah, just trying to stay focused. I feel like I’ve got to piss a bloody quart though. I think it’s because this is when our shift is normally done, so my mind is playing tricks on me, but still, damn, I’ve never had to go this bad on the job before.” If there was one thing Beverly Johansson was not, it was prudish, and Collie thanked her lucky stars that the older woman was admitting and talking about her need so freely.

However, the level of sexual excitement building in Collie also made it difficult for her to focus on responding. It was a full minute before she replied, “A gallon.” Beverly turned towards her, “What?” Collie smiled a little as she repeated, “A gallon. You said you need to piss a quart, but personally I’m sure you’re holding a gallon in there.” The girl had looked in Beverly’s eyes briefly, but 95% of her attention was now being paid to the lady cop’s jutting, bursting abdomen.

Surely the diuretics were working overtime to fill such a cavernous space. Beverly paused for a moment, then began to laugh, softly at first, but then growing in intensity, “Hahahahaha, kid, you are something else. I like the way you think. A gallon indeed!” Beverly continued to belly laugh until abruptly stopping, squeezing her legs tightly together as she did and wincing in pain. After a few seconds, she recovered and said, “Maybe that’s enough with the jokes for now. I don’t know how much laughter I can handle at a time like this.”

And so the waiting game continued. 6 pm stretched into 7, which stretched to 8, and all the while Beverly’s bladder did more stretching than the cop surely thought was possible. Collie was downright amazed by Beverly’s ability to withstand the pain of her aching organ, as well as to have the muscle control to hold her flood inside, even as it grew in volume with each passing minute. The tough woman officer’s composure had slowly been whittling away as the evening wore on.

Crossed legs and shaking thighs at 5 pm had given way to a more curled up, elbows on her knees position by 6:30, which had transitioned to more rapid thigh-shaking. By 8 pm, Beverly was fanning her legs desperately and more often than not holding three fingers to her crotch. She’d also been forced to undo the top button of her uniform pants. The embarrassment she’d felt from this had made her put it off for hours, Beverly had confided to Collie just after popping the button free, but her bulging bladder had reached a stage where it needed the extra room or it would blow. Collie watched in awe, lulled by her sexual haze, as Beverly craned her neck in vain, hoping for some action to put an end to this torturous stakeout.

“You know when I last took a piss, kid?” Beverly’s voice snapped Collie to attention. “What?....” was all the girl was able to manage. Being face to face with a sweaty, iron-bladdered dream woman in closed quarters was taking away her ability to string together sentences. “I asked if you knew when I last took a piss. But of course you don’t know. I just felt like telling you. Maybe the thought of how long it’s been will give me the strength to keep from flooding my patrol car.” Beverly said through gritted teeth, though she managed a smirk at that last comment.

She continued, “It was before I fell asleep. 9 pm. I haven’t taken a piss in nearly a full freaking day! Can you believe that? Hell, I always knew I had some serious capacity, but I’m even impressed by that.” Collie was sure she responded with something semi-witty, because after she had finished speaking Beverly gave a little laugh through her bladder pain, but the younger girl had no idea what words had come to her lips. She was too busy ogling her superior’s sweaty, breathtaking abdominal bulge. Beverly gave a moan of agony from her state of pure bladder fullness, and then they both heard it.

The radio, which had been silent for hours as the negotiator tried to work some magic with the gunmen, crackled to life. “All units, move in! Repeat, all units, move in! Negotiations have failed. We’re going in!” Quick as a flash Beverly Johansson had her gun in hand and was out of her squad car. Collie scrambled to follow suit, and she came around the rear of the squad car so that she was behind the experienced officer. All told, it appeared as though all 20 or thereabouts officers were converging on the bank’s front entrance. Surveillance of the bank had revealed that the gunmen had managed to rig every other entrance with low grade explosives, but evidently they had been too busy with the hostages to rig the most important doors of all.

Officers began pouring through the front doors after blowing off the locks, with Beverly and Collie near the end of the pack. That owed more to Beverly being unable to take large steps than due to any hesitation she had about going into battle. Collie, on the other hand, refused to move from behind her trainer. Not only was she afraid for what lay ahead, but she was also worried that she had sabotaged Beverly by plying her with so many diuretic-laden drinks. How could such a trivial experiment have gone so wrong?!?

The two women made their way through the dimly lit bank corridors. The hostage takers had had the forethought to shoot out all the lights. Every minute or two a few shots would ring out, but the police officers were clearly winning the fight. Collie saw one injured perp get dragged from the scene as the officers overpowered him, then a second. The last criminal was holed up in the second level of the bank, but he apparently had the hostages locked there with him, so getting to him would be a struggle.

Beverly and Collie approached the main staircase, flanking the rest of the officers. Ryerson, the police chief, was speaking in low tones to another officer as they plotted out a strategy to take down the final intruder. Suddenly, shots rang out! The policemen scattered. Collie dove for cover, ending up behind a wall on the other side of the staircase entrance. Then she heard a groan. Looking to her right, Collie saw Beverly hunched over, hands clasped against her lower belly. Collie frantically glanced around. Only she and Beverly had dove to this side. All the remaining officers were behind the wall on the opposite side of the staircase, and before she could yell for help, they began rushing up to the second level, determined to take out the final hostage taker. Collie crawled over to Beverly.

“Oh my gosh, are you hurt??? I’ll get someone…I’ll…” Beverly shushed her and slowly removed her hands. To Collie’s great relief, there was no blood, only Beverly’s behemoth of an abdomen. “Fuck, it hurt so much to dive over here. I landed straight….on my bladder.” The veteran officer breathed shakily. Her hands continued to rub the stretched skin that surrounded her aching bladder. Then Beverly squeezed her legs tight to fight off a spasm against her weakening sphincter. It seemed to take all of her resolve to remain dry as she squatted down against the wall.

She pulled Collie close and whispered, “Where did everyone else go?” Collie motioned to the staircase. “They went for the gunman.” Beverly regarded this for a second before moaning in pain once more. She regained her composure, barely, legs spazzing and fanning with reckless abandon as she fought to control her bladder muscles for a few moments more. “They all left for the second floor?” Beverly asked shortly, taking quick breaths now. It seemed to Collie as if she was clenching every muscle in her body every second or two to remain in control of her overworked sphincter. Collie peered out, saw no one, and nodded that they were alone.

“But, why?” she asked her superior officer. Beverly let out her loudest groan yet as more bladder spasms ripped through her, then replied quietly, “Because I need to take a piss and I’m going to do it right here!” She grabbed at the sides of her uniform pants and began to tug them down. Collie’s eyes widened at the thought of the flood that she was about to witness. It was sure to eclipse every piss she’d ever heard Beverly take after a shift, and the young trainee was going to see it all firsthand! At that moment, there was one final burst of gunfire, and then officers began jogging back down the steps. Beverly frantically pulled her uniform pants back up, still unrelieved. There was a look of pure terror in her eyes as she realized that she was no longer alone, and no longer able to do the thing that her body had been screaming at her to do for hours now.

With as much composure as she could muster, Beverly Johansson marched back into line with the rest of the officers, Collie just behind her, having just cut off the piss of her life before it had even started. The officers exited the bank, Ryerson at the tail end with the bloodied and battered final gunman in handcuffs. The freed hostages followed, bellowing with joy. Some of the police stayed to clean up the scene and get information from the hostages, but Collie and Beverly were not among them. They had already been kept for hours past their allotted shift time, and thankfully Ryerson simply wished them a good night as they strode past him and to their squad car.

Beverly was doing her best to keep her stoic front as she got to the car, but Collie knew better. The woman was keeping her bladder controlled by the final remnants of her willpower and sphincter strength, nothing more. Her composure was hanging by a thread. They entered the car and Beverly immediately began clutching herself hard between her legs. “Fuck!....I should have pissed there while I had the chance! I can’t hold it! I need to piss somewhere, anywhere!” Beverly was grinding her ass into the seat and bouncing up and down as she held on. Collie could tell Bev was pushing past any limits the veteran cop thought she had. She was entering uncharted waters, and if she wasn’t careful, those waters would be all over the seat of her car.

“Do you want to go back to the station?” Collie asked, loving every second of Beverly’s plight but also not wanting the woman to embarrass herself. Beverly shot her a crazy look, “No way, it’s too far! I’ll never make it! There’s gotta be a restaurant with an open bathroom around here! Let’s just go! I really can’t wait!” With that, the lady cop pried one hand from her crotch, put it on the wheel, put the squad car in drive, and hastily pulled out of the bank parking lot and onto the main road. Her knees were knocking together and the car’s speed was sputtering because she needed to bounce her foot instead of keeping it steadily on the gas pedal. Desperately Beverly’s eyes careened from one side of the road to the other and back, searching for an open restaurant, bar, store, anything with a toilet so that she could relieve herself.

Closed, closed, closed, everything they went past was closed for the night. Beverly yelled in dismay as the search grew fruitless. Then, at the end of the block, she spotted a building with its lights still on. The female cop stepped down on the gas, sped in front of it, and performed the best parallel park job Collie had ever seen from someone who was clearly not focusing even an iota on making sure the car was aligned with the sidewalk. Beverly steeled herself as the car stopped, rubbed her mammoth abdomen in a vain attempt to calm it down, put her hand over her vagina once more, and then finally exited the car with shaking steps. Collie watched from the passenger’s seat. Beverly made her way unsteadily to the front door of the restaurant, but as she reached it, the owner came out to put out the closed for the night sign.

The windows were up, so Collie couldn’t hear too well, but she saw Beverly gesturing frantically towards the door, then to her crossed legs, but the store manager wouldn’t budge. He shook his head at her and pointed her back to the squad car. Beverly stamped her feet in dismay, pee dancing on the spot, trying to find some way to convince the man to let her inside to use their toilet. He continued to shake his head, so in a last ditch effort Beverly lifted her top just enough for him to see the all-encompassing fullness of her bladder, then reached out and took his hand, placing it on her bulge.

Collie managed to catch the words, “See?! It’s hard as a rock, you motherfucker! Now let me in there to piss it out!” because Beverly shrieked them at a higher pitch than Collie had ever heard from her before, but the owner of the restaurant held his ground. Slumping her head in defeat, Beverly pee danced back to the squad car, shaking with anger, dismay, and desperation, and sat down in the driver’s seat, her hand now balled up into a fist and jammed into her crotch to keep her waters at bay.

“Where now?” Collie asked. It was all she could think of to say as she watched her normally cool and composed superior officer fight the battle of her life with her iron, hurting bladder. “Can’t…..hold…..it…..” Beverly grunted, face red with the effort she was putting into clenching herself shut. Collie looked at her and saw a defeated woman, a woman who had dared to think about peeing on the floor of a public building while her comrades continued to do their jobs, a woman who begged an arrogant business owner to use his facilities because she couldn’t hold it anymore, a woman who was done in by a simple diuretic in her morning coffee, and Collie realized that she couldn’t have that.

She needed Beverly to be strong through it all, because that’s where the attraction lay for her. If Beverly lost control now, the entire experiment would be for naught. Collie decided to take a risk… “Beverly! Dammit, Bev! You’ve held it for this long! Don’t lose it now! Where can you go? Think! Do you live close to here?!” Collie shouted desperately at the twitching, vibrating woman sitting next to her, overcome with bladder agony. Beverly took a moment to acknowledge Collie, even as she yelled, but then turned to face her slightly and nodded, almost imperceptibly, to say that yes, her home was near their current location. “Then drive home! For the love of God, drive home and piss in your own toilet!” Collie didn’t know if such a stern approach would work with Bev’s bladder and psyche in such a fragile state, but then the older woman put the car back in drive and began speeding off down the main road, and Collie could only hope that her superior’s home was near.

Five minutes later the squad car screeched to a halt in front of Beverly Johansson’s fine estate. Collie exited the car quick as a flash, determined not to miss any of what she was most certainly about to witness, and still Beverly, in her breathtaking desperation, managed to beat her out of the car. The lady cop was hobbling to her front door, moaning incoherently from the strain her heavy balloon of a bladder was being placed under. Beverly stopped at her front door, nearly popped right then and let loose on her doormat, and then summoned the last of her courage and bladder fortitude to double cross her legs, squat low to keep control, and finally get the key in the lock and open her door. “Fuck…fuck…fuck…” the veteran officer was mumbling to herself as she tap danced towards her bathroom, Collie following her every step of the way. They turned down one hallway, then another, and finally the bathroom was in sight.

With a scream of joy, Beverly Johansson threw herself into her bathroom, tore her uniform pants down so quickly that they ripped, sat on her toilet, and let loose an amazing torrent of boiling, agonizing piss. Collie took one millisecond to steal a glance at a clock hanging on the wall to confirm that it was 9 pm, meaning that Beverly’s loud, hissing load that was currently streaming into the salvation of the toilet bowl had been contained inside of her for exactly 24 hours, diuretic and all. How Beverly Johansson had managed that, the young trainee would never know, and by the looks of things Beverly couldn’t believe it herself. She just kept rubbing the bulge in her abdomen, which remained impressive in size even after two minutes of splattering pee had emptied from it. Her bladder had been taxed to its max and survived, if only just.

As Beverly’s long piss reached its fourth minute without showing a sign of stopping, Collie became aware of her own pressing need. While she hadn’t drank nearly as much as the veteran cop or had the added pressure of the diuretics, Collie had been without a restroom for 15 hours, and her well-trained bladder was suddenly beginning to rebel. Collie looked at Beverly, looked back at her own bladder bulge, looked at Beverly again, still sitting on the toilet in complete bliss, and decided that one more risk was in order.

Without hesitation, Collie Winters sat down on top of Beverly’s thighs, facing the older woman and pressed up right against her, then released her own flood of pee in between both of their legs and into the toilet, where it mixed with Beverly’s still-emanating stream. Collie’s hiss was forceful in its own right, though clearly nothing compared to Beverly’s torrent. Beverly nearly got up and threw Collie off of her, but in a last ditch effort, the younger girl moved in and kissed her, passionately and with nothing but unmitigated desire. For five full seconds Beverly did not kiss back. She did not pull away or push Collie off, but she did not respond in kind.

Then, as Collie breathed a mental sigh of relief to go with her physical one, Beverly gave in, melted into her arms, and kissed back firmly, both women seated on a single toilet, relieving a day’s worth of stress, tension, and most importantly, piss. Collie groped Beverly’s breasts gently while Bev’s hands went to Collie’s ass, and as both women moaned with pleasure, their pees finally ended, Collie’s after 3 minutes and Beverly’s after an astounding 7 minutes total. The women looked deeply into each other’s eyes, and Collie told her strong lady cop, “Now that, I’d say, was a policewoman piss.” Beverly smiled, chuckled, and gave her a sultry look. “Come on,” she replied, moving to get up while still holding on to Collie, “My bedroom is this way.”

