Linda's second move

Author: Danielle, Nederlands (1997'03)

Linda waited 3 days to grab her peed in panties and the towel out of her wardrobe. They were a little bit stinky. But they were dry and to Linda's surprise there wasn't a stain in her panties. Must have been the fact she drunk only water the hours before she peed in them. Just to be sure her mother didn't find out about her dirty game, Linda decided to change her clean pair of panties with the dry but a little bit smelly panties. The towel went directly to the laundry-basket. Linda hoped that her mother didn't notice the fact that there was a strange familiar smell on them.

It was exactly a week after that silly incident that Linda was in her bedroom. Not to clean-up this time. Linda was making her schoolwork when she felt the urge to pee. She remembered her "accident" the week before while she pressed a hand against her crotch. "Jesus, I'm almost peeing my pants," she said to herself.

Normally she would have gone to the bathroom like every normal girl would do in this position. OK, it was a normal thing when she was alone at her room that she hold back as long as possible. It wasn't even strange that she pressed a hand between her legs. As long as she was alone and nobody - not even her closest friend - was in the neighborhood. She reached the moment she normally ran to the bathroom. But for some reason she stayed on her chair, wobbling and fidgeting as a little child. But she only realized this was a very stupid thing to do when the first little spurt suddenly escaped in her panties. Linda jumped up from her chair.

"Oh my God, I'm wetting my pants," she whispered while crossing her legs real quick and pressing both hands between them. Last week she was wearing a skirt. That was easy. Only her panties became wet. But this time she wore here brand new khaki jeans. She would really be in big problems when she soaked them. But it was to late. The next spurt of pee poured in her panties and Linda felt how it was already streaming down the legs of her jeans. There was no way back. Her bladder seemed to burst. Linda removed her hands and looked down at her jeans. Pee was flowing down the legs of her pants. The stain went down to her ankles and pee was dripping on the carpet.

Linda knew she would be in big trouble. Not only the fact she had to hide her soaked jeans and panties. Maybe, with a little luck, that was possible. But a large puddle appeared on the carpet. Even her socks and sneakers became soaking wet. How the hell hide such a large wet spot in the middle of your room? Suddenly Linda was afraid. What would her mother say? How the hell to explain this stupid thing? But on the other hand Linda felt the warm feeling while pee was steaming in her jeans. It wasn't just the fact the pressure on her bladder was gone. There was another thing. She felt the same strange feeling the week before. It was a relieve off course, it felt warm, but it also felt quit exciting.

Without realizing Linda opened the zipper of her jeans and started flattering the wet crotch of her towel panties. This was great. In a few moments, while pee was still dripping to the ground, Linda experienced the most wonderful feeling she ever had. Playing with her pussy was not new. She often did that while she was in bed. It was a funny, almost tickling feeling. In her mind she normally had the handsome actors from television. Thoughts about being with them on a warm beach in Florida. Sitting at a pool bar while the man of your dreams brings you a wonderful cocktail. That was it!

But this time was different. There wasn't an actor in Linda's mind. There was nobody in her mind. For a moment, when the funny nice feeling started, she didn't even thought about the wet clothes and carpet and the consequences it could have. She just enjoyed the feeling of warm pee streaming in her pants. This was the most wonderful moment she ever had. The week before was an accident. Just because of angriness. The times she played with herself in bed were lovely too. In was exciting to do, but this time ... wow, this was great.

But that overwhelming feeling went away real quick after Linda had her orgasm. There she stood. The nice tickling feeling was gone. The jeans that felt so nice, wet and warm a few moments before, suddenly felt cold. Linda looked at the big wet spot on the carpet and her completely soaked jeans.

"Oh Gee," she said to herself. "I'm afraid I'm in very big problems!" Linda pulled down her jeans and hide them in her wardrobe. Same place as the week before. She hoped her mother wouldn't found out about it. Although she was very thirsty, she threw her cup of tea on the carpet, on the spot her pee already made a large puddle. Hopefully her mother would believe her tea felt down. And that she didn't ask questions about Linda suddenly wearing another pair of jeans.

Linda was lucky this time. Her mother didn't even notice she was wearing another jeans, at least she didn't say anything about it, and she got a new cup of tea. Her mother never found out about this little accident. But for Linda a difficult time began. From this moment on she realized that peeing her pants wasn't just a silly thing little kids do. In the weeks to come it became more and more clear that she simply enjoyed the feeling of being naughty. But why did a grown-up girl like she loved this feeling? There must be something wrong with her...

