The Longest Hold
  Male pee desperation, wetting, holding.
Author: Nowthisisunbelievable_123 (2016-04-11)

"Welcome to the Orange County sir," Mark flashed a pleasant smile at the bald, grumpy, pot-bellied customer who just walked in through the gold panelled doors of the classy restaurant. Mark glanced briefly at the man. He seemed to be in his 50's and hardly met anyone's gaze. The captain of the restaurant, an older man, ushered the customer to his table and took his order.

Mark turned back to the front door and shifted uncomfortably on his feet. His poor legs had been carrying his weight around since six in the morning and now it was past eleven. They were damn sore. But that was nothing as compared to his need to pee. The last time he took a piss was at around 4.30 in the morning and now, the lower abdomen and part of his crotch ached as his bladder continued to fill up with each passing minute.

Mark took a deep breath and tried to concentrate on the door. The only option he had was to hold it in till at least six in the evening. That was his usual routine. Emptying his bladder to the last drop before leaving his hostel room at 4.30 in the morning. Restricting the amount of fluids he consumed throughout the day. Holding in the urine till he got back (should it ever fill up). 

But today, for some weird reason, his bladder was filling up faster than usual. As far as he could remember, he had kept a watch over the amount of liquids he had consumed over the night and yet he was faced with a major crisis of controlling his need to pee. Once again, he took a deep breath, tucked in his crisp white shirt into the cream coloured pants which was hugging his delicious crotch and legs. Anything to ease up the mounting pressure in his bladder! He wondered if he could ever manage to hold it all till six in the evening. But what if the manager asked him to do an extra shift? How was he going to do that?

Mark was in his early twenties, towered at 6'3 and had an athletic build to boast of. He always managed to knock out the girls with his stunning good looks. He was a student of hospitality management and considered himself to be lucky to be accepted into this big hotel chain as a trainee. The manager had allotted him to train in the restaurant as a door man for the time being. His job was to graciously welcome the customers into the restaurant and usher them to their respective tables. He thanked goodness under his breath that the captain had did the last part of his job today. Would have been quite distressing to do so with an uncomfortably full bladder.

Being the shy guy that he was, he restrained himself from asking anyone about where the loos were. In his one-week tenure, he tried to look for them though. During lunch hours. But walked into a broom closet instead. Right in front of other housekeeping staff. They had given him raised eyebrows and a couple of gleeful smirks. Since then, he even stopped looking. But he was lucky! All these days, he had managed to get away with a seventy percent full bladder. But today, it was close to ninety-five percent full.

He sighed and glanced at his watch. What? Just 11.10? That's ridiculous! I could swear that it was 11 AM a long time ago! From the way the time was running forward, it seemed as though the entire universe had plotted against him to bust his bladder and humiliate him.

After what seemed like a decade, it was finally lunch hour. He quietly slipped away to the staff canteen, picked up his food platter and sat down to eat. Pestered by the unusual tightness of his pants around his waist and crotch, he looked down and found that his stomach looked bloated. Even the fabric on his crotch jutted out as his penis went semi rigid with all the discomfort he felt in his bladder. God, I really need to pee, he thought desperately, somehow, I must find the toilets. I don't think that I can hold till evening. I already need to go so badly.

He squeezed his thighs together and released them as he noticed his crotch grow stiffer. The intense need to piss was arousing and uncomfortable at the same time so he gently fanned his legs as he spooned up the lunch into his mouth. As he sat there, he could feel the tip of his cock tingle with the need for release so he rocked back and forth for a bit to get a grip on his desperation.

After the pressing need to urinate eased down a bit, he rose to his feet, cleaned up at the sink and left for the restaurant. His eyes ran around as he moved, searching for any sign of the men's loo. But there was nothing that he could find other than the guest toilets. He so badly wished that he could go in there, find a urinal, unzip his pants, pull out his swollen penis and shoot a thick stream of urine into the bowl. But those belonged to the customers and neither the staff nor the trainees were allowed to use it!

At half past two, he was called in for room service, just when his bladder had crossed 101% fullness. He was accompanied by another trainee, a gorgeous young woman in her late teens by the name of Jasmine. She wore a tight white blouse, a short cream coloured skirt and a silky bow-tie of the same shade. The girl was really friendly and Mark could say that she liked him, just like everyone else.

Mark rolled the trolley into the elevator and waited for Jasmine to get in before jabbing at button 4. Jas pushed at 2. "We need to meet the manager before going over," she stated.

The both of them bickered and giggled and this made it even harder for Mark to control himself. He shoved his hands into his pockets and shuffled them as he squeezed his thighs shut. God I need to peeeee. I need to pee now! Now! He looked around frantically and shifted on his feet as he realized that he had not even taken a single piss in ten long hours even after wanting to go so badly since eleven in the morning. Three hours of utter desperation that he was even ready to whip out his cock right there in the elevator and piss hard in the corner.

"I'll be right back in a minute," said Jasmine as she exited the elevator to the manager's cabin in the second floor. The door began to slide shut but Mark shot out and stopped it.

To his horror, a strong jet of urine gushed out of his penis with a rushing sound. "Shit-shit-shit!" He gasped and crossed his legs, crushing his aching penis in between. His hands were still on the door, holding them apart. He trembled violently as he hunched over and strained to control his bladder. His abdominal muscles clenched tightly and shuddered as it struggled to hold in the piss that shot out for the second time. At the third squirt, he let go off one of the doors and grabbed his crotch and squeezed it shut. "Shit-no-please-no. Please don't piss. Please don't. God. Please help me to hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Shit."

The door began to slide shut again and Mark's hand shot out to stop it. That was enough for the fourth squirt to show up as a wet patch on his crotch, the size of a tennis ball. He smashed his legs shut again with his hands on the door. "Stop-stop-stop," he chanted under his breath and looked up to find Jas at the door, staring at him in horror.

"Are you okay?" she asked him with concern.

"Jas, just... just hold this. I need to go to the bathroom."

"Now?"

"Yes!" he complained.

"But that's the problem, we need to deliver this fast. The guest had called up thrice already to check in on the order."

"Shit," Mark hissed and screwed his eyes shut.

Jasmine watched his predicament and felt so turned at his desperate need to use the loo. From the way he had jammed his hands into his pockets earlier, she had felt that he needed to answer nature's call. It was obvious. Moreover, in all these days, she had never seen him going to the bathroom and wondered if she'd missed his trip to the loo or whether he'd been holding it all in. She smiled with pleasure. It was indeed exciting to know that someone as hot as Mark was in such a dilemma.

"If I'm not wrong, there's one on the fourth floor," she lied.

"Really?" he looked up at her with hope.

"Yeah," she replied. "Say what? We'll just deliver this order fast and then you can use the loo."

Mark agreed so Jasmine hurried into the elevator. And as soon as she did, his hands shot back to his crotch and put in all what he's got to hold back the flood. She glanced over her shoulder and found him hunched over, his hands jammed over his desperate member. "You really needed to go, didn't you?" She asked him hopefully.

"So bad," he groaned and squeezed his penis, the outline of his rigid cock now visible over the fabric of his pants.

"I've never seen you going to the loo," she said.

"I don't," he answered.

"Why not?"

"I don't know where they are."

"So how have you been managing all these days?" she asked him. This pee talk was getting her really aroused. She secretly hoped that he never got to find the loo and ended up urinating in his pants.

"Other days weren't this bad," he said breathlessly and straightened up as the urgent need faded away for the time being.

To his horror and to her secret pleasure, the elevator stopped dead in its tracks. "Shit!" he hissed.

"Oh no. Now what do we do?" She pretended to be worried, but inside, she hoped that they would be stuck till he loses control.

"Call for help," he pleaded urgently. Jas picked up the phone in the elevator and dialled up the technician.

"He says it's going to take a while," she told Mark.

"How long?"

"Maybe an hour," she replied.

"Dammit. How do I hold till then? My bladder's going to burst! Tell them to make it fast. Tell them that I need to pee."

"He said to hang in there. He's trying his best to get here fast, but it may still take a while."

The next couple of minutes were pure torture as Mark stomped his foot, crossed his legs, crunched his penis and so on. But it seemed that nothing was going to keep it under control.

"I've got an idea," said Jasmine as she pulled off her blouse and cradled her huge, round breasts.

"What're you doing?" Mark was stunned.

"Helping you to hold it?" she answered and closed in. "Just put your hands here." She took his hands and placed it over her breasts before reaching out to his semi hardness. Mark hissed as her long fingers wrapped over the tightness in his crotch. She could feel his penis in her hand. "Oh my. It's as hard as a rod," she whispered gleefully.

Mark simply closed his eyes and sucked the air through his teeth. "On a scale of one to ten, tell me how bad you need to go?" she asked in a seductive voice.

"Fifteen," he gasped as her hand slowly slid up and down his length.

"Oh my! That must be really bad. You must be so desperate. How long have you been holding?"

"Since 11 in the morning," he answered with another gasp.

"Four hours of desperation and almost eleven hours without a piss. Wow!" She placed a soft kiss over him and brushed her knee over his hard member. The touch of her hand over his rock hard penis was overwhelming. The desperate need to empty his over-stretched bladder and the mounting need for pleasure was incredible. "God..." he whispered.

"It feels like sex, doesn't it?" she bit her lip.

"Amazing," he breathed and hissed again as her fingers ran over the erection in his pants which was now pointing straight at her stomach.

"If I give you two choices, to piss in the toilet or to fuck me, what would you do?"

"Fuck you," he moaned in pleasure.

"So you don't need to piss anymore?"

"No, I do. So badly. In fact, I would have peed long back, right in the elevator. 'Cause my bladder was very full and I had lost control."

"God, how did you manage to hold so much?" she played with the head of his penis which was still within his pants. A loud ZZZIIPPP resonated in the elevator as she unzipped his pants, shoved in her fingers, dug through his wet briefs and pulled out his throbbing penis.

"Oh God!" He hissed.

She knelt down and began to take in his length a little at a time. The tip at first. She teased his desperate member, rolling her tongue over the head and sucking the tip before watching it thrum and tremble with the equivalent need to piss and cum. Then, she progressed, sucking it deeper and harder.

Mark moaned in ecstasy. It felt like his bladder would get sucked dry any minute. She had managed to suck up his urine till the tip of his penis. "Jas... no... I'll pee myself..."

She pulled off and took his rock hard penis in her hands and began to slide up and down. He hissed and clenched his muscles as arousal hit its peak.

With each passing second, she built up in speed, jacking off his urine filled cock while he clenched his jaw and threw his head back. He cradled the base of his penis as if he was standing at a urinal, ready to unleash the torrents of piss that was sloshing around in his aching bladder.

Each second, the pleasure built to unbelievable heights till his stomach clenched and his cock shot out a thick load onto the elevator floor. "Oh God.... Oh God...." Mark panted like a dog and almost collapsed to his knees.

"So feel better?" she asked after a while.

"For the time being," he replied and watched her button up her blouse. "But I'm not sure for how long it's going to last." The need to piss was slowly beginning to return, sending pangs into his bladder.

Past two hours, they were still stuck in the elevator. As for Mark, once again, he was desperate to use the facilities. He gave his now limp penis a quick squeeze and looked at Jasmine with a smirk. "If it weren't for you, I would have pissed my pants long back."

"Well. You almost did," she winked.

"I might again," he said as he leaned back, crossed his legs and stroked his hardening member. Jasmine flashed a shrewd smile and looked away. "Can you do that again?"

"Not unless you are really desperate."

"I am," he replied. "ten out of ten."

"Not enough. Make it sixteen this time." She pulled out a bottle of water and passed it to him.

"That belongs to the guest!" he laughed.

"I don't care. I need you to be really full," she said as she passed the second bottle. "You should be so desperate that you must almost empty yourself into your pants."

"We're going to get fired for this, I swear." He opened up the bottle and slowly began to gulp down the water while he kept his eyes on her.
