The Sensuality of Wet Sex

Author: Wendy (1998-11-09 at 18:18)

Chapter 17. Princess Running Waters
	
The backpack was a mountaineering type, no visible frame. It was large and heavy. The waterproof flap was loose, so I opened it and reached in. Under what felt like socks and such I came to something that felt odd. It was light and springy and felt like curled ribbon. It was attached to something made of (or covered by) paper. I peeked in, but all was darkness. The dim light offered by my flashlight barely lit the inside of the tent. Curiosity overcame my snittiness and I pulled the object out to examine it. It was extremely light and only about the size of a CD case. Sure enough, there was ribbon around it and it was, crudely, gift-wrapped. I brought it into the beam of the flashlight and read the nametag.

It said, "To: Wendy - the second time was even better." This was definitely Bill's stuff; I thought smuggly, as I replaced the gift, under the socks. Then it struck me. I was being really self-centered. I was plotting to make him suffer for rearranging the sleeping set-up, without getting my permission. Yet we did have an understanding (to put it mildly) that we would be together this weekend. We had already been more intimate than most old married people, except for that one act. And I had determined that I had finally found the man to take care of that one thing for me. And, here he brings me a gift! Who was I kidding? I got out my over-sized (sleeping) T-shirt and undressed for bed.

Something felt strange, as I squirmed out of my clothes in the close confines of that dark tent. I wasn't able to figure it out, until I pulled back the top sleeping bag to crawl in to our bed. There was actually a sheet under there! And there was a foam mattress and pillows, too! Bill had really gone to a lot of trouble, for a camping trip, to make me feel comfortable. But, as I slid into the bag the feeling of something amiss persisted. It was a crankily sound, combined with the odd movement of the sheet under my bottom. I pulled back the bottom sheet and felt a plastic surface. At first I thought it was part of the mattress. But the light glinted off it wrongly.

I brought the flashlight closer and discovered that I was sitting on a shower curtain! It took me only a few seconds to add up the facts and warm to their implications. I put the sheet back into place and stretched out under the sleeping bag. My clever Bill had provided us with a very comfortable double bed, one in which we could be very naughty! The thought sent a flash of warmth through me that ended up focused between me legs. I wanted to make a wet spot right there and then… a sort of damp little surprise for my man. It was then that I regretted having peed at the Women's showers. I lay there trying to work up at least a small squirt, but to no avail. I reached down and felt the crotch of my panties. Dry. Shrugging mentally, I thought again about my sweet Bill and the gift he had brought.

The note on the tag had my curiosity doing back flips. I went back to trying to wet a little, a distraction, in order to keep from digging the gift out and peeking into it. To further keep my mind of it, I pictured Bill and me back at that party. It made me feel even warmer. It all worked to make me unbelievably horny. In a few moments I had a hand inside my panties and was working up at least one kind of personal dampness. I began a pattern of alternating between masturbation and bearing down on my bladder. The former was achieving its aim, the latter, not at all. I was just thinking that I would soon be in orgasm, when I heard them coming.

There were two sets of footsteps and one voice. They stopped outside the tent and the flap opened. I froze in mid-debauch and tried to see who was there. Then I heard Bill saying good night to the other, who walked off without response. Bill crawled into the tent, turned around and reached back out through the flap. He pulled in one of the big jugs of wine, set it in a corner and zipped the flap shut. Then he turned back in my direction, shining his light on me. I half sat up, a hand still in my panties and embarrassed. The bag slipped down to the point that I am sure that he must have been able to see what I had been doing. I didn't move, for fear of confirming any suspicions.

I could barely make out his features in the dim light. I could not tell what he was thinking. He asked, simple, "Is the bed comfortable enough?" I grinned sheepishly and said it was far better than what I had brought. He rummaged through his stuff and came up with two tin cups and poured us generous portions of the wine. He had to turn partially away to accomplish this and I took advantage of the chance to remove my hand from the slippery warmth of my crotch. Bill explained that he was hoping that I was not angry with him for presuming to move in like this; that he had meant to ask me, but I had gone off with the other girls. I made noises about how it was better that sleeping with Vanessa, hoping he would not read other meanings into it…even if true.

As Bill worked out of his clothes, I gulped down my wine and held out the cup for more. He sat there in his jockeys and raised an eyebrow. He said that, if I felt the need to get drunk in order to sleep next to him, perhaps he had better move back in with the guys. I flushed and told him that I was not getting drunk, that plain water would suit me just fine, if he were worried. He stared at me for a second, then suddenly flashed a small and knowing smile my way. He refilled my cup. I suggested that he get under the sleeping bag where it was all toasty- warm.

He rolled in next to me and we cuddled and kissed. We made lover's small talk and let our bodies get reacquainted. I could feel his manhood swelling against my groin and, instinctively, began to move my pubis up and down along its length. (Guys have a rather crass name for this most sensual and stimulating form of contact. They call it: 'Dry fucking.' I suppose because it is a way to get off without fear of making a baby.) I could see where rubbing our most delicate tissues together through a couple of layers of underwear could cause a painful abrasion, if things were totally dry. But, my panties were pleasantly damp from my solo play; so I didn't notice any problem, until Bill pulled away. I only thought that he was getting so excited that he was afraid of premature ejaculation.

He let me know that things were getting chafed. I sat up and allowed the sleeping bag to fall completely off me. I wanted him to see how erect my nipples were. I also wanted access to his undershorts. Grabbing the flashlight and directing its beam on the bulge in his jockeys, I asked him to show me the problem. Bill smiled and pulled the front of his shorts down to expose his hard-on. Again, I was amazed at the sight of it. Previously (before Bill) I had only seen boy's erections, mostly ten to fourteen year olds, and one sixteen year old. His was, every inch, a man's erection! It was like those perfect staffs one sees in porn magazines. I thought I was already turned on; but my lust exploded onto another level, when I beheld his cock standing up and throbbing gently at me.

My expression must have told him all of this, because he looked unabashedly proud. I ran a finger along its length and it jumped away from me. I giggled and asked if it hurt that much? He laughed and said, "make it better, mommy." I had an inspiration and leaned back so he could see what I was about to do. Lifting the waistband of my panties with one hand, I reached slowly inside with the other. I made a show of rubbing my genitals as seductively as I was able; and, fact is, my wreathing was not at all faked. I slipped a finger into my pussy and stirred it in my juices. Then, I pulled it out slowly and brought it to his cock. I lathered on a layer of my own natural lubrication along the length of it, from tip to root and back. For good measure, I returned to my panties for another fingerful of treatment.

Now his rod glistened in the dim light. Then I bent down and kissed the head of his cock and asked if it was 'all better'? This time more than just his cock jumped. I replaced the front of his underwear over the object of my lust. The tip was peeking out from under the waistband. He had truly grown too big for his pants. I licked the same finger I had twice put into my pussy and made little circles over his pee hole. I was rewarded with shivers that seemed to run through Bill from his feet up to his head. He moaned and then warned me that, unless I eased off a bit, he be cumming. I said that it was okay with me if he came. I explained how much I loved making him cum and how much I loved seeing him cum, and feeling it, and smelling it.

I told him that, although I had never tasted cum, I thought that his must be good and that I intended to taste it…soon. I was still rubbing his pee hole as I said all these things and he was positively vibrating. I finally had to relent, when he pleaded that he really did not want to cum quite yet. He wanted to make the night last. (It was past eleven, already.) I pouted, precociously and stopped teasing. I asked, "what's the matter; you forget to bring a change of underwear? You afraid of messing these?" Bill chuckled, then he said, "oh; that reminds me. I brought you a little something…a kinda gift…I think?" With that, he turned to his backpack and retrieved the package with the bow. "I hope this doesn't offend. You kinda hinted that you would like it…?" I took the gift, trying to seem as if I'd never seen it before. I hefted it and shook it and asked what it was.

Bill said that I should open it, but made me promise to suspend judgement, first. I was really curious now! I tore into it and had it open in a few seconds. There was a cellophane wrapping inside, surrounding something made out of material. As I removed this wrap in the dim light, I caught the unmistakable scent of dried urine…and something more. My excitement leaped and new emotions washed over me. I knew what this had to be; but I had to hold it up in the beam of the flashlight to be absolutely certain. My heart was pounding. I unfolded the cloth and held up a pair of white cotton men's underbriefs. I glanced at Bill, then back at them. The odor was a presence in that small tent and it spoke reams about my 'little gift'!

I could clearly see the outline of the yellowish stains in the material. Bill cleared his throat and I looked back to him. He asked if this was okay…if I didn't feel that he had carried things too far? I smiled up at him, about two inches away from tears. I threw my arms around him and kissed him…and thanked him…and kissed him. He explained that this was the pair that he had on when we did our thing over the phone. He also told me that he had hung them in his bathroom to dry; and that every time he went in there and saw them, he got horny all over again. He had finally put them on again and peed in them and cum in them, remembering our phone play. (That explained the cryptic note on the tag.)

I pressed them to my face and breathed deeply of his scents. That other odor, faintly of mushrooms, was his cum! I lowered them and kissed him again. "Do you have any idea how much this means to me…how you have touched me," I asked? "This is so special! I only wish I'd been there to see you do it." He seemed at once relieved and very happy. "Oh Bill, I love you. Honest, I do!"

Bill took his 'gift' from me and set them on my pillow. He held both my hands. He allowed things to calm a moment, then asked, "Wendy, do you really mean that?" I assured him that I'd thought about it long and hard, that it was not just the emotions of the moment that were driving me. "Then I am glad this is out in the open; because I wanted to tell you the same thing. I know it's all pretty sudden, considering the brief times we've had together, but I am in love with you, too." Hearing those words, I finally gave in to the flood of emotions that wanted to drown me.

I wrapped myself around 'my' man and cried from a joy that overwhelmed all else. The next two hours were a blur of tender words and tender touches punctuated by bouts of unbridled passion. Somewhere in there I gave up the last vestiges of my virginity and Bill and I grew a bond that has lasted to this day. It was nearly 3AM when we came down from our lover's high enough to remember that we were physical beings, with physical needs. Bill was the first to come around with the comment that he was parched beyond belief. I suggested more wine; but he vetoed that. As he searched for the canteen, I realized that we had not had a drink in nearly four hours. I sat up to help search and the compression of bending half over made me acutely aware of how full my bladder was.

Now, after such a session as we had just come down from, I felt that it was impossible to get horny again. But, the thought of peeing and my proximity to the object of my love and my lust, were an aphrodisiac too strong to ignore. I knew that Bill had to be drained, both physically and emotionally. I could feel his cum seeping out of my bottom onto the sheet where I sat. He had cum in me twice…or was it three times? Still, I wanted us to share our private little kinkiness, even if it did not lead to more lovemaking. Bill found the water and turned to me. I told him what I was feeling. He leaned down and kissed me and told me that I was the vixen of his dreams.

As we passed the canteen between us, Bill told me how, even before he was capable of producing sperm or had any idea what sex was, he was turned on by the thought of seeing a girl pee. He was also turned on by the idea of peeing in front of a girl. He wanted very much for us to pee together, even if we just went to sleep after. We reasoned that we had better not do it in the tent. Our bladders were so full that we feared the mess would be beyond the capacity of his preparations. So we decided to sneak, quietly, out of the tent and find a place out of camp to have our fun. It had turned rather chilly, but we didn't figure on being out very long; so I put back on my nightshirt and he pulled on a flannel shirt that barely covered his privates. While we were doing this I found Bill's 'gift', beside my pillow and my heart bobbed down to my stomach and back again.

I lifted them to my face again and inhaled the pungent reminder there. Bill was watching me with an expression that revealed how new this all still was for him. I could still remember those feelings myself and knew that each time one acted out this fantasy, the more comfortable you got. It gave me an idea, one that would continue his sensual education and would fulfill my wish to see him do what he had done to my 'gift'. I asked him if he would find his Jockey shorts and put them back on. His eyebrow went up in question. I explained and he found the shorts. He asked me to locate my panties and join him. This I did eagerly. In a moment Bill was kneeling on our bed with his legs slightly spread and I was on me belly, in front of him, flashlight in hand…holding my breath.

As badly as we both had to go, he was finding it most difficult to start, under these circumstances. After all, peeing in your underwear had been conditioned out of him for years. Making matters worse was the fact that he was not alone and not in a proper toilet facility. Also, knowing that there were several of his friends very close by, separated from us by a few layers of nylon tent material, plus the cold morning air, did not help things either. The fact is, his pee-lock only made it all that much more exciting for me; but I kept that part to myself, until much later. While he strained, then relaxed, then strained again, I whispered to him how much this turned me on.

I explained how I loved to see the wet spot first appear, as the initial trickle of pee escaped; how I enjoyed seeing the wet area expand as the next surge of piss came out…and then the next, and next. I told him how I experienced a different thrill, when the material was finally saturated, and the next surges came partially through and formed a glistening area that ran down and spread out. I told him how I envied guys, because they had external genitals with all that sensitive skin to feel the warmth and wetness. Then I noticed that the front of his underwear was expanding. He kind of whimpered and asked me to stop with the nasty talk…it was turning him on; and he'd never pee then!

I shut up and held my breath again. After about a minute Bill told me that he was close. I scooted up to within an inch or two of his crotch and waited, quivering inside from the excitement. Finally it started. A wet circle about the size of a large coin appeared. It was followed quickly by a sudden expansion and then by a stream that traced down the length of his penis. The quivering inside me came to the surface, causing the beam of the flashlight to dance around its target. More pee followed, soaking the front of his shorts and dripping onto the sleeping bag. I cautioned Bill to hold it. As much as I would have loved to see him finish it all right there, I had no desire to sleep in a soaked bed in that cold. He had already stopped it and he sat back onto his ankles and said it was my turn. I asked for something to put under my bottom and Bill pulled a flyweight rain poncho out of a pouch on his backpack. I exchanged the flashlight for the poncho.

I set it in front of him and sat in the middle, with my legs spread wide, knees bent, so he could get a complete view. He trained the light on the crotch of my panties and I lay back onto my elbows and relaxed. In a second I had produced a wet spot for him and he sighed with obvious pleasure. I released another spurt and darkened more of my crotch. He made another sound of enjoyment and I let go a major squirt. This time it was enough pee to soak down around my ass and to climb up and darken the panty material clear to the top of my pubic hair. At this point I knew that I would have to really cut loose. My control only goes so far. So I suggested that we adjourn to the bushes and finish what we had started. Bill readily agreed and added that we should probably leave our undies in the tent, as the air outside would be considerably cooler. We stripped them off and Bill hung them on a string that he had previously rigged across the back of the tent.

Bill unzipped the tent flap and led the way out. It seemed unnaturally bright out. The nearly full moon had risen and bathed the campsite in blue-white relief. And it was, in deed, colder outside the tent. That flimsy structure had managed to retain our body heat, of which we had produced plenty. Bill took my hand and led me past the, now dead, fire pit and down hill to a pathway. A short distance from the center of our camp was a stone and timber bridge that crossed a small creek that fed the lake. I pulled on his hand and stopped us right there. "Let's do it here," I whispered. Bill looked back toward camp. We could see most of the tents clearly. Then he looked toward the bushes nearby. He started in that direction, but I held my ground, still holding his hand.

"Here will be more fun!" He shrugged in resignation and said okay…ladies first. So I lifted my nightshirt and spread my legs. Bill leaned closer and asked me if I would mind squatting to pee. He said he'd like to see me pee like a girl. Sure. I squatted and he started to get down on all fours to watch. I put a hand to his shoulder and held him back, rising back to my feet. I whispered that he shouldn't have to do that out here and asked him to give me a hand. While Bill steadied me, I stepped up onto the wide timber railing of the little bridge and assumed the traditional female pissing position. All he had to do was bend down slightly and he could see everything.

I pulled back my nightshirt so the moonlight flooded in between my legs and said, "ready?" Not waiting for an answer I started peeing just as if I were on the toilet at home. It was instant full flow and the excitement of it all (plus the chilled air) had me shaking all over. It hissed loudly and splattered off the bridgeworks. I could feel my pee spattering against my bottom, and on my ankles and calves. I looked down at the drops flying wildly around and saw that they were hitting Bill, as well. Either he hadn't noticed or he didn't care. Maybe he was even enjoying it! And I just kept on peeing.

It seemed to go on for longer than I am used to. Pee ran off the beam I was perched upon and down onto the bridge itself. There it formed a large puddle that eventually found the edge and pored over into the creek. Bill was still staring at my pussy when I finally ran dry. He helped me down and put his arms around me. He kissed my gently on one cheek and thanked me. I was really very touched by his honest admission as to how much he appreciated my little display. Then he said we'd better get back inside before we freeze. I said, 'wait a minute mister. You owe me a show, now." He said, "oh, yeah." I reached and lifted the front tail of his shirt and surveyed his, still damply glistening cock.

I asked if I could aim for him and, of course, he agreed. (What male wouldn't?) It took him a moment, but when he finally cut loose, it was worth the wait. His pee came out in a strong and twisting stream. I had fun directing it this way and that; aiming his thick line up onto the railing and over it, into the creek.

Again, I envied the male anatomy. It seemed designed so much more for dexterity and fun than my own. I could even feel his pee running through his cock. It was like holding a garden hose, only softer, more resilient and a heck of a lot sexier. We both enjoyed his piss all the way to its end. I even gave him the traditional little shake; but added my own wee twist, as I used the palm of my hand to wipe off the drops on its end. Our fun done, we beat a hasty retreat back to camp. Passing the fire pit again, Bill saw something and stopped to retrieve it. It was a, half-full, bottle of some clear liquor. Then he searched around some more. A few seconds later he had my hand again and we made for the tent.

Back inside, we quickly got under the sleeping bag and snuggled for warmth. It took nearly fifteen minutes for us to thaw sufficiently for extraneous movement. Then, Bill grabbed that bottle and opened it. There was an immediate and overpowering odor of mint. He held it out to me and suggested that I only sip it. I sniffed at it and wondered. He said it was peppermint schnapps. I tried it gingerly and understood why one should only sip it. It was sweet, liquid fire! But, wow, did it warm the innards! For the next couple of hours we talked and cuddled playfully. We passed the bottle occasionally, until it was empty.

Then we finished off the wine. Bill was intensely curious about my entire life's history. He especially was intrigued by my accounts of my developing sexuality, in particular how I came to my love of wet sex. I told him everything, stopping only at my relationship with Vanessa. That part involved her feelings and reputation. I felt that it was not my place to reveal her private sides. Besides, even though it seemed to turn him on tremendously when I told about my bisexual side, I was afraid that my thing with Vanessa might jeopardize our budding relationship.

Bill was not the only one with curiosities. I probed and coaxed much of his past out of him. I was careful to not ask for too personal details, like how many women he had bedded, etc.. I wanted to know absolutely everything about this awesome man; but I felt that some details were best left alone, unless he volunteered them. Like me, his hormones started pumping at around eleven years of age. And, like me, he came from a family that knew nothing about sex education for their children; he learned things behind the shed and from equally ignorant peers. Turns out that the first person he ever touched sexually was his own sister. It was when he was twelve and she was ten.

They shared a bedroom and things just followed their natural course. He did have an early interest in watching girls pee and played some of the same games that I did. But that is where it stopped. It was taboo, after all. He had never considered the idea that peeing could be so sensual, or odder yet, a shared form of foreplay (or after-play), until he met me. I confess to having questioned him in detail about those times. Apparently he was a real charmer in his early years. He listed, after much encouragement, seventeen neighborhood girls, four cousins and his sister (plus two of her friends) that he had seen pee; many of these were multiple occurrences. All that fun with pee happened between the ages of eight and thirteen! (And I thought that I'd lived a wicked childhood.)

I was also curious about his relationship with his sister. Apparently they were experimenting with each other (and her two girlfriends) for the best part of three years. It never got as far as intercourse (or even oral sex); but they did seem to do about everything else. This was a place where Bill started to resist my probing. Even though I assured him that it only amounted to kids being naturally curious and learning the ropes; and even though the fact that no actual sex took place (therefore it technically was not incest), something made him uncomfortable when talking about it. The thing I remembered most was the fact that his sister seemed to like the pee play, more so than he, or any of the others did.

He even told me how she would invite him to meet her in the bathroom when she had to go, or when she planned to take a bath. She would experiment with all sorts of positions for peeing and made sure that he would be there to watch. She also liked to watch him pee and aim for him. She even liked to spread wide for him and pee in her bath water! (A favorite of mine.) One other thing that fascinated me was his explanation of the connection between the need to pee and sexual arousal in guys. There seems to be some physical attribute to the male anatomy, which causes guys to become erect whenever they have to pee. He mentioned that this happened all the time when he was a kid, and was often the cause of a lot of embarrassment.

He said that guys gradually learn to control it; but he still wakes up with an erection every day, from having to pee. When he spoke of his first wet dreams, he said that he, initially, thought that he had wet himself in his sleep. Trouble was it was thicker than pee and it had little clear lumps in it; and it smelled different than pee. He remained confused by this until he discovered masturbation. (God! How I wish I could have had his sister's bed, back then; and have shared all those things with him.)

All that intimate talk, together with our cuddling and fondling, had us horny again. And, all that wine and schnapps had our bladders begging for attention again. We started kissing again; and the playfulness had given over to a renewal of passion. Finally, I could take it no longer. So I put my mouth close to Bill's ear and whispered a request that he kneel over me and pee on my pussy and breasts. He replied that he'd thought that I'd never ask; that he was still a little too shy about the subject to initiate matters. I stuck my tongue in his ear and wiggled it around.

He moaned and shifted his weight to get into position. I moaned in anticipation as I slipped out of my nightshirt. He warned me that he was really full; but he didn't want to soak everything. We had no change of sheets; and it was much too cold to have to sleep in a puddle. I said that he could just sprinkle me down; then I'd do the same for him. He agreed, then reached over to a corner and retrieved an empty, one-liter, plastic jug that had a wide opening at the top. (So, that was the mysterious object he had grabbed, when he had found the schnapps. He had planned for this contingency ahead of time! I knew I had to hang on to this man.)

Bill straddled me, on his knees, and straightened up, with his head back. This caused the sleeping bag to fall off us and let the frigid air wash over us. He closed his eyes and sighed and, a second later, I felt droplets of his hot pee landing in my crotch hairs. Rivulets of warmth ran down the sides of my pussy and then along my crack. My whole groin area tightened and lifted in reaction to this sensual onslaught. Bill, then took hold of himself and flicked sprinkles of his piss all over my chest and belly. Some even reached to my shoulders and neck. I wanted to sit up into his stream and open my mouth. But it had stopped! He lowered himself onto me and slid around, sharing his warmth with me and spreading his pee over both of us. I was disappointed, but understood the need for control.

Bill took my in his arms and kissed me, then he rolled us over. Once on top it was my turn. I kissed him with a passion that had grown in response to his act over me. Then I sat up and almost immediately peed a quick squirt onto his groin and cock. I wasn't aware of just how badly I needed to pee, until then. He groaned and stiffened under me. I rode back and forth on him with his hardon sliding between my vaginal lips. We both were climbing the ladder of excitement . On an up stroke I paused and lifted slightly and loosed another squirt directly onto the head of his cock. It was Bill's turn to raise up in response.

His hip thrust lifted us both into the air. His erection was full and hard as steel by then; and our need to couple overcame our desire to continue our kinky play. I remained hovering over him as he settled back to the bed and took hold of his pulsing shaft and pointed it up. I slowly came down until I could feel the head of his penis just parting my lips and pressing against my pee hole. I slid it back until I felt it align with my vagina; then I lowered some more. There was pain!

I tried to ignore it and lowered myself still further onto his cock. But, as he penetrated me the pain grew worse. I had experienced some discomfort, hours earlier, when we first made love. The times after had only been pleasure. But this hurt! I had to get off. I tried to explain, but my tears and sobbing only made it all a mess. Bill pulled me back down into his arms, careful not to jab me with his erection.

He pulled the sleeping bag over us. Then he rocked and shushed me in a way that told me that he genuinely loved me. We finally came to terms that, since it was my first time, I should expect some soreness. I said that it was not fair to him. He argued that I'd be fine in a few days and we could do it then…only cautiously. I asked what about him…now? I also explained that I was still horny, too. He asked if the pain was only on the inside. I touched myself carefully and said it was mostly up in there and a little at the opening. Then he asked if I would consider doing it anally. I was a bit shocked. I told him that I had never done that, except with a thin and tapered candle; that I was not ready for that, yet. He then told me that he would just have to suck on my clit then, if I would be so kind as to return the favor.

I giggled in relief and started to switch position. I was almost onto Bill's mouth when I lost control and dribbled pee onto his upper chest and neck. I cried out in embarrassment and struggled to regain control. Bill said that, much as he'd like to 'shower' right then, he'd better have the jug. I located it and handed it back to him. He had me rise up a bit more and places the mouth of the bottle up against my bottom. Just in time, too. I lost it completely as soon as I felt it touch me.

I pissed long and hard…totally out of control. It made a hell of a racket in that small tent. If anyone else was awake they heard it, too. It seemed like an age before my stream slackened and I felt my knees weaken from physical release. I finally slumped down some, breaking contact with the jug and dribbling that last of my flood onto Bill. He carefully set the thing aside and lifted his head to bring him mouth into contact with my wet bottom. He licked and sucked me all over the parts of my pussy that were not sore, ending up giving attention to my clit. I came in shudders and collapsed on him.

Some minutes later, I took his, still hard cock into my mouth and sucked him with a relish I had not known until that morning. The aroma of pee, both his and mine was fresh beneath my nose; and the taste, tangy in my mouth. I used my tongue, my lips, both hands and even my teeth (gently). I found new combinations of those that I had not before known. I was at him with a passion that had little to do with my own orgasm. This was an action that was a pure-d turn on all by itself. He was reacting to my, by now frenzied, motions with jerks and thrusts; and his groans were anything but discrete. I didn't care who heard. I was loving my man at an emotional and physical level that shrank the outside world to insignificance. I can vaguely remember Bill's voice coming from between clenched teeth, telling me that he was about to cum…warning my to move my mouth away.

At that point my breathing was so labored that I could barely keep my mouth closed around him. My nostrils were not up to my need for air. But, still, I managed, between gasps for air, to tell my love to go ahead and cum. Just then I felt the head of his cock swell even more. (Was this possible?). He raised up and stayed there, while his cock started jerking and pumping his jizz into my mouth. It was an incredible feeling! It was hot and thick and strangely electric to the taste. He kept jerking and shivering, long after the ejaculate stopped spurting. I kept sucking and pumping him, as his cum oozed out and down into his hairs. I did it until his erection began to fall and he gently pulled me off' explaining that it was too sensitive to continue. I kissed the head and laid my head on his belly to watch it subside.

The weight of my head brought Bill up to a sitting position and he warned me to watch out. He reached over and took the, over half-full, jug. Understanding his need, I got out of the way. He got to his knees and brought the jug down between his legs, in front of himself. I took his slippery penis into my hand and aimed it into the opening. Bill cut loose and pissed every bit as hard as I had, earlier. I watched in awe, and no little excitement as he filled that jug clear to the top. I had to warn him to stop.

He finished the last of his pee just as it touched the brim. I gingerly set the jug down and bent to take Bill's penis into my mouth, where I gently sucked the last of his piss into me. I kissed my way up to his mouth, then thanked him. He unzipped the tent flap and carefully lifted the jug out to slowly pour its golden contents out to run down the gentle slope that led to the center of the camp. It was only then that I noticed that it was getting light out. We laughed and rezipped the flap.

As we cuddled once more under the sleeping bag, this time to actually sleep, Bill recalled something I had told him about my childhood, and asked me a question. "At that girl's camp you went to, where you first wet your panties in the moonlight, what was the Indian name they gave you?" (We had studied Indian lore and had put on a kind of play to demonstrate what we learned, for our parents.) I had been "Princess Dancing Fawn." Bill looked at me and pronounced, "from this day forth, you shall be known as "Princess Running Waters." We both laughed, and not long after fell soundly to sleep. That name has stuck with me for all the years since that day…and for good reason.
