Partners wetting on-line (Part 1)

Author: ppPanties (1999-01-03 at 16:34) #26197

How I can possibly write about this experience and do it justice remains to be seen… but here goes. Almost as if it were a dream… things could be a bit hazy, and I want to give you every juicy, wet, delicious detail possible. Please keep in mind, this was a lonnng evening, and I’m new at this, so I hope there isn’t a limit to length… because if there is… I’m in big trouble! I’d never be able to relive this as a continued two-parter.

Since being introduced to the it’s-okay-to-wet-yourself scene by a special friend on-line, not only has wetting myself become more self-gratifying, hotter and more exciting, my fantasies, imagination, desires and dreams have been raised to levels beyond anything I could have ever hoped for. For instance… wet sex. Will I ever get to experience this? I don’t know, but my imagination tells me it’s got to be the ultimate in sexual adventures. Touching and peeing for each other, and on each other.

I dream of the day when I can press my hand against him and feel that warm pee flowing through my fingers. Maybe I could even touch him with both hands and feel the wetness stream down my arms. Wet, wet and wild foreplay… and… and… oh god… someone stop my heart from pounding so I can write this… oral sex… through wet panties and without panties! We’d drink lots of water, of course, and I know I’d want to pee while he’s going down on me and when his cock is deep inside me, causing my full bladder to empty with each driving thrust. (((shudder))) ummm… where was I? Oh yes…

… the next best thing to the real thing… peeing for each other on-line (now that’s for real) and letting our imaginations do the rest. I spent hours with a friend recently doing just that. Since the events to come were actually unplanned, we started out by just chatting for a bit, and then I mentioned I had to pee. Now he LOVES a woman desperate to pee so this sparked his interest, not to mention… his growing “friend”… hehe. (No, I’m not being shy… I know it’s a cock… but I’ve already written it once… don’t wanna overdo.) :-)

“Really!??”, he said… “you have to pee now?!”

“Yes, I do.”

So with obvious glee in his tone… he asked if I could hold it a while longer. Even though my bladder felt full, I wasn’t at the desperation stage yet, so I told him I could, for a while anyway. While we chatted a while longer, I continued to drink more coke, and he continued to interrupt our chat to ask how I was doing. The pressure was now building to a point of discomfort, but I still felt I could hold on.

Then, “Ohhh… god!”

“What’s the matter?”

“Did you pee?”

“Just a trickle… but I think I’m okay for now.”

The trickle wasn’t even enough to show a wet spot on my light gray panties, and I was able to stop at just those few drops. Of course he was getting more and more turned on as I described my increasing urgency to pee. Then, to my surprise, he told me he had to go off line, but would be back soon. I’m sure I gasped at this point. I so wanted to wet myself for him while I described, in detail, every wet, gushing drop, while were both still sitting at our computers.

He said, “I want you to try and hold it while I’m gone”.

“Do you think you can do that for me?”

I was already wiggling and squirming in my chair and having to reach down and hold myself when I felt the squirming wasn’t going to work. He wasn’t the only one who was turned on all this time. I’d been slowly touching and rubbing myself the whole time we were chatting and at every mention of my condition, and his obvious excitement.

“Ummm… I… I’ll do my best.” And I repeated; “I think I can.”

Then I’m thinking, this isn’t a goddamned children’s story about a determined choo choo! This is my very full bladder we’re talkin’ about here. I think I can, I think I can. Yeah, right… who was I kidding? And what means “soon”? Ten minutes? Hell, 10 minutes would seem like an eternity. I didn’t dare ask for fear he’d say… “Ohhhh… no more than an hour.” and I’d surely lose control right then and there, and forget trying to drag that moment out and describe it. Another twenty minutes, or a half hour was surely unthinkable! I’m sure he’ll be back in no time. He wouldn’t expect me to wait that long, would he? Could he?

“Just try for me, okay?”

With a pathetic, audible moan from me, we said our good-byes.

I think I must have worked a miracle, because somehow I managed to keep myself busy and hold it to some minor leaks and trickles for what I think might have been about a half hour before his return.

Needless to say, he was thrilled and relieved I hadn’t peed while he was MIA, and I was equally as thrilled and relieved that I could now relieve myself and pee to my heart’s content. Wrong!

“I’m so glad you’re back.”

“I know I can’t hold it any longer.”

I’m holding myself and squirming and bouncing in my chair with a vengeance now, and he’s talking about helping me come up with a name to use for my first posting at wetset.

“You’re not going to pee until we’ve come up with a name for you.” Then he laughs! Do you believe it??? He laughs!

“LOL”.

Hands down, this man has earned the distinction of Master of Torture. Of course, I thought our first choice for a name was perfect. Sigh… but he didn’t think so.

“Ohhh… I’m leaking.”, I said… as I felt a warm spurt of pee wet my panties and through to my hand.

Again, this excited him and he said, “Okay, hold on.” Sure, I’m thinking… If I hold on any tighter, my hand will be permanently welded between my legs! Finally… with garbage bag and towel in the ready, I could let that first warm gush of pee go, through my panties into a puddle in my hand. oh wow! What an amazing feeling it was. I described every wet, warm minute to him as I now was soooo hot and turned on. I was playing with myself through my soaking wet panties, and moaning in pure ecstasy as a river of pee gushed out over my hand, making a large, warm puddle in the towel, and started to trickle down my legs. I’ve waited sooo long, and I knew I had to have a gallon yet to let go.

“Would you like my hand there in place of yours?” he asked.

“Silly question.” I said. “Of course I would!”

By now I had absolutely no control over the intermittent gushes. While I described how I would guide his hand with mine over my clit (sorry… is it okay to say that?) and through my drenched panties (which were all one dark gray color by now), and pee squirting out over both of our hands, I let it all go. I don’t know if I can find the words that can describe that moment and the orgasm that followed. But I can tell you this with certainty, to have someone want to share this with me on-line, and not only gently guide me through it, but to get as much pleasure from the experience as I did… well… “special” just doesn’t do it. Thank you my friend, from the bottom of my heart… you’ve given me a memory that’ll last a lifetime. If I could gently touch your face and take your hand in mine, and look into your eyes and smile, that’s what I would be doing right now. Thank you.

Well wetsetters… contrary to my comments in the first paragraph of this posting, I’ve decided that this is a good place to stop for now, and that I will do this as a two-parter after all. Yes… he did pee for me, but if you enjoyed Part I of “Partners Wetting On-Line”, then you will surely want to read Part II. So stay tuned, and be sure to look for “Partners Wetting On-Line, Part II, coming soon to a messageboard near you.

