My First WS Encounter

Author: Water Sport, October 1997

This a true story that took place in June 1995. Excuse my poor English. It's not my native language, so the text may have some strange spellings perhaps.

I'm a 25 year old guy living in Sweden and in this story I'm going to tell you my first (adult) ws-experience. I have some stories from my childhood too, but that's another story . . . . ;)

This one took place a warm summer evening in June '95. In May the same year I had met my girlfriend C for the first time. It was love at first sight!! (I skip out all the happy and fun things that happened between us and go straight to the watersports-related stuff. ;)

We had travelled across country to visit her parents in the southern part of Sweden (at the time me and my girl lived way up north) and when we got there it was much hotter than in the northern parts. That resulted in we wearing almost no clothes at all ;) Only shorts and small tops for the girls and shorts and no t-shirt for the guys. (Got a terrific tan, BTW :) We where screwing the summer away (as any newly met horny couple would do ;) and one day when we were pumping it away, C sad to me in a horny, warm voice, "I want you to pee in the condom . . . ."

I was strucked by lightning !! The thought of hot, oozing pee surrounding my rockhard cock made me even more horny than I was at the time screwing her.

"Okay," I said, "I'll try." But when I tried to wee deep inside her I couldn't get a single drop out of my rod, so I told her that I couldn't and she said okay, and we kept on screwing as usual. All you guys out there know how difficult it is to pee when you're cock is rock-solid . . . .

She didn't say anything else but that she wanted to try it, to feel my hot pee inside her. After that day, I couldn't get watersports out of my mind. So in the autuumn when I began at the local university (and got my first Internet-account :) I searched the web for watersports stuff. I didn't really know what watersports meant, but soon after reading _THE_ news-group I found out what it ment . . . .

I found Patches and read all the stories over and over again. Also got turned on by all the fantastic pics at Patches site. Thanks Patches for "showing" me the beautiful world of WS !! :)

Just a few weeks ago, I mentioned the pee-interest I had developed and she said it was OK !!! I thought that she would be disgusted or something, but she said it was really OK. I also told her that I got extremly turned on when I saw (and heard ;) her wee in the loo. I also have seen her standing, bending forward with her upper body, and peeing in the loo. Her golden jet spurting out from her fantastic pussy !! It was a tremendous show she put up for me, but I could tell she was really embarassed . . . . I told her that I loved it, and she said that she couldn't quit get what it was that turned me on. I tried to explain, but I couldn't put my finger on it . . . .

One evening I asked her if she wanted to see me pee in a condom, and she said that she wanted to. We went to the bathroom and I put on a condom on my bulging penis. I had prepared by drinking about two liters of water before, so I really had to pee ... BAD!!

I realaxed and started to pee. I thought her eyes would pop out of her head when she saw the condom expand!! When I had finished and was taking it off, I suddenly spilled a little on the floor.

"Oooops!" I said and threw the filled condom in the toilet.

"It's kind of messy," she said, wrinkling her nose a bit.

"Well, I couldn't stop peeing," I said. It felt so good!!

"You can't pee so much inside me," she said.

"Oh, no!!" I said. I would pee just a little bit, just a couple of spurts.

"Okay," she said, and after that I took a shower because my cock WAS kind of messy ;) Later she said, that maybe we could try it some day . . . .

We haven't experienced that day yet, and I don't wanna push her. I think it's better if she says she's ready, rather than I forcing her into WS. If anyone have any suggestions, you can mail me at ws_swede@spamblock.hotmail.com (NOTE: This e-mail address has been altered to prevent Webbots from picking up e-mail addresses to spam. If you send e-mail to Water Sport, please remove the word "spamblock" and the following period from the e-mail address before sending it.)

And yes, I have read the WS Manual but I really don't know how I can get her going WS-style . . . . Maybe I have to live with it . . . . :(

