The Origins of Infinite Capacity-8

Author: Splashfics

8. Wet Dreams

Des Pretres Sixth Form college was within spitting distance of Chandra’s aunt's three-storey town house in West London. Happy to facilitate her niece's return to formal education, Ms Brook's sister-in-law Carmela had jumped at the chance to have her stay in the spare room on the top floor of her house until the end of the school year. A selfconfessed ‘career spinster’, Carmela didn’t have children of her own and was quite happy with her life choice, but always enjoyed ‘borrowing’ them from friends and relatives occasionally.

The moment they arrived, Chandra was struck by a most impressive woman. Carmela, dazzlingly pretty in her middle age, was more beautiful than Cordelia, miles better dressed and had a bust bigger than any Chandra had ever seen. Resplendent in a jewel-encrusted blouse of midnight blue, that undulated as if by magic as she moved, Carmela warmly embraced them both at the door.

‘My, my, haven’t you grown!’ she purred. ‘Where has the time gone... Do come in! Do come in!’

She led them inside where the table was laid with ‘drinks and nibbles’.

‘We can bring your things inside later!’

Carmela's aptitude as a host was unquestionable. Chandra couldn’t remember the last time she’d been so warmly received anywhere and felt herself quickly forgetting about the friends she'd left behind and little by little becoming more enthusiastic about the new chapter she had ahead of her.

When the bags were eventually brought indoors and Chandra waved her mother goodbye after a pleasant little meal, Carmela took the opportunity to show her niece around the house. Although she lived alone, each of her rooms was full of character and seemed almost as if they too were doing their best to welcome their new resident.

‘It's going to be marvellous having you, Sweetie. You're welcome to have your friends over to visit if they fancy the trip... Of course I'll keep shtum if you want to invite your boyfriend along too?

Carmela chuckled and Chandra, suppressing a grin, felt compelled to stare at a bookshelf nearby.

‘It's really okay. But, if you don't swing that way you can always bring a girlfriend; I promise I won't tell — as long as you don't1?

Taken aback by her aunt's openness, Chandra laughed freely as they toured the second and third floors. By the time they reached the spare room where she would be staying, Chandra noticed how exhausted she was and with some gratitude, was finally allowed to retire to bed.

Entirely worn out by the simple act of brushing her teeth, Chandra hadn't even the strength to remove her clothes and flopped face-down onto a treacherously soft mattress. Without trying, she fell asleep at once and into a remarkably vivid dream...

The setting was new, but the atmosphere felt almost identical to that night which had now become etched in her memory. On this occasion Chandra found herself alone in a place she wasn't meant to be. The only light she could make out was that of a full moon pouring in silently through a tall window at the end of the chamber.

Her eyes were fixed on the glowing globe floating unnaturally large in the midnight ink, the darkness of which was broken only by the stars and thin waves of clouds, like crests on an ocean. Her heart throbbed, stirred by such beauty as she had never seen and warmth followed. It spread to the tips of her fingers and toes and then seemed to accumulate on her midriff. Soon it was unbearable. Her hips began to melt as the steamy heat condensed into a pressure that pushed its way down into her abdomen. There was no desire for explanation, only escalation. Her steaming body longed for more and as if obliging an unrelenting whim, the tension swelled, inching Chandra towards a new peak.

Not realising until that moment that she was exposed from the waist down, Chandra experienced a sudden compulsion to release all that had built up inside her. Her legs parted without thought and then pure, exquisite emotion erupted from her in a moment of unparalleled liberation. As it surged out, Chandra's passion waxed to a climax that arced high across the chamber and reached as far as the tall window on the opposing wall, crashing noisily against its panes - every wave coming plentifully and powerfully. Chandra's body was the ever-willing conduit through which this immense and unending mass of ecstasy flowed and flowed and flowed and...

She awoke with a start. There was no mistaking those sensations; she knew exactly what she had been doing in her dream. Unable to ignore a distinct sultriness between her thighs, Chandra feared she may have unwittingly done the unthinkable all over her new bedsheets and mortifying visions of having to explain this to Carmela were almost enough to paralyse her entirely, but she managed to slip a hand underneath her body to check the extent of the damage. To her giant relief, the duvet was dry. Her knickers on the other hand - far from it. After a quick feel revealed that they weren't, in fact, wet with pee, Chandra was shocked to realise the extent of her lust. 

Awash with embarrassed curiosity, her mind automatically raced back to that night, recalling the boundless relief she'd felt in the confines of her toilet stall. The excruciating awkwardness of her body's unrelenting release and the flustered reactions of all who had borne witness to it. As hard as she tried— and that wasn't very hard at all, she wasn't able to deny it. The experience had left on her an imprint of the most potent arousal and her bones now ached with a longing to experience it again.

Easing over onto her back to draw in a steadying breath, Chandra took a moment to calm down lest she risk leaking through her jeans for real. She looked around her new abode, noticing it wasn't much smaller, or larger than her bedroom back home. Carmela had kindly given the room a once-over in anticipation of her arrival and left out a few useful items to help ease her into her stay. Among those was a calendar, fastened to the wall above an old dressing table. On a whim, Chandra got up from her bed and checked the date. 

It had been three weeks since the thirtieth of November and the night of the clandestine fireworks display. Her gaze was magnetically drawn to the numbered square for that date, which displayed a circular symbol to indicate the moon phase. Upon seeing this, she recalled the seminal moment, cross-referenced starkly in her dream earlier and paused, her eyes open wide. It seemed so suddenly obvious. The next full moon would bring with it another desperate dilemma. A vibration ran through her body as the thought began to catch hold. It was one week away -Sunday the thirtieth of December was the day.

She wondered where she might be when it happened the second time. Who might be near enough to hear and what they might think. As Chandra undressed for bed, carefully placing her undergarments where they couldn't be found, she felt the first hint of nerves towards the impending event, but more preoccupied with sleep for the time being, she turned off the light and tucked herself in. In no time she was again slumbering deeply.

