The Isolated Pair

Author: Fluidity (1999-08-21 at 10:24) W#40842

It was cold and deserted as the last bus of the evening stopped at the abandoned farmhouse at Pleasant Road. Out of the bus stepped Brick Shaftson and Mira Willow.

Mira had been huddled in the back of the bus thinking about the meeting that was to take place between her and Wilbur, her boy friend of seven months. They had had a nasty argument at their last meeting and Mira knew that the relationship was over; even with one more romantic weekend, it was just a matter of formalizing the break.

Brick had been sitting at the front of the bus and had not seen Mira until she stepped out after him. He was looking forward to a weekend of erotic fun with Vera Shapely, one of the young nurses at the hospital where he was doing his residency in experimental urological surgery.

Brick smiled at Mira, who smiled shyly back, and a few words of small talk ensued. It was cold and deserted. How could they have been told by their respective friends to meet at such a bizarrely isolated location?

There, indeed, was nothing around. Outlying Road, on which the bus had driven, was narrow and paved while Pleasant Road was dirt and took off over a hill and was lost to them. The farmhouse was a hundred yards from the corner and was falling apart, deserted for decades. Not a tree or bush could be seen - just miles of knee-high wild dried grass.

Neither Brick nor Mira knew that they had been brought to this spot by persons with no intention of picking them up. Wilbur was so incensed over his last argument with Mira that he never wanted to see her again; leaving her for the night on this Godforsaken spot would teach her a good lesson. Brick had been invited to stop here by Vera, for whom Brick had been lusting for months. Vera, however, was happily married and was so put off at Brick's constant (though flattering) attention that she felt she had no choice but to put an end to it in this way. Neither Vera nor Wilbur ever imagined the there would be two left at this isolated location.

The bus dropped them at 11:02 PM and Brick expected Vera to be waiting for him, to be taken to her country home where they would be alone for the weekend. Mira was told that Wilbur would pick her up at 11:30 and take her to a nearby little inn for a night of making up.

By 11:45 both Brick and Mira were beginning to get worried. They talked about their respective friends, revealing more and more. Even Brick finally admitted that he could hardly believe it when Vera suggested a weekend tryst. By midnight the two of them had come to the same conclusion: they had been abandoned.

One thing neither had revealed to the other: their bladders were becoming uncomfortably filled. Black-haired Mira was wearing a jacket over a wool sweater and short, tight black skirt. Brick had his leather jacket over wool shirt and formfitting light-blue jeans.

Mira had been walking back and forth to keep her legs moving and pressure on her sphincter. She didn't know whether she could admit her predicament to a stranger, but no car had passed in over an hour and the likelihood of one was slim. She soon would have no choice. She tried to think of a reason for her to wander off alone but could not come with anything. Mira looked around again and despaired of having any cover except the darkness. A solitary light at the top of the telephone pole across the road was the only illumination in the black night. Mira was forced to dip into a slight curtsy to regain control of her swollen bladder; she hoped Brick did not notice, though she did see that he looked her in the eyes as they talked and seemed to view her with great pleasure. She did look her best but could not enjoy it under these circumstances.

Brick was near bursting by now after an hour of waiting. He had not concerned himself with his bladder for he expected to be at Vera's by 11:15. If he had thought of it, it would have been to anticipate with some pleasure the opportunity to tell Vera in the midst of undressing her that his stiffened cock was also holding back a flood of piss. He liked to shock his women in such a way; they usually giggled with embarrassed interest and admitted being in a similar condition (Brick having kept them from using the loo until then), which lead to some lovely encounters.

But this lovely Mira with whom Brick was caught was not being undressed by him (only in his mind) and he wasn't sure how to admit his need. He dug his hand into his pocket, and twirled around on his heels so he could squeeze his cock with his back turned. Lord, he needed a piss badly. All he would have to do is tell her and go over to that telephone pole and, even though facing her, his cock would be hidden from her view and he could whiz freely onto it.

Mira kept up a steady stream of conversation in an attempt to distract Brick from her situation while she gathered the courage to reveal it to him. She remembered from years of upbringing that a discreet young woman never admits such needs to a man for it is an invitation to be taken advantage of. She took another close look at Brick and had a wonderful shiver of desire to be taken advantage of, a feeling she tried to fight.

It was 12:40 and neither had suggested that they begin walking the ten miles (16 km) to the nearest town. It would take them over three hours and they both hoped someone would drive by. But such thoughts of rescue were only on the periphery of their concern. Both of them had to empty their bladders immediately; they had held until they could wait no longer. Mira was afraid that if she curtsied again she would give herself away. Brick knew the Mira must notice his hand in his pocket rubbing his half-stiff cock.

During a moment of silence Mira finally found the courage to say something. “Brick, forgive me…”

At the same instant Brick had begun, “I've got to tell you… Oh, go ahead”.

“No, you first,” said Mira, tears of pain and humiliation welling up in her eyes. She had to do something immediately.

Brick tried to be discreet, but the urgency of the situation left him unable to: “Well, Mira, before we take off for town, I have to piss like a race horse. I'm about to burst…”

“Oh. God, me too,” blurted out Mira, thankful for the ability to reveal her need. With relief within sight she bent over and crossed her legs in a final effort to avoid flooding herself. “I'm about to die”.

The sight of Mira bursting to wee was all Brick needed to fully stiffen his cock, hold back his painfully distended bladder, and take his attention away from that bladder toward Mira's frantic wiggling body. “You poor girl,” said Brick, solicitously and lovingly placing his hands on her arms and drawing him up toward him. “You go ahead and wee. There is no time for ceremony”.

As Brick said that he looked deeply into her dark brown eyes, and Mira just about flushed crimson with emotion. Her bladder was aching but the look in Brick's eyes was overwhelming. She began melting and could not take her eyes off of him as she rose up and placed her hands on his side under his arms, letting them slip behind him as she was drawn up close to him. “God,” Mira thought, “he is going to kiss me if I don't stop him, and I don't want to stop him. Oh, please don't let me start weeing now”.

Brick took Mira in his embrace, cradling her soft black hair in his open palm, and gently guiding her lips to his. Mira felt his erection and responded all the more erotically to his body. After a long, soft, deep embrace Brick lifted his lips from hers and drank in her soft beauty with his eyes. “Brick,” Mira softly said, “I can't wait to piss any longer. If you don't let me I'll start flooding my skirt”.

“Can I help, Sweet Lady? I'm pretty good at pulling up a skirt?” Brick softly inquired.

“Only if you hurry,” she whispered urgently. With that Mira left his embrace and dropped her handbag to the ground. Brick also dropped to his haunches and slid his hands up her thighs pulling her skirt up to her waist in one swift move. Mira was stunned at what was happeneing, bursting bladder mixing with erotic longing in a way that made her head spin, but her bladder was her first concern. She reached down, slipped her thumbs inside her pantihose and panties, and slid them down to her knees in a move worthy of Brick's effort. She simultaneously bent over, squatted down and felt her swollen bladder begin its release. Her stream began as a tiny dribble but in two seconds was gushing and splattering on the edge of the pavement, getting her ass cheeks damp with the splash. “Oh, thank heavens, that feels like bliss,” whispered Mira.

After several seconds Brick commented, “You were mighty full, Miss Mira! That is quite an impressive stream you have. I can't match it”.

Mira flushed once again at the extraordinary situation. “Why aren't you trying? I thought you were just as full”.

“You know very well why I can't pee. You felt me when I kissed you and you aren't any fifteen year old virgin. It will require either that I walk far away from you and relax, or perhaps you could help me this time to take care of my situation”.

Mira, still gushing like a river, smiled and knew exactly what Brick needed. All thoughts of Wilbur had left her mind and she looked up at Brick's crotch and the outline of his swollen member. She was going to enjoy this evening.

Just then Farmer Brown and his wife in their 1923 Humpmobile turned the corner flying down the road at its top speed of 23 miles per hour (36 kph). The view of Mira's bare white ass and her fire hose stream of urine gushing out of her pussy lips was the most erotic sight he had seen is his eighty-three years of life. His wife fainted dead away at the shock.

