The professional business woman

Author: Veronique Smith (2006-05-31)

Two weeks ago I was having lunch at a restaurant with three very important clients of my company and I noticed that my bladder was starting to fill up. I decided to ignore it and leave after dinner.

It took another half hour and I was starting to get uncomfortable. I changed my sitting position several times to take the pressure off my bladder.

After we were done, I excused myself and went to the bathroom. I love the feeling of my full bladder, but at work I'm always careful not to get in trouble in front of my clients.

There were only two stalls in the women's room, and one of them was broken. In front of me were two young women who obviously had to urgently. One stood cross-legged, very cramped, and the other clutched her crotch firmly every few seconds.

I couldn't possibly keep my customers waiting long, but I couldn't ask them to let me in front either, as they had to be absolutely urgent.

So I pinched and went back to the table. I asked for the bill and after I paid we went out to the taxi rank.

I was confident that I would make it to the office without making my now very urgent need too obvious. There I wanted to go to the toilet before the presentation.

We had to wait for a taxi and standing still at the taxi rank was no longer an easy task for me. My skirt was very tight and my bladder expanded mightily.

The taxi came and we drove back. I sat in the front and since it was a van I had enough room to cross my legs which I was very grateful for. The pressure in me increased from minute to minute and it was a great effort for me to sit still with my legs crossed, but I didn't want to appear unprofessional in front of the three gentlemen.

I was very happy to finally see our company's sign and quickly paid the driver.

As I got out and stood upright, my bladder was sending clear signs that it had reached capacity.

I led the three men into the foyer and to the elevator. The conference room is on the fifth floor, but the restrooms are on the ground floor and the fourth floor where the offices are.

I pushed the button for the fourth and fifth floors and told my customers I had to get some papers and they should wait upstairs. In truth, of course, I wanted to go to the toilet on the fourth floor, which I now urgently needed.

The moment the lift started moving I felt a sharp pain in my abdomen and it took a lot of willpower to keep my sphincter closed.

I stood with my legs together so as not to draw anyone's attention to the fact that I had to urgently, but the urge was unimaginable and I kept trying to unobtrusively shift my weight from my left to my right foot.

I got out on the fourth floor and hurried towards the toilets. Each step hurt a little and I slowed my pace a bit.

As I passed my boss's office, he called me inside. He gave me some new information I really wanted to mention later, but I couldn't concentrate because I really needed to go to the bathroom right now. It wasn't an emergency yet, but I knew I wouldn't be able to control my body much longer.

I braced myself with my arms on his desk and pressed my thighs together tightly. I rocked my body up and down to hold back the insane pressure. The conversation lasted about five minutes and I really had to go up to the conference room. But first, I knew I had to go to the bathroom or I was going to get in serious trouble.

But to my shock, my boss said he'd be right there with me, and my boss isn't someone you keep waiting, so I went straight to the conference room with him.

I didn't want my boss or the customers to notice that I was about to wet my pants and was trying to stand up straight. My bladder now hurt a lot and I was glad when we sat down at a table in the conference room for a moment.

Sitting was a great relief, but I knew I would have to get up soon to comment on the powerpoint presentation.

Also, after a short while, the tight skirt that was pressing on my bladder got worse than sitting helped.

After a short small talk, my boss gave me the signal to start and I had to get up.

My bladder groaned but I managed to stand up straight and walk to the screen almost normally. I started the presentation and explained the details of the projects presented.

Everyone could see me and I didn't want to fidget too much, but I could hardly stand still for more than a minute. To cover that up I decided to do more gestures and movements to make everything look intentional.

My bladder caused severe throbbing pain and I sometimes had to bend over and cross my legs to withstand the pressure, but I managed to make the movements look natural.

After about 20 minutes I was in absolute distress. My bladder was now totally at the limit and I sometimes had to hold my breath not to explode. I couldn't believe I was in this situation. Not with such important customers.

My presentation was becoming more and more faltering, but there were only two more pictures to show and I hoped I could make it.

A spasm shook my body and I got goosebumps on my arms, but somehow I was able to regain control of my body.

The last picture was discussed and I wanted nothing more than to leave the room and go to the toilets. Walking would hardly have been possible, and the customers still had a few questions that I had to answer. I took a step back and leaned my butt against a desk and crossed my legs.

I had to pee like never before. I shifted on the edge to put pressure on my urethra. Normally I would have pressed my hand between my legs right now to avoid peeing my pants. Oh man I had to pee! But I couldn't and wasn't allowed to do that in front of these important customers, I told myself. I pulled one leg up so I could squeeze my heel between my legs to take the pressure off. I had to so badly, but desperately I did everything to hold it back. I leaned forward a bit, but it didn't help much. My muscles were screaming for relief and I could feel a few drops coming out every second. I was seconds away from peeing my pants.

When I wanted to answer another question, I felt a new, even stronger spasm and I froze. I answered with a tight voice. Now the customers were arguing amongst themselves and I was tipping over from one foot to the other, unable to hide my predicament anymore. Oh I needed to pee so badly and these stupid customers were arguing for what seemed like forever. When a customer looked at me, I tried again with all my strength to stand still. My legs close together. Sweat ran down my forehead.

But I couldn't hold it anymore. I lost a few drops and felt my thong getting wet. I crossed my legs and the customer asked the next question. I knew I couldn't hold it much longer and said in a weak, almost shaky voice that I needed to go to the bathroom.

They said it was the last question and I pulled myself together and tried to answer. A new spasm ran through my abdomen. A short pause then the next. Each time it was a painful act to tense my muscles and I groaned audibly. I tried to answer anyway. I started the sentence, but again a new cramp and I pressed my hand from behind between my legs, hoping that no one would see it, tensed all my muscles and stood there absolutely motionless for a few seconds. Tears came to my eyes. I had managed to prevent the catastrophe one last time, but I knew I would only have a few seconds left before I would totally embarrass myself. It must have been a funny allegation for my clients and I heard myself saying in a totally tense voice in pain:

"My mmhhaaahh gentlemen, I have to mmh..." I held my breath to resist another spasm, squeezed my hand between my legs as hard as I could and continued: '...PISSING mmh... Ahh! Right now!" Normally I would never have said pee, but I just didn't care anymore because I couldn't think straight anymore. I just had to pee right away.

In desperation, with all my willpower and a little bit of pride, I managed to take my hand out of my crotch so as not to embarrass myself completely and left the room with totally stiff legs. Outside, I immediately pressed one hand from the front and one from the back between my legs and pulled up with all my strength. A tear ran down my cheek. I shifted cautiously from one leg to the other and knew that I would never make it to the toilet again, because more drops were already making their way through my labia. I had to pee IMMEDIATELY. Immediately and not a second later. I hopped to a large potted plant about ten feet away, which I somehow managed with the last of my strength without further leaks, pulled my skirt up and just managed to pull my thong to the side before a powerful jet erupted. About three minutes later I was deflated.

I saw that my skirt wasn't damaged, but my shoes and the carpet were. I took off my shoes and wiped them on the carpet. Then, blushing, I went back into the conference room and asked if there were any more questions. Everyone smiled mildly and understandingly.

And I was glad I wasn't totally exposed. We talked a bit more and an hour later I realized I had to do it again, excused myself and went straight to the bathroom. I didn't want to push my luck too hard.

