Chapter #08

Author: Wendy (1998-10-26 at 14:12)

This may be a bit 'retro', but I felt I should fill you in on my first 'wet' fling. This was with the girl I mentioned earlier, the one with whom I exchanged wet-in panties under the restroom partition.

Her name was Helen, but everyone knew her as Elly. We met in the 6th grade and were instant friends. We shared everything, even clothing. We often stayed over night at each other's homes and spent many hours discussing boys, etc.

For nearly a year our relationship stayed sexually neutral. We both went from 12yrs old to being teenagers. Both knew the wonder, pride and discomfort of budding breasts. And we both experienced the onset of menses together. We were only two months apart in age and neither of us had a sister. So, knowing each other was a God-send. The only big difference was that I, of course was a Catholic, whereas she was Protestant. This led to no end of interesting and often amusing arguments. My sexually repressed childhood verses her much more open and liberal upbringing.

It all changed, though, one warm summer evening when we were about thirteen and a half. It was a Friday night and my parents were off to a social function, so Elly and I had the house to ourselves. She was staying over and we had retired to my bedroom about 9:30pm. It was sultry out and ours was not an air-conditioned home. Luckily my bedroom was on a corner of the house and I had two windows, one on either wall. Both were wide open and the shades up, to allow the maximum amount of the scant airflow. We were down to our panties and bras to help keep cool. So, we left the lights off and sat facing one another on my bed. My bed was near the East window and a newly risen, full August moon filled the room with silvery light. We could see each other and most of the room quite well. But my neighbors could not tell that the room was occupied. I can still remember the topic of discussion that changed everything between us.

We were daring each other to tell the sexiest secret that we knew…trying to shock the other. Most of it had been pretty lame kid's stuff for the first twenty minutes or so. Then Elly told me that she and her older brother sometimes played show-and-tell, house and doctor, together. I told her that I had done the same with other kids in my old neighborhood, before moving to B.C. Then she threw in the clinker. They had also masturbated together. And it had not just been them doing it in front of each other. They had actually been doing it to each other! I was really shocked. I mean her brother was like 15yrs. Old, nearly sixteen. And he was her brother! Now I know this is dumb, but remember I was just a kid. I asked her if she weren't afraid of getting pregnant. She giggled and said that they weren't actually doing the 'big' it! Just touching and rubbing each other. 

I asked if he wanted to watch her pee, like the boys did in my old neighborhood. She said sure and she watched him pee too. She admitted that she even held it and aimed for him. (This, last part, really made me tingle in my bottom. I had had persistent fantasies of doing just that with a boy.) Not to be a complete loser in our little game of shocking stories, I told her all about the games we used to play. I even told her that I had actually pooped in the diapers during that game of house. She squealed at that one. Then she told me how she had gone off into the woods with her brother to poop for him. I was still losing this battle. So I gulped down my embarrassment and related the story of my panty pissing and wet masturbation, of the previous summer, at camp.

Elly was quiet for a moment. Then she took hold of my hand and asked me if I'd think we were lesbians, or something, if we were to wet our panties together and masturbate in front of each other. I didn't know what to say. She went on to say that she just thought it would be fun; and that technically, if we didn't actually touch each other, we wouldn't be lesbians. A thousand conflicting feelings flooded through me. Guilts by the hundred, curiosity, desires and some very pleasant memories. Then the worst dread of all popped up. And, under the circumstances, I had to confess it to her. I told her about the fact that I felt that I might already be lesbian. She asked how? Had I had that kind of thing with another girl? I said, “no!”

I had never done anything with anybody…just those kid's games. It was just that I sometimes thought about holding a naked girl against me and kissing her a lot, when I masturbated. She said that was pretty normal. But I couldn't believe that. I told her how, when we had stripped down together and compared our breast development and the length of our slits, or the amount of crotch hair we were growing, I got a kind of tingly feeling. And that I had to sneak off and masturbate afterwards. I let her know that I got really turned on when I wet myself and probably would if she did that too. That when I masturbated, I would want to be thinking of her…and wanting to touch her. I said that I felt perfectly terrible about this and that she could go home if she thought I was a pervert. I looked down at the few inches of bed sheet separating our knees and felt as if it were miles. Then I noticed that she had never let go of my hand as I'd confessed all that.

There was an uncomfortable period of silence, at least for me. I couldn't bring my eyes up from the bed. Then I heard Elly whisper, “Wendy?” I looked up. She was almost glowing in the moonlight. There was a single tear moving slowly down her cheek and her chest heaved ever so lightly with nearly inaudible sobs. She took a ragged breath and asked, “do you really feel that way about me?” I felt myself flush with embarrassment and knew not how to respond. I prayed the night hid my reaction.

But I nodded my head to show that I did feel that way. She whispered, “really?” I finally found my voice and, very quietly, responded, “yes.” Her hand tightened against mine and she pulled me slowly over to her. We were into each other's arms, after an awkward moment of uncertain hesitation. And we were both crying. I felt her tears on my bare shoulder. And I became very aware of her warmth. I wanted to comfort her and never let go of her. And, in the all too easy way a child does, I fell desperately in love with her.

I've no idea how long we stayed like that. I do know that, when we broke apart, we were no longer the same little girls who had been 'best' friends. We still had hold of each other's hands and our faces were but a couple of inches apart. When I met her eyes, I felt myself falling in a slow-motion dive toward a place that was so indistinct that I wasn't even sure what to think. She parted her lips slightly and moved hesitantly toward my. I'd seen it in the movies and I knew what to do. We spent the next half-hour experimenting with various forms of kissing and intermittently giggling until our sides hurt.

The amount of tension released during that thirty minutes could have powered an ocean liner! Once we caught our collective breath, we went to the frig for a soda. On the way back I felt a strange pulling sensation across my nipples. I looked down and that at Elly. I asked her if her nipples had gotten hard, too. She put her free hand to her bra and smiled at me. When we were back in my room she took my hand and put it to her breast. I could feel her nipple through the material and it sent a surge of warmth and giddiness through me. Without being bid, Elly felt my breasts with both hands and announced that we apparently were both lesbians. I reddened a moment, then we both burst out laughing. We went into each other's arms again and in a moment were kissing. Only this time there was more insistence (more passion) in the kisses.

We felt each other's breasts as we kissed. And, finally breaking away (needing air). Elly looked at me a little shyly, hesitated, and finally asked, “where can we wet our panties?”

I gave an audible gasp and said, “you really want to?”

“Oh, yes, very much,” she said. “Would it be safe to go out back and do it in the yard, in the moon light? I want to do it just like you said you did it…only the two of us together!” I felt that falling sensation again. Then I said, “I love you Elly. Come on.” I took her hand and led the way. Going out the back door, after scanning the area to be sure there was no one to see, Elly asked me if I really meant it. I said that I really did love her. She stopped me on the porch and pulled me close.

She kissed me quickly and said that she loved me, too. Then we were out on the grass and cuddling in the moonlight. We kissed some more, probably to mask our nervousness. Then I said that there was something wrong. Elly pulled back and asked what. I said, with mischief in my smile, that I hadn't any breasts when Id' done this at camp. “So?” asked Elly. So, I hadn't worn a bra… So, we shouldn't be wearing bras. She glanced around uncomfortably, then said smugly, “you were wearing a T-shirt; you said so!”

“Well, its too warm for shirts. Besides, do you want to go back in to get em?” She finally caught on and began to feel the same naughtiness I felt. She unhooked and doffed her little bra without another word. I did the same. For a moment we just admired each other in the moonlight. Then I tentatively reached over and lightly brushed her nipple with my fingertips. It came instantly erect at my touch, and she shuddered slightly. The thrill effected both of us. She touched me in the same way, with the same reaction.

Then she pulled my gently to her so that our nipples just touched. We moved ever so gently, brushing them against one another. Both sets got super hard and, as they brushed past each other, they kind of sprang back. It felt electrifying. And, being out in a suburban back yard almost naked, magnified each feeling. The intensity was such that you could have cut it into segments and packaged it! We spent the next few moments wrapped in each other's arms, kissing again. Then Elly stood back and said impishly, “I thought we came out here to pee? Or, are you gonna chicken out?”

I looked her squarely in the eye and asked, “who's first?”

“I don't know…let's do it together.” So I took her by both hands (facing one another) and stepped back until our arms were straight out and we could see each other full length. Then I spread my legs and had her do the same. “How badly do you have to go,” I asked? She closed her eyes in thought and said that she was pretty full. I watched her strain and saw the muscles of her abdomen contract. I waited to see if she was really going to do it. She strained again, then looked at me and shrugged apologetically. I told her to just relax and let it happen. 

Then I relaxed until I could feel myself on the brink of going and I said, quietly, “watch.” I let it happen for a bit, just a short stream that soaked through my panty crotch and dripped down onto the grass for a moment. “See?” Elly saw, and her hands tightened their grip on mine. “Oh, wow! You do it so easily!” At that I let out another stream, this time a little longer and stronger. We could hear it hissing and some of it ran down my thighs. This elicited an involuntary shiver from me and Elly reacted with an almost purring sound. I said, “no more from me. It's your turn.” She started to strain again, then said, “oh” and relaxed. In fact she almost went limp. Her head lolled to one side (eyes closed) and her arms hung from my hands. She let her legs loosen enough that her knees bent a little. 

And then it happened! There was no beginning drips, or even a squirt. It just all started gushing from her in a monster deluge! Her volume was such that there wasn't even that short pause for her panties to absorb the first surge. Piss cascaded through her panties as if she weren't wearing any, instantly making wide rivers down both her thighs. It was spellbinding to see and it made me quiver all over with desire.

She let loose a heavy sigh and said, “Oh, my Gawd!” (I silently agreed.) And she just kept going. It was a true waterfall, complete with the sound of a garden faucet. It took ages! Finally she stopped, almost as suddenly as she had started. And her head gave that cute little jerk to one side you sometimes see babies do just as the finish comes in their diaper. I was in awe. I'd never imagined such a display, even in my lewdest fantasies. I mean that horses would have turned away in shame. After savoring all the newfound feelings a moment, Elly finally opened her eyes and smiled at me.

“How'd I do?”

“Awesome,” I croaked. I asked her how she felt. She told me it was all I had said it would be, and that she felt really wicked, even depraved. I giggled at that and I told her that I was not yet finished being depraved. She actually squatted down for a better view and told me to let her rip. I mumbled something to the effect that I'd never be able to do what I'd just witnessed and then I let go with all I had left. And I purposely pushed it out as hard as I could! My pee came in, what for me, was a torrent and the flow soaked my legs down to, and including, my feet. As I grew empty, I realized that I was pushing so hard that I was nearly on the verge of pooping! I eased off and finished and then experienced my own little shiver.

I looked at Elly. She was watching the last of my yellow rain as it made trails down my thighs. I pulled her to me and kissed her, long and with gentle passion. Then I whispered to her that we were really a couple of bad girls. She giggled and said, “yeah, ain't it delicious?” I said, “let's get inside, before someone sees use.” And we ran, hand in hand, for the door. On the porch Elly stopped abruptly and told me to wait. She ran back out into the yard and was back in a moment with our bras!

“That would have been hard to explain!” I giggled and grabbed mine and we went in.

Once again in my bedroom, we fell into each other's arms, giggling, flushed and out of breath. As things calmed down we became more aware of our semi-nakedness and the drops of pee still coursing down our thighs. The kissing began again, this time in earnest. When time for a breath came, I locked eyes with Elly and slowly brought a hand down to the front of her panties. I applied enough pressure to feel all of the wetness there, but gently enough so that she wouldn't think I was being too aggressive. She responded by pushing her groin toward me, raising her pubic area slightly. My fingers slipped between her thighs and onto the soaked crotch of her panty. I felt hesitant, unsure of just what to do.

I guess I fumble around some. She brought her own hand down there and pressed it onto mine, then started to move her bottom back and forth against me. She whispered, “just do what you'd do to yourself.” I was so tense by then that I thought I might get sick. But, her simple and loving words put me more at ease. I knew she wanted this as much as me. As I began to seek out her slit and the clit I knew it protected, she let go of my hand and gently touched me, down there. Once we managed to establish a mutually pleasurable rhythm, we started kissing again. This time we were experimenting with touching tongues and our free hands were finding breasts to fondle. It was all pretty clumsy, but horniness managed to gradually take over our trepidations.

Soon we were sitting on the bed and trying to love in that position. That's when Elly jumped up and said, “oh, shit!” I wondered what I'd done. She bent over and put a hand on my mattress. “We're getting your bed all wet!” I stood, saying, “oh,” with undisguised relief. That reminded me about the naughtiness we'd done in the back yard and increased my randiness I put my hand back between her thighs and rubbed her still damp crotch. And said, with a devil's smile, that we'd just have to get completely naked. And with that said, I took her panties down to her feet, where she stepped out of them.

I asked her to do the same for me and she complied with slow deliberation. We got back onto the bed and lay in each other's arms and began to make love again. With no damp material to get in the way, we were able to, much more readily, explore and stimulate one another. It was only a few moments before lips were spread and vaginas were probed. Everything was hot and slippery. The excitement built in trembling surges. When we found each other's clits, things went ballistic! Our breathing got erratic and the bed was wet with perspiration. We were wreathing together like mating boas, while the bed knocked against the wall. (I'll always thank all the gods that my parents were held up that night. It was past the time they said they'd be home. And, in our state, we'd not have heard them…But they'd have heard us!)

How long we were able to maintain that level of sexual intensity, I'll never know. A guess is anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes. When it finally happened, we climaxed almost together. I don't know who came first, or who finished last. I just remember our surprise and joy after it was over. After all they were only little girl orgasms. We had quite some time and a lot of practice before we finally learned how to reach way down and really let it all go. But, then…that's another story. Isn't it?

