The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (10-12)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'09)

(Debbie's responses to the fantasy story)

Debbie ten

Dear Aquavite,

I just got your letter [above] and the pictures. When I read about how you'd take me to that beach I started to get real turned on. I really liked that! You pick out my dress, bra, and panties and then make me let people look up my dress at my panties and then I take my dress off and then my bra off and I'm just in my panties and you take pictures and everyone watches. I loved it so much that it started to make me wet. And on the way to the beach are you gonna take advantage of me and slide my dress up in the car and start touching me through my panties until there wet and then stop at the gas station and take me into the mens room and undress me down to my bra and panties and touch me even more with other guys watching and then lift my dress in the parking lot with other guys watching? And if I'm gonna be topless in just my panties with you at the beach what will you be wearing?

Are you gonna fully clothed or in your underwear? And what kind of underwear would it be? Or would you be bottomless?! Either way I bet I'd be totally wet if I saw you lying next to me on the beach in just your underwear or nothing at all. Especially if I could see you were aroused. And then maybe when no one was looking I could stick my hand down your underpants and make you wet them! Or did you have in mind that we'd go to a regular beach and you'd wear your bathing suit or be fully clothed but make me strip down to just my panties with everyone watching?! I think I like that even better!

And if I told you I really had to use the little girls room would you let me go or would you make me stand there and wet my panties infront of you and all those people? I want you to tell me in detail exactly what you'd make me wear (color dress, how short, bra, style of panties, lace, bows, flowers?) and where we'd go and what we'd do on the way and what you'd be wearing and what you'd make me do in public, OK? Be real descriptive. This will be fun!

Poor Sara. I think she wets the bed more than I do. I'll write about me wetting the bed when I have more time OK? It used to kinda bother me a little but now I like it that all this turns you on. Just curious but do you masterbate after reading my letters or thinking about me? If so, what are you thinking about me doing when you masterbate?

Those don't look like little girlish panties to me that Suzis wearing. When I think of little girlish panties I think of cute frilly lace along the sides and top, bows infront, flowers or hearts or pokadots. Maybe thats because thats what my mom used ot buy for me so thats what I always used to wear. And Dave still dresses me that way today to which I like.

So Sara's going with you on vacation? OK then maybe when you go hiking you can find a place where theres not to many people around and tell her to take her shorts off and give them to you and make her hike back in just her sweatshirt and panties and try to hide when other people come by but don't ever give her shorts back. Wouldn't that be fun?!

I thought you didn't like hearing about the times I got spanked. OK then I'll tell you about the times I wet my panties and got spanked which will be easier because everytime Dave finds out I had an accident he spanks me.

Yes I keep the pictures on my PC at work but only the ones I like. The others I've already deleted. I kept the pictures of Joanne and Sara and the girl on the bike and jane Seymore and the cute girl in the cute white panties. I already saw the picture of Joanne. Her bra looks real cute. I think thats so great that she feels feminine enough to wear her bra and panties to the beach. And girls bathing suits are so expensive so its really smart to. I love BEACH33!! Its my favorite picture so far! Even better than my other favorites of Jane Seymore and Sara tieing her shoes. Her panties are so cute and are exactly what I wear. White string bikini with flowers! They look so cute on her and she doesn't even know that your looking! And she even kinda looks like me, at least her hair does. I can't see her face. Do you know her to? Does she wet her panties like Sara and Joanne? Is that what you'd make me strip down to at the regular beach?! Shame on you for taking advantage of me like that!

BEACH 38A and 42A you already sent. I don't like there panties so much. 

I better go because I'm still at work and now I'm really late and I get in trouble with Dave when I get home late.

###

Debbie eleven

Dear Aquavite,

I loved the story and I can't wait to hear the next part. You really did a good job describing me. How I get totally turned on by knowing my panties are innocently showing and guys can see and how I wear panties under my tennis skirt and how wet I get and how I sometimes have accidents. I really felt like I was reading about me.

My favorite parts were how you could see through my short night shirt when I opened the door because thats real innocent. But in real life I don't wear a night shirt except when its cold. Dave has me wear just panties to bed. But your right if someone was at the door I would put on a night shirt or something. I loved how you picked out my bra and panties. Dave used to sometimes do that for me but he doesn't anymore. And I loved how you picked the dress so that everyone could see my panties through it. But I've never liked wearing see through panties. Maybe that's because deep down inside I'm really kind of shy.

None of my silk or nylon panties are see through. I just think there prettier that way. Anyway, when I pictured you picking out my clothes and I'm in the shower I thought I wonder if he's gonna look through my laundry basket to find my panties and check if I've had any accidents during the week. I bet you'd do that wouldn't you? It's a good thing Dave doesn't do that or I'd be in trouble more often. And my favorite part of all was when you dressed me like a little girl! That started to make me wet! I don't know why but it made me feel so little girlish and innocent.

Oh and I don't really have a pubic patch because Dave likes me to shave and I like it better to. Sorry. I also loved the part when the truck driver saw my panties and saw you touching me through them and especially how the guy at the beach was watching us with my dress up and my panties showing. I probably shouldn't say this but that made me want to undo your jeans and touch you through your underpants! It really did. But I want you to think that I'm a good girl so I won't say anymore about that.

So what happens next? Do you undress me? Are the other guys watching? I bet I won't make it to the toilet on time right? I guess thats OK because you won't spank me. When we leave the beach when do I get ot put my dress back on? How many other people are gonna see my panties?

I'm not dressed very sexy today. I'm wearing dark blue pants, kinda thin, and a white and blue striped blazer. Underneath I'm wearing a white bra and white silk string bikini panties from Victorias Secret (I just checked both).

I'll try to write to you tomorrow to tell you about an accident I had but I better go now so that I get home on time.

###

(Debbie twelve)

Dear Aquavite,

...this is a good time to write. So you wanted another story and I guess I'll tell you about the time I had an accident at the football game instead of when I wet the bed at the hotel Dave and I were staying at because I think you'll like the football game one better.

It happened probably 5 years ago and I don't remember all the details but I'll do my best. I was still going to X University but not doing very well in my classes because it was really hard. But on saturdays we'd all go to the football games and it was alot of fun. We'd get there pretty early maybe 2 or 3 hours before the game started and just hang out and eat and drink.

Usually right before we entered the stadium I'd feel like I had to go and there was only one real bathroom outside but lots of those disgusting portable toilets set up. The line to the bathroom was always so long and there was no way I was gonna use the portable toilets so I'd just wait until we got inside and then use the little girls room then. I had done that a few times and it was never really a problem. I had maybe a few mini accidents but that was it. This one game was real crowded (I think it was against Uxx or somebody really good) and it took forever to get seats. So when we finally sat down the game had just started and it was real exciting so I kinda forgot about using the toilet even though I had to go since I hadn't gone since early that morning.

So we were watching the game and later I thought about going to use the toilet but I didn't want to miss anything so I asked the guy I was with (I wasn't with Dave back then) when would be a good time to go to the little girls room and he said to just wait till half time which wasn't much longer. Oh I remember I was wearing a short blue denim skirt, cute white socks and white tennis shoes. Underneath I was wearing white flowered string bikini panties, nylon I think (sorry). I don't remember what top I was wearing but it was probably a half t-shirt because I used to wear those alot back then and of course a bra.

So by half time I really had to go bad so I went to the little girls room and I couldn't believe the line. There must have been 20 girls infront of me. So I thought maybe I could hold it so I waited in line. After a while the girl next to me said you have to go pretty bad don't you and I said yes and that I just hope I don't start wetting my panties and she said me to and if I think I can't hold it I'm just gonna use the mens room because theres no line there. I've actually used the mens room before because I had to go so bad but I don't like to do that because the guys always make comments and the stalls are not very clean. But I was so desperate to go that I decided to just go to the mens room like she said because I knew I couldn't hold it anymore. I ran over there and was dreading the comments from the guys but then I felt myself go a little and I knew I had no choice. But it was only a mini accident so no big deal.

When I walked in the mens room they started saying stuff but the problem was that there were a few guys waiting to use the stalls so I had to wait behind them. The other guys kept saying stuff and I tried to ignore them and hold it in. Then one of the stalls opened and the first guy went in so I moved over and when I did that I felt myself go again and this time it was more then before. I felt like any minute I was going to have an accident right there so I asked the guy infront of me if I could go before him but he was a real jerk and said why should I and I told him because I'm about to start wetting my panties and he laughed and said out loud to everyone else hey this girls about to wet her panties and then they started saying more stuff like go for it and lets watch her.

Then one guy said if all you got to do is pee then just use the urinal like the rest of us and they all laughed. I was holding my legs together and then the other stall opened and the jerk guy went in and said to me your not getting in here. Then I had another mini accident and I could feel that my panties were now real wet and knew in any second I was gonna start going. I didn't want my skirt to get wet because then the guys in our group would know I wet myself and that would be real embarrassing. I had another mini accident so thats when I decided to try using one of the urinals. I didn't really think about though because I started going so I just rushed over there. I turned around with my back to the wall and sat on it and started lifting my skirt in back. The problem with denim skirts is that you can't just lift the back because when you lift the back the front comes up to.

So I lfted my skirt and they could all see my panties and then realized I can't slip my panties down infront of all these guys! I didn't know what to do so I just sat there with my skirt up and started crying and watched myself wet my panties. Of course all the guys gathered around and started whistling and saying things like take it off and look she's peeing in her panties and they were laughing. I was so embarrassed and upset I just wanted to finish and get out of there.

I remember a couple other girls had come in by that time and were just staring at me. They probably thought I was crazy but what was I supposed to do. I didn't want the back of my skirt to get soaked and I couldn't take my panties off and expose myself infront of all those guys and my panties were wet anyway. So I finished wetting my panties and then ran out of there and pulled my skirt down. I didn't even try to wipe my panties off because I was so upset. But I didn't bring a clean pair of panties to change into so I had to wear them wet the rest of the day. I stood outside for a while and cried and remember people walking by and staring at me but I eventually calmed down and wiped my tears away and went back to our seats.

When I got back to our seats I knew as soon as I sat down my skirt was gonna get wet so I sat down quickly and tried to quietly gather my skirt up in back so I wouldn't be sitting on it but then I looked down and my panties were showing infront and they were yellow so I had to pull it back down again so I stretched it down just far enough to cover my panties infront. So I kept it up in back a little and I had it pulled down infront with one hand for most of the rest of the game.

Occasionally I would clap for a good play and it would slide back up so I'd have to pull it back down right away. I'm sure some of the guys around me must have been able to see my panties at times but that was OK as long as they didn't know I wet them. Some of the others could tell I'd been crying and asked if I was OK and I told them everything was fine though I think 2 of my closer girl friends could tell what had happened. I just didn't even want to talk about it because I didn't want the guys to know anything.

After that it never really came up because the guys were so into the game that they didn't really notice anything weird or at least they didn't say anything to me. But as we were leaving one of my girl friends asked me if I wet my panties and I told her the whole story. She was shocked but laughed about it which made me feel a little better. She said she's never used the mens room and probably never will after what happened to me. I asked her how she knew and she said because she could tell I had cried and then she saw that my panties were wet because she was sitting a few rows infront of me and could see my panties even though I was holding my skirt down and also the back of my skirt was a little wet. So I don't know who else could tell but I didn't even want to find out. This time and my accident at McDonalds were probably the worst times I've ever wet my panties because so many people saw. So that's my story and I hope you liked it.

You sent me some pictures last week. BEACH96 is nice because she has pretty nice panties. BEACH97 is OK. You said this one reminds you of me but her panties look really tight and uncomfortable. I don't wear my panties that tight. I like it when they gather a little at my bottom. It also helps them to dry better when I have a mini accident. But the problem is that they sometimes ride up because of that. I can't believe I tell you this stuff. Anyway you probably like panties that are really tight don't you?

I'd better go. 
