Queen of the Hills - Episode Three

Author: Splashfics

Part 3

Memories of Cordelia’s exploits during freshers’ week kept Ruby’s heart throbbing long after the fun and games had come to a conclusion. In due course, the non-stop partying and consecutive nights of drinking gave way to a more scholarly schedule and Ruby eventually came to find herself spending far less time with her room-mates as the weeks passed.

Studying alone in the University library one Friday afternoon, or at least pretending to do so, Ruby cast her mind back over her first two months living in Camber Hills. Though she was reading Human Biology, it was the biology and habits of one particular superhuman that had captured her imagination - and as was her habit, her thoughts soon began to drift. With a glance over each shoulder, she pulled from her bag a plain notebook and flipped it open on the desk...

The very moment Cordelia had walked out the door of the suite that Friday morning in October, Ruby had taken to counting the minutes, hours and eventually the days that passed while her room-mate was away. Expecting to see her in the evening, Ruby had been disappointed when she didn’t show up again for the rest of the day and again the following day, but as excited as she was when she finally returned on Sunday night - wearing an entirely new outfit - Ruby rued not having been able to keep an eye on her in the meantime... Asking upfront if she’d been for a pee since Friday was never going to happen and even if she’d had the guts to ask her, Cordelia went straight to bed that night, so there wasn’t even the time. It wasn’t until Monday morning that Ruby got her answer, and she received it in resounding fashion. Awoken yet again by the almighty rumble of an enormous bladder being emptied, Ruby knew from the sheer might and duration of this third great morning pee, that

Cordelia had indeed kept her legs crossed and her bladder sealed all weekend - evidently, old habits died hard.

While she didn’t quite surpass the fifteen incredible minutes of the previous week, it was obvious to Ruby that Cordelia hadn’t visited a toilet in the past three days. Whatever the reason for this, it was beginning to seem that she had a preference for using her own toilet and indeed, some three days later, Ruby was made privy to another all-powerful downpour from their shared en-suite. Without doubt, a pattern was forming and before long, Ruby had taken to noting down the times, dates and durations of every single occasion she happened to catch

Cordelia, as well as all the days in between. In no time it became a burning obsession and the innards of Ruby’s secret notebook soon turned into a rich and detailed archive spanning almost ten weeks.

Passing her eyes over the pages and pages of wonderful data was like reliving every moment in turn, each individual hold preserved like a cherished memory in the vault of her mind. Over two and a half months, Cordelia had proved beyond any possible doubt that she possessed a bladder of unrivalled capacity and unwavering strength. As such, Ruby had yet to witness a single instance of desperation from her roommate, and this was a fact that kept the fire of curiosity burning strongly inside her even now. In spite of the relative rarity of Cordelia’s trips to the toilet, to date, she still appeared ever so comfortably within her limits and quite some way off the borders of her self-control.

Surely before the end of term it has to happen... Surely, just once, I’llget to see her reach her limit...

Ruby took a deep breath and decided to pack away her things. There was no point trying to get any more work done today, especially with her thoughts now running wild. Also, given that it was effectively the start of reading week, her schedule would be clear of lectures until the second week of December. In any case, Cordelia was due back at the dormitory in around an hour's time, and having not heard her use the toilet all week, there was every reason for Ruby to get a move on...

Bracing against the elements, Ruby managed to zip across the frosty grounds and back up into the hills without bumping into a single soul. All the better, she thought, as of course time was of the essence, but as she finally entered the grand, warm interior of Camber Manor and set foot on the main staircase, she was compelled to stop dead in her tracks. Somewhere in the vicinity, she heard what sounded like Connie’s voice saying her name and after spinning around to confirm, deduced her presence in the nearby common room. Connie was talking excitedly in a group of people and not a moment later, Ruby heard mention of Cordelia’s name as well.

‘I’ll introduce them to you when they get in— they’ll definitely be up for tonight!’

The rest of the voices, whose faces Ruby could not see, but who she gathered were Connie’s suitemates, seemed to be geeing themselves up for whatever activity they’d planned later. One voice however was noticeably pensive.

‘Cordelia?’

‘Yeah, Cordelia Finegold. Why?’

‘No, it’s just. I’m sure I met someone with that name once... Gosh, you’d think with a name that fancy I’d have no trouble remembering where...’

Connie laughed.

‘She’s fancy all right! A real special case if I ever met one...’

Ruby couldn’t tell whether or not Connie was being sarcastic, but decided then to stop eavesdropping and make her presence known. Connie soon spotted her in the doorway and she stood up right away.

‘Ooh! Ooh Ruby! This is perfect, come and sit with us!’

Beckoning her over, Connie cleared a space on the sofa between herself and the one girl Ruby had never seen before. Sadie, as Connie introduced her, was visiting for the weekend and would be staying on the Emerald wing as Connie’s guest.

‘We’ve got a free bed over reading week, so it works out perfectly!’

Sadie flashed a smile at Ruby as if she couldn’t wait to get to know her. While Ruby was happy to be introduced, she didn’t want to be tied up so long that she missed Cordelia coming back from her lectures. She needn’t have worried though, as over the next hour Connie and her friends made such a racket that each one of Ruby’s returning suite-mates popped their heads into the common room door, curious as to what was going on. In turn, each was drawn into the boisterous conversation and just like on their first afternoon in Camber Manor, they pulled up some chairs and all settled into a large circle.

Having come straight from campus, Ruby was sure none of her three room-mates had been able to stop to go to the toilet, so it was no surprise that Lauri nipped away shortly after arriving. It was also unsurprising that neither Vanessa nor Cordelia had any such issue and sat down without even removing their coats.

Ruby soon felt her juices begin to flow, as when the common room bar was opened on the stroke of six, Connie stood up and offered to buy everybody a round. A cheer went around the circle and both Vanessa and Cordelia gratefully took advantage of the generous offer.

Three drinks later, Lauri had returned from the toilet, gone again, come back, and looked ready to excuse herself a third time, yet Vanessa and Cordelia hadn’t budged. According to Ruby’s notebook, her room-mate was going on five days without peeing, but there she sat, casually enjoying a crimson Snakebite from a tall glass as if the gallons inside her bladder were of no significance whatsoever. Five days was supposed to be her maximum, but as far as Ruby could tell, if Connie hadn’t called time, Cordelia would have spent the rest of the night wedged into the sofa drinking pint after pint of beer and cider cocktails.

With a slap of her thighs, Connie grabbed everyone’s attention and declared that they up the ante.

‘Let’s go into town and make a proper night of this!’

Using Sadie as an added incentive, the group was swiftly convinced of her plan and the next minute they were finishing off their drinks and heading upstairs to make a quick pit stop before setting off. Unlike some others, Ruby was most certainly in need of a pee before she left and she relieved herself at considerable length, having consumed a number of pints of her own.

If my bladder’s this full, then what about Cordelia’s...

The thought always gave Ruby a thrill. She’d lost track of the number of times she’d had to empty her bladder over the past week, and as she sat there, breaking her own personal peeing record, she knew it was a mere fraction of what Cordelia was likely holding.

And she's not even desperate!

Shuddering to a halt, Ruby finished peeing and freshened herself up in the mirror. She figured Cordelia might like to use the bathroom at some point, but when she re-entered the bedroom, Cordelia had simply gotten herself ready and was waiting in the sitting room. Not even taking the opportunity to use the bathroom now it was free, she remained seated and only finally uncrossed her legs and stood up when Lauri and Vanessa were ready.

Already well-oiled from their earlier drinks, the girls decided to dance the night away in a club in the heart of the student district. Despite their inebriation, they were by no means deterred from buying a few mixers at the bar and with bottles in hand, they took straight to the dance floor.

Ruby couldn’t take her eyes off Cordelia. The way she moved so effortlessly, throwing her hair around and dancing without a single care, it defied all logic. But hidden, somewhere underneath the long, flowing fabric of her blouse, Ruby knew Cordelia was holding onto an unfathomable burden. The rhythmic bass pulsed through the speakers in time with Ruby’s beating heart and eventually she felt the need to stop dancing entirely, such was the strength of emotion running through her. Taking her eyes off Cordelia for a moment, she noticed Sadie looking her way and so tried to act nonchalant.

‘Are you okay?’ Sadie shouted over the loud music.

Feeling suddenly under the spotlight, Ruby deflected her attention by claiming she was no good at dancing, then awkwardly shifted her eyes back towards Cordelia. Following her gaze, Sadie too cast her eyes in that direction and grinned.

‘Your friend is sooo good at dancing! Gosh! Where have I seen her before!’

Ruby grinned back and shrugged, then Connie caught sight of the pair of them and sidled over, bringing a timely end to their conversation.

Talk of Cordelia quickly died down, but Ruby remained in awe of her steel-bladdered roommate as the night progressed. After moving onto another club, a bar and then finally a minicab back home, only Vanessa and Cordelia did so with their seals still intact. Even Ruby was feeling a tightness around the waist of her underwear as her own bladder yet again stretched with fullness. While she was certainly more than enjoying the buzz of sensual tension, she was grateful to eventually get off the motorway and climb the hill leading to the cherished throne. But little did she, or anyone else know, an unwelcome surprise would be waiting for them when they got there.

Despite the time of night, as soon as the girls entered the building, they could tell at once that the vast majority of students were out of their beds, and that something had got them all extremely agitated.

Feeling agitated themselves, not least by the unexpected chill inside the hall, the girls turned to interrogate a pair of friends standing by the stairs.

‘What the hell is going on, why is it so cold in here?’

Connie bobbed up and down, clearly needing to go to the toilet, but not badly enough to ignore the unfolding drama.

‘Pipe’s burst I think... Not really sure to be honest, but the heating’s gone off and all the plumbing’s gone funny...’

The girl grimaced for a moment and though they could already tell, she lowered her voice and divulged that she was desperate for a pee.

‘We’ve been told we can’t flush our loos or it’ll make the problem worse. They’ve actually gone round taping them shut-’

‘What?’ cried Connie, ‘They can’t stop us using the toilets! Isn’t that illegal or something?’

Connie’s raised voice attracted a few turned heads, as well as the attention of a pair of house wardens who just that moment had entered the hall. Pleading for calm, the man and woman moved towards the centre of the room, each pulling behind them a cart covered by a sheet.

‘We’re really sorry to have kept you all waiting, but honestly we cannot have any toilets flushed until this plumbing situation is sorted.’

‘Yeah but-’ interrupted Connie.

‘Yes, we do understand that you can’t just all hold it... and rest assured we don’t expect you to, so as a stop-gap measure, we, um... ask that you bear with us and use... er, other means for the time being!'

Unsure what they were supposed to make of this information, those around the hall murmured to themselves momentarily, then gasped in disbelief as the wardens removed the sheets from the carts to reveal two large stacks of enamelled steel pots. The gasps mostly came from those who knew what they were looking at and one girl’s amused exclamation served to inform the rest.

‘Piss pots??’

‘Er, ch-chamber pots,’ the warden clarified, trying her best to keep a straight face. ‘They’re the best we can do for er, remote relief, so you can either take one, or wait until the portable loos arrive...’

Bemusement hung over the hall. Nevertheless, a surprising number of the students were quick to swallow their pride and sign their name in exchange for a pot. Of those, Lauri was first in line, and she disappeared up the stairs to the privacy of her bedroom in the blink of an eye. Although less enthusiastically so, Connie’s two suite-mates soon followed suit and shot off to their own rooms to take care of their needs, which left Connie, Sadie, Vanessa, Ruby and Cordelia alone with the handful of remaining students.

It was clear that in spite of their need, no one was keen on collecting a pot and the wardens, noticing the group of girls in the corner, decided to make an appeal to reason.

‘Look, if you’re planning on waiting until the porta-loos get here, I’d think again. They won’t arrive, let alone be set up before noon at the earliest!’

This message was received loud and clear by the remaining few. Connie, Sadie, Ruby and even Vanessa conceded that they couldn’t wait that long and each stepped forward to collect a pot. But as they did, they noticed Cordelia didn’t move. Her face said it all. With her arms folded and looking distinctly unimpressed, she stood rooted to the spot. Sadie glanced at her, her concern as obvious as Cordelia’s disdain. Connie suddenly snorted with laughter.

‘Don’t worry, Sadie. Cordelia’s um... Well, yeah like I told you, she’s a special case.’

‘What? What does that mean?’

Connie chuckled and looked at Cordelia with an awkward grin.

‘Well basically, she has a bladder bigger than a weather balloon! So if anyone can wait that long, it’s her I guess!’

Vanessa and the others giggled and then nodded in agreement as Connie continued.

‘She absolutely decimated us in a hold-it contest during freshers week, I’ve never seen anyone drink so much and not need to pee!’

Giggles turned to laughter as memories of that famous night flooded back, but all of a sudden Sadie became pensive again.

‘Hold on... Cordelia Finegold... That’s where I remember you from!’ she yelled, now looking Cordelia dead in the eye. 'I swear this is the weirdest coincidence! You were at a party I went to, like, a year and a half ago! There was a hold-it contest that night!’

Ruby noticed the colour suddenly slip from Cordelia’s face, but Sadie pressed ahead.

‘You were the one taking part against that girl with the massive bladder!’

Connie and Vanessa stopped giggling at once to listen to Sadie’s recollection.

‘Come again, Sadie?’

‘Oh gosh I was so drunk that night, but I do remember it got really messy in the end and someone completely pissed themselves in front of the entire party.’

‘What? It was the other girl, right? Right?1

Sadie’s mouth hung open. She knew the answer to the question, but evidently also had enough tact not to answer it.

‘Um...’

Though she’d trailed off, her body language was far more forthcoming and with a bite of her bottom lip, Sadie all but confirmed what everybody suspected. Connie stared in shock.

‘Cordelia! You? You actually pi-’

But before the words could escape her lips, Cordelia cut her off.

'I did not piss myself, that is complete and utter rubbish!’

Ruby had never heard her so obviously flustered. They all watched awkwardly as Cordelia made a passionate case for her bladder.

‘That did not happen. As if I’d actually lose to that girl... I could never wet myself, it’s impossible!’

Connie decided to step in to calm things down.

‘It’s okay Cordelia, I’ve had some close calls in my time as well, there’s no shame in-’

‘Oh give me a break, as if we’re even remotely in the same category... and as if that’s even remotely what happened!’

‘Sorry, sorry! Okay, well in any case, just to say, as you probably know, I’m very much capable of pissing myself and I will do if I don’t get upstairs, so I’m going to grab a potty and call it a night!’

Cordelia contorted her face in annoyance. It didn’t seem that she’d even heard what Connie had said.

‘All right then,’ she declared, ТТ1 show you if you don’t believe me...’

Everyone looked at Cordelia.

'I'll hold it until the pipes are fixed. I don’t care how long it takes.’

With that, she strode off towards the stairs, completely bypassing the carts and pots, and stormed up to the Lazuli wing without looking back.

Ruby tried her best to console Sadie on her way back up to the top floor. In truth, she couldn’t have been more grateful for what she’d done and was hard pressed not to thank her outright as she and Connie turned off towards the Emerald wing. It was anyone’s guess how long the toilets would be out of order. Cordelia had already gone without peeing for five days, surely, thought Ruby, she was biting off more than she could chew. Surely, this would be the moment she met her fate...

Despite the controversy surrounding Cordelia’s bladder, the fact remained that Ruby’s own bladder was in a desperate state, and the commotion downstairs had only made it worse. Admittedly, she wasn’t the most keen on using a chamber pot to relieve herself, and shared some of her trepidation with Vanessa as they entered the suite together.

‘Have you ever used one of these before?’

‘What, a potty?’ smiled Vanessa, ‘well, not since I was little! To be honest I’d rather wait... I don’t trust potties...’

Ruby laughed.

‘You don’t trust them?’

‘Er, yeah, bad memories from childhood... But never mind, if I can’t hold it any longer I’ll just have to take my chances.’

‘Me too I suppose!' Ruby frowned.

Without articulating it, both Ruby and Vanessa effectively pledged to fight the urge for as long as they possibly could, and they each placed down their chamber pots and took a seat on the sofas. Ruby was badly struggling herself, but she hadn’t seen Vanessa so desperate since the contest during freshers week. Her legs were crossed and locked tightly together, and though she kept a straight face for the most part, with growing frequency, she would trail off mid-sentence, making a casual chat ever more difficult. Nevertheless, she still managed to hold on longer than Ruby, whose legs were so numb from sitting on them for so long that when she finally decided to take the plunge, she almost had to crawl from the room.

‘Good luck! I'll be out here if you’re not going straight to bed.’

Vanessa was evidently in it for the long haul. Ruby thanked her for the luck, but in the end had no need of it as she found using a chamber pot for the first time very much to her liking. Particularly she enjoyed the thunderous sound it made as her stream struck the bottom of the porcelain, but also, and perhaps most of all, she liked that she could see how much she produced. The chamber pots they’d been given were generous in size, presumably to accommodate a night’s worth of use by one or two people, so having filled around a third of hers in a single squat, she felt quite pleased with herself indeed. Holding up the pot when she was done, Ruby found printed on its underside what appeared to be the container’s capacity.

Three point five ... that's definitely litres... so that means I peed aboout...

Still working out the arithmetic in her head, Ruby returned to the sitting room where Vanessa had a very serious look on her face.

‘It really wasn’t so bad in the end! You should give it a go!’ Ruby chirped, trying to offer a bit of moral support.

Vanessa ran a hand through her hair and frowned without responding.

‘Are you all right?’ asked Ruby.

Evidently Vanessa wasn’t, but she took a deep breath and ran her palms over her face and through her hair again.

‘Can’t be helped,’ she proclaimed, then rose to her feet.

Shuffling with one hand between her legs and the other out in front, she grabbed her potty and went into the bedroom.

Loath to miss out on what would follow, Ruby hopped up from the settee as soon as she was sure Vanessa had gone into the bathroom, and positioned herself within earshot. Expectedly there came the typical rustle as Vanessa pulled up her clothes, then an awkward moment as she got into position, and then all of a sudden a hiss and a thunderous drumming that slapped wildly against the inside of the potty. It was any wonder that Lauri, who was fast asleep in bed, didn’t wake up from the racket Vanessa made. Without a doubt, peeing into a potty was far noisier than into a toilet bowl and for what seemed an age, Vanessa’s very audible pee rumbled on without stopping, its tone apparently reflecting an ever increasing liquid volume. Somewhere around two and a half minutes, Ruby noticed the sliding scale reached somewhat of a peak and then suddenly she heard a splatter.

‘Oh god, oh god, oh GOD... I knew it!’

Vanessa sounded unusually agitated and seemed to have stopped what she was doing. Once more Ruby heard the rustle of her clothes and the next moment the bathroom door snapped open.

‘Um, Ruby? Could you come here please? I need to borrow your potty...’

Not entirely sure what to make of the request, but happy to oblige, Ruby doubled back and brought her pot through into the other bedroom. Poking her head through the crack of the door, Vanessa was stood in front of a potty that had completely overflown and was surrounded by a very large puddle.

‘Oh, thank you! I’m so sorry...’

And she did look a rather sorry sight, but Ruby quickly handed over her pot and slipped back out.

In a tick, Vanessa resumed where she’d left off and Ruby could hear her filling up the second potty for another solid minute. When she finally finished peeing and came back into the sitting room, her face was awash with embarrassment.

‘Gosh I’m such a disaster... I just can’t use these things.’

With no end of apologies, she volunteered to bring Ruby’s potty back into her room and Ruby saw as she passed, that its level had now risen to well over the half way mark. Truly, Vanessa had a formidable bladder, but as they tip-toed past Cordelia’s bed, in spite of everything she’d just seen and heard, Ruby could only be reminded that Vanessa’s wasn’t the most formidable...

‘Let’s call it a night then, shall we?’

‘Yeah... I can’t wait for these pipes to be fixed...’ If Vanessa was wishing for a swift end to the current state of affairs, then Ruby couldn’t have been more strongly opposed. Last night’s drama had thoroughly whet her appetite, and she woke up feeling hopeful for more.

Having stayed up so late, she and the others slept through the morning and groggily surfaced around midday, when a house warden came to knock at the door. Precisely on schedule, the porta-loos had been installed and the girls were invited to use them as and when they liked.

‘That’d be never then...’

Cordelia was the only one still in bed. She growled at Ruby from under her duvet as the message was relayed to her a moment later and made it clear she wasn’t about to abandon her pledge.

‘Go without me, I’m fine here.’

With those words, Cordelia turned her back to Ruby and Ruby bit her lip to keep the glee in check. There was no changing her mind, and Ruby told Connie and the others as much when she met them downstairs.

‘She must be bursting though?’ gasped Sadie.

Connie giggled.

'Nah... I told you, she’s the hold-it champion! She’ll be fine.’

Sadie looked unsure.

‘You guys are having me on about this aren’t you? How big can her bladder really be?’

With a glance over her shoulder, she lowered her voice.

‘I mean, I saw her wet herself that night... It only took two, maybe three hours max. Like, seriously, it’s been almost a whole day this time, come on!’

Connie shrugged, but Vanessa then decided to chime in.

‘Well, actually... Once she held it for five whole days, so... honestly I think she’s okay for now.’

‘Five days?' Sadie laughed. ‘You’re definitely having me on!’

Vanessa insisted she was telling the truth, and Lauri even vouched for her, but once again, Ruby alone knew the whole truth. It may have been the case that Cordelia had held her bladder for that long, but Ruby had never seen her go further. Today was day six without a pee and while Ruby had a few doubts about Sadie’s story, she couldn’t honestly say with absolute certainty that her room-mate was okay.

A second chance to check on Cordelia came Ruby’s way when after everyone had finished their business, they all returned to their suites. Given that all showers in the residence were also off limits, the girls decided to make use of the facilities down at the university’s sports centre and planned to head straight there.

This time when invited, Cordelia did agree to come along and at last she was roused out of bed. With a sigh, she sat upright, cast off her duvet, then placed a long leg onto the floor. All the while, Ruby kept a keen half-eye on her and tried not to make it obvious, but failing miserably, Cordelia did notice and quite pointedly turned her back on her room-mate as she stood up. Her night shirt had ridden a fair way up her legs and she appeared to be discreetly rearranging it away from prying eyes, but other than a quick flash of her underwear, Ruby saw nothing she hadn’t seen before... As someone who often walked around without any clothes on, it was quite unusual of Cordelia, but Ruby brushed the thought aside and carried on packing her bag.

In a couple of ticks, the two room-mates were ready and met Lauri and Vanessa in the sitting room. Connie and Sadie were waiting downstairs and after a short but bitterly chilly trip down the hill, the six girls were soon getting undressed in the gymnasium’s changing room.

Not typically one to shy away from displaying her body, Cordelia was uncharacteristically guarded as she stripped out of her clothes. Taking up position on the complete opposite side of the room, again with her back turned, she wrapped herself immediately in a towel and occupied the farthest shower cubicle. Ruby couldn’t understand. It wasn’t as though the rest of them were running about like nudists, but Cordelia’s actions undoubtedly warranted suspicion. Luckily for Cordelia though, Ruby was the only one so caught up on spying on her. None of the others seemed to pick up on her strange behaviour, although there was some cause for distraction after Vanessa’s towel happened to betray her and Connie made a well-timed joke about her quite eye-catching 'natural’ look.

‘Well at least the carpet matches the drapes, Blondie!1 Vanessa replied, more than able to give as good as she got.

Their light-hearted banter continued while Cordelia’s silent defiance burned steadily in the background, and the tone was set for the rest of the day.

After a short stop-off at the residence, the girls, by now desperately hungry, set off into town once again to eat a very late lunch. Needless to say, Cordelia had walked straight past the porta-loos on her way in and out, and did the same at the cafe, and later the pub where they ultimately ended up.

During their afternoon out, not once did Cordelia refuse a drink, finishing an entire pot of tea with her sandwiches, and then doing her bit to dispatch a couple of bottles of wine with her dinner. Her resilience was simply staggering...

By evening, she was very much still in control.

Sitting through an entire film at Connie’s, she made no attempt to follow Vanessa, Lauri and Ruby as they headed down to the portable facilities at the end of the night. When the three girls eventually made it back upstairs, she was already in the bedroom, tucked into bed, and apparently fast asleep.

On the surface at least, a sixth day had made little difference to Cordelia’s composure. As Ruby tucked herself into bed, she wondered if her room-mate would cruise through the remaining days of her personal embargo with as much ease as she’d done so far. She had to admit that by this point, Cordelia was looking legitimately invincible and the thought of her actually losing control was becoming almost impossible to imagine. But lying in the dark, softly and quietly stroking herself to sleep, a part of Ruby simply refused to let the fantasy die.

Sunday followed an almost identical pattern to the previous day, with Cordelia again staying in bed while her room-mates got up to use the porta-loos. Thereafter, she would go on to reject all opportunities to relieve herself, and after another unbelievable twenty four hours, she reached the milestone of seven entire days without a pee. Having done so without so much as a single wince, Ruby wondered just how much discomfort Cordelia was feasibly able to endure.

Is she even actually uncomfortable?

Entering a second week, Cordelia was holding onto a burden the likes of which Ruby could barely fathom, but if she was doing so under any kind of strain, there was nothing to suggest that it was more than a minor affliction to her.

By now no longer caring if Cordelia caught her staring, Ruby was determined to scrutinise every inch of her shrouded body. Any given moment, she scoured her with her eyes and looked for any kind of sign.

She does look a bit tired...

But then she had done during freshers’ week and it’d come to nothing. Ruby had to dig deeper, and looking a little closer, she noticed a touch of shadow underneath Cordelia’s eyes that she’d certainly never seen before. Typically, Cordelia’s complexion was flawless no matter what, and although she still managed to pull off the look like it was intentional, Ruby knew it was not.

Has she not been sleeping well?

It would have been a fair assumption considering Cordelia was going to bed every night with such an outrageously full bladder. A normal girl would have wet her bed seven nights ago, but Cordelia had woken up with dry sheets for the seventh morning on the trot. Ruby wondered how much effort it must have taken for her muscles to keep such a colossal bladder sealed while she was fast asleep.

Unless... Could it be? Has it gotten to the point where she's not able to fall asleep properly anymore?

The thought left Ruby shaking.

How far is she going to push herself...

She was so awestruck by Cordelia’s uncompromising commitment to proving her point that she didn’t mind quite as much on Monday afternoon when the residence finally received an update on the building’s plumbing. A date had been pencilled in for a repair, and if everything went smoothly, they’d all be able to use the full range of bathroom facilities by Wednesday morning.

For now, the girls were preparing to say their goodbyes to Sadie.

As they all stood shivering at the main doors, it was apparent that after three days in Cordelia’s company, their guest had finally come around to believing what everybody said about her. Connie had just that moment made a joke about the recent announcement and Sadie took the opportunity to make amends for her loose tongue last Friday. Turning to Cordelia, she smiled nervously.

‘Can I just say... Whatever I remembered from that party, it’s absolutely irrelevant now. That other girl must have cheated, honestly, because there’s just no way she could’ve beaten you otherwise. I didn’t even know it was possible for anyone to hold in their pee this long...’

She glanced around at the others quickly, then after thinking about it for a moment, decided to continue.

‘Also, if it’s true what they said about you holding it for five days once, then I’m sure you’ll make it to Wednesday, no problem!’

While Sadie, Connie and Lauri agreed with one another, Cordelia barely acknowledged the gushing vote of confidence. Her muted reaction could well have been down to abundant selfconfidence, but Ruby couldn’t help but find it suspicious. She wasn’t herself...

After Sadie departed, Ruby’s hunch about Cordelia continued to grow stronger and stronger. The only problem was she could never get close enough to see through her almost aggressively casual demeanour. Like a wish with a sting in the tail, the more time Ruby spent next to Cordelia, the more she realised she’d be better off watching her from afar. As long as Cordelia could sense she was being watched, Ruby knew there was little chance of her ever letting down her guard. If she was going to uncover the reality, she was going to have to come up with a plan.

On Tuesday, Ruby awoke with an ache in her bladder and a determination in her heart. She suspected Cordelia was waking up on the other side of the bedroom in a similar state, but what she couldn’t be sure of was precisely how much worse she was feeling it.

For a fourth morning in a row, while her suitemates got up to use the porta-loos, Cordelia alone stayed in bed and as Ruby put on her slippers and dressing gown, she made sure to let her roommate know she was heading downstairs with the others. Expecting that Ruby would be right behind them, Vanessa and Lauri had already gone out the main door and so left it open for her.

‘Coming!’ she called, moving noisily across the sitting room.

But today this wouldn’t be the case... As she reached the door, Ruby stopped, then quietly stepped out of her slippers and pushed the door shut as loudly as she could. Turning around, she tiptoed back across the sitting room and pressed her nose up to the crack of her bedroom door. In the silence of the ‘empty’ suite, Ruby’s heart was beating so hard she worried she might give herself away, but Cordelia had apparently fallen for her trap and didn’t seem to notice the eyes watching her through the gap.

She was all alone now - or so she thought...

Ruby suspected Cordelia hadn’t been sleeping, and this suspicion was confirmed when soon she began to stir underneath her duvet. Rolling onto her back, she closed her eyes and let out a sigh. It was a sigh Ruby had heard many times before, but this time it seemed so pure and unrestricted. There was no hiding the obvious tension in her voice and Ruby felt her knees weaken.

Much more slowly than she usually would, Cordelia sat upright and delicately placed a long leg onto the floor. Hesitating for a moment, she took a deep breath and then squeezed her knees together. Ruby’s heart nearly stopped beating... As clear as day, Cordelia appeared to wince and tightly cross her legs.

She's been bursting all along!

With an almost inaudible moan, Cordelia leant forward, her mouth hanging open and her eyes firmly squeezed shut. She rocked on the edge of the bed for the longest time, seemingly unable to bear the pressure between her legs and as if locked in a trance-like state.

Ruby could hardly bear it either. Her breaths were now so deep and laboured that without a doubt Cordelia would sense her presence behind the door any second. But before she could give the game away, the suite door came bursting open.

‘Ruby? Are you okay in there?’

Vanessa had come back, and Ruby spun around in a fluster.

‘Erm, yeah sorry! I err, couldn’t find my slippers!’

Vanessa pointed at the furry flip-flops still in the doorway and Ruby pretended to laugh at herself as she stepped away from the bedroom door. She’d have to postpone her fun for the time being, but unable to resist, she took one last peek at Cordelia. As if nothing had happened, she now sat running a hand through her hair and of course, she’d uncrossed her legs... The sight was enough to send Ruby out of her mind and she walked right past her slippers and out the door without even realising.

After holding it for nine straight days, Cordelia was finally, undeniably feeling the strain. Her veil had slipped, revealing a bitter internal struggle, but although she’d managed to pull it right back up again, it was becoming increasingly difficult for her to make believe she wasn’t massively uncomfortable.

On Wednesday morning Ruby awoke to find Cordelia already up and sitting on the edge of her bed. It wasn’t clear how long she’d been there, but despite the apparent serenity on her face, she appeared to have been rocking on her crossed legs and silently struggling for hours. Suspecting that Cordelia had far too much on her mind to notice her watching, Ruby felt free to stare from under her duvet, and despite the silent, steady motion of her fingers, she managed to keep as still as she could for as long as her guilty conscience didn’t completely consume her.

For far longer than either would’ve been happy to admit, Ruby and Cordelia remained in this mutually compromising arrangement until a knock at the main door brought them both to their senses. It was the moment most of the residence had been waiting for; a warden had come to inform the Lazuli wing residents that they could finally use their bathrooms.

‘You will still have to bear with us for a little while though!' the woman added, raising her palms. ‘Everything seems right as rain, but the plumbers want to make one final pass to be absolutely sure.’

Ruby, Vanessa and Lauri all turned to witness Cordelia’s reaction to this caveat. While still not looking overtly desperate, her folded arms and general frustrated air were quite the give away that she wasn’t best pleased. It also sounded like she might have sworn under her breath, which prompted a somewhat exasperated response from the warden.

‘Well, the porta-loos aren’t going anywhere, so if anyone is desperate, they’re still free to go and use them...’

Cordelia huffed and rolled her eyes, then went back into the bedroom. Vanessa stepped forward to try and find out when the plumbers would make their way to the Lazuli wing, but there wasn’t much more the warden could offer and she promptly saw herself out.

‘Well, we tried. Sorry Cordelia!’

From the bedroom, Cordelia angrily returned Vanessa’s gesture.

'I told you... I don’t care how long it takes... I can hold it!’

Ruby had to give it to Cordelia, her determination was breathtaking. Riling herself up even further, she got up off the bed and began rummaging about in her drawer. She extracted her brush and then started running it through her hair as if she was in some sort of mad hurry. Everybody was watching her now, and the unwanted attention soon brought on another angry outburst.

‘Are we going down to the showers today? Or are you going to stand there catching flies all morning?’

Her words whipped them all into motion and they got themselves ready as if it were just another normal day. But today was anything but normal. As much as Cordelia tried to play it down, she was fooling no one. Even when she did manage to pull the wool over somebody’s eyes, as she did when they bumped into Connie downstairs, it wouldn’t be long before the truth made itself abundantly clear.

‘You must be feeling relieved!’ Connie beamed, singling out Cordelia as she caught sight of the four girls from the bottom of the stairs.

Nobody was quite sure what she was on about until she revealed that the plumbers had just been through the Emerald wing that morning and that their bathrooms were now back in working order. She hadn’t realised that this wasn’t the case for the Lazuli wing and Cordelia’s face soon made that plainly obvious.

‘Oh... sorry...’ she said, covering her mouth. ‘Well um, why don’t you all come and use our bathrooms in that case?’

Before anyone could speak, Cordelia resoundingly answered ‘No’.

‘Are... Are you sure?’ replied Connie, ‘It’s literally not a problem...’

Vanessa and Lauri seemed quite keen to avoid going outside and they both turned to reason with Cordelia.

‘Technically the plumbing is fixed, so it wouldn’t exactly be cheating, right?’ argued Vanessa.

Her logic wasn’t the worst, but expectedly Cordelia again refused.

‘You go. I’m fine waiting, thanks...’

And without waiting, she turned and strode away. Ruby made a snap decision to follow, motioning to her suite-mates not to worry, and indeed, he was more than happy to keep Cordelia company, giddily following her out of the residence and all the way down the hill.

Cordelia didn’t mind - or rather she didn’t seem to be able to take her mind off her bladder long enough to be bothered by Ruby’s presence, and so in tense silence they trudged over to the gymnasium. In the changing room, while Ruby undressed, Cordelia sat for the longest time, seemingly unwilling, or unable to bring herself to stand up and use the showers. Her arms and legs were tightly crossed and with her eyes shut, she was almost entirely closed off from the world. It took until Ruby had finished showering before Cordelia managed to even take off her clothes and just in time to catch her struggling into her towel, Ruby exited her cubicle to a rare flash of bare skin. In Cordelia’s flustered state, she happened to suffer the very same mishap that Vanessa had, and although she had her back turned, it wasn’t the impressive sight of her behind that left Ruby speechless. Bending over to her left to pick up the dropped towel, Cordelia gave away a flicker of a glimpse of her body in profile and there was nothing Ruby could have done to prepare herself for what she saw.

Is she pregnant? No, she can't be...

Ruby frowned for a moment and then the obvious struck her.

Oh my god was that her bladder??

If it was, then it had to have swollen to an absurd degree to show so visibly from the outside. For it to have been stretched so much that it was no longer confined to the limits of her pelvic bone was utterly incredible. In that split second Ruby questioned everything she thought she understood about human biology.

Then... Is that why she's been hiding?

Suddenly it all seemed to make sense...

Just like that, Cordelia re-covered herself and disappeared into the shower cubicle without saying a word. It was the last Ruby would see of her exposed midriff for now, but the vivid image stayed with her for far longer than that one intense moment.

Cordelia was much more careful with her towel when she re-emerged from the shower a good while later. Though she took an age to finish and almost twice as long to get dressed, Ruby wasn’t privy to any further slips or surprises. It was any wonder how Cordelia had managed to even dress herself in her state, but looking more severe than ever, she and Ruby left the gymnasium and finally made their way back up the hill. They stopped several times along the way, for no other reason Ruby presumed, than to allow Cordelia to discreetly regain her composure, but despite all this she was adamant when Ruby offered any encouragement, that she didn’t need it.

Bundling through the front doors, they climbed the stairs and arrived back at the suite to find Lauri and Vanessa waiting for them in the sitting room. Their faces said it all... Without even needing to ask, Ruby knew right away that the bathrooms were still off limits, and Cordelia’s face told its own story. She tried to flick her hair and stand up straight, but looked more like a strangely misshapen mannequin than anything resembling her normal self.

‘Whatever...’ she sighed, and as calmly as she could, she walked straight into the bedroom.

No doubt Cordelia was in some kind of agony, but for once Ruby didn’t have the heart to pursue her. Having seen a glimpse of her swollen bladder in the changing room, and how much she was willing to punish her own body for the sake of pride, it felt unjust to taunt her. Truly, she wanted to see Cordelia keep on holding her pee for as long as possible, but she decided then that she wouldn’t trip her up or get in her way.

As Ruby joined Lauri and Vanessa on the sitting room sofas, she realised they were both (almost) as invested in Cordelia’s plight as she was. Interestingly, they’d accepted that persuading her to use another toilet was impossible, so as long as the bathrooms were out of order, they were going to support her instead.

‘Do you think offering her a cup of tea is too much?’

Vanessa stood pensively by the kettle, having turned it on to make a cup for everyone.

‘Of course it is!’ laughed Lauri. ‘The last thing she needs is anything else to drink!’

‘Right, then I’ll bring her something to eat.’

Ruby suspected Vanessa felt a touch guilty about not coming with them to the showers earlier, and she knocked on the bedroom door with a couple of slices of toast. Obviously Cordelia didn’t answer, but Vanessa entered anyway with Ruby following behind her.

‘Vanessa, I don’t want any fu-

Much to Vanessa’s relief, Cordelia’s foul-mouthed tirade was conveniently cut short by a knock at the main door. They all turned to look - and Cordelia flicked her hair - as a voice called from the hallway.

‘Hi, we’re here to check the pipes!’

Though they appeared to have a key, the plumbers waited long enough to be let inside the suite by Lauri and without wasting any time they took a bathroom each. In the blink of an eye, they completed their jobs and thanked the girls for their patience.

‘...Is that it?’

Lauri spoke for everyone as the door clicked shut and they stood around in bemused silence. Suddenly though, they were gripped with a sense of anticipation and all eyes turned on Cordelia.

‘Well go on then!’

Vanessa was first to speak and she led the overexcited calls for Cordelia to finally bring an end to her marathon hold. But Cordelia didn’t budge. Though her face looked more dangerous than ever, and her legs and arms were wound up like vines, she refused to get up off the bed.

'I'll go when I’m ready...’

The room was stunned, but none more so than Ruby who almost had to sit down before her legs gave way. She watched in a daze as Cordelia rebuffed everyone’s incredulity and dug in her heels. There really was no changing her mind.

‘Well, okay fair enough...’ Vanessa conceded, ‘But, we were thinking of going into town for lunch and if you want to come with us you might be more comfortable if erm...’

Cordelia flicked her hair and just about managed to stop herself from wincing.

‘I’m fine, let’s go...’

It was unthinkable to Ruby that Cordelia could have had any more capacity to hold her pee after ten gruelling days, but she left the suite that afternoon without a second glance at the toilet and made the trip into town alongside the others.

Connie and her two suite mates came along as well and they were suitably astonished when informed that Cordelia was still holding onto her pee.

‘But why?’ they whispered, almost fearfully, although how was perhaps a more fitting question, as Cordelia fought through lunch and boldly negotiated more than a few glasses of wine in the process.

Ruby had been fortunate enough to sit right next to Cordelia and she saw first-hand how her crossed leg bounced madly underneath the table. How she’d tightly grip her knee with her spare hand whenever she wasn’t using it. How she’d pause every so often with her eyes closed, and how a subtle shudder would run through her body each time she managed to yet again regain control.

How? How are you still in control? How can you do this?

While others around her went to use the facilities, both during their meal and before leaving, Cordelia kept her legs tightly crossed and her bladder sealed until they returned to the residence. Though by now it was well into early evening and the winter sky had darkened, her stubborn resolve burned on brightly. She didn’t immediately race to the bathroom and instead installed herself on the sitting room sofa, where she dug in her heels and steadfastly stayed put until retiring to bed at the end of the night having blown away Ruby’s wildest expectations.

It was like freshers week all over again and Ruby’s mind was all over the place. Rinsing her mouth after brushing her teeth, she allowed her room-mate to occupy their en-suite for the first time that day, and her eyes stared expectantly as she passed. Cordelia however left the bathroom door open and, as if sensing Ruby’s eyes on her, exited soon after finishing her nightly routine.

Somehow finding the resolve to resist the urge even now, Cordelia got into bed, and from the look in her eyes, Ruby wondered if she was so determined to use the toilet on her own terms that she’d happily wait for her to fall asleep before she did so...

It should have been impossible for Ruby to fall asleep with the amount of adrenaline pumping through her veins, but the next thing she knew, she was awoken by the sound of rustling sheets across the room. She noticed faint morning light was now breaking behind the curtains, which meant almost the entire night had passed since she and Cordelia had gone to bed.

She held on that much longer??

Ruby was stunned, but finally Cordelia’s body was ready. In the dim light, she watched her cross the room and enter the bathroom, flinging open the door and not even bothering to close it behind her before lifting the lid off the toilet.

Ruby’s knickers were wetter than she’d ever felt them. Throwing caution to the wind, she removed them entirely, having kicked off her duvet, and she did as she only knew how. It didn’t matter that Cordelia was right there through the open door. As soon as the sound of peeing pierced the air, Cordelia’s long pent-up stream striking loudly into the bottom of the bowl, there was no way anyone in the entire suite would be able to hear anything else.

In tandem, both girls moaned as they felt themselves overcome. More than once, Cordelia repeated the same whine, as if - despite everything pouring out of her - her desperation continued unabated. She was peeing her heart out, yet she sounded like she hadn’t managed to start at all... Ruby whimpered into her pillow, feeling herself in tune with Cordelia’s emotions and reliving in her mind the countless days of desperation she’d endured leading up to that moment. She needed no more convincing. Only Cordelia’s bladder could withstand such arduous punishment as to be able to produce a pee on this scale. To gush with such outrageous ferocity for even one minute would have been incredible, but like numerous times before, Cordelia’s loud and crashing stream carried on far beyond any normal duration.

Ruby couldn’t honestly say she was used to it by now, but she’d long ago stopped counting the minutes in her head. Given that Cordelia would so regularly reach double figures, she’d developed a sixth sense for following along. Tonight though, she cursed not having started from the very top, as Cordelia effortlessly thundered past her previous milestones. By the time Ruby did sit up and take notice, she speculated that Cordelia’s pee would have long crossed the threshold of a quarter of an hour and was likely to surpass at least twenty minutes...

Barely able to suppress another whimper, Ruby decided she couldn’t think about durations, or counting along. In this seemingly everlasting moment, she could only lose herself and let Cordelia’s stream sweep her away.

Eventually Ruby washed up atop the sodden sheets of her bed, and she found herself having to scramble about in the dark for her discarded knickers. She managed to find them before Cordelia flushed the toilet and was back underneath her duvet just as she re-entered the room.

As hard as Ruby tried to settle her nerves and calm her breathing, she knew that Cordelia knew she was awake. She knew Cordelia was well aware how loud she was when she peed, and most of all, she knew she knew that her room-mate had heard every minute of it.

From the other side of the room there suddenly came the faint sound of laughter.

Indeed Cordelia knew...

She didn’t realise, perhaps, how deeply Ruby had been moved by her performance, but she knew she’d made as firm a statement as she possibly could. Her bladder was strong - extremely strong — preposterously strong, and it had lived to see another day.

But I wonder how many more tomorrows you could have survived...

Ruby bit her bottom lip and smiled across the gap. As she closed her eyes and rolled onto her back, all she could think about was the day Cordelia finally surrendered. It was possible for her to get desperate and now she’d seen it... No longer was it so unthinkable that maybe, just maybe, underneath all the layers of her resolve she had a limit... And maybe, Ruby hoped, clenching her fists, she might one day get to see that too...
