Story - Girls School - Part 6

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-02-28 at 20:29) W#53890

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 6

Kyrie jumped at the sound of the door opening and spilled a bit of the drug on the floor, a dollop about the size of a silver dollar. In a flash she had the bottle plunked back down in the cupboard and the door closed. She hurled herself sideways across the floor toward the bed and came to rest with her back against the bed. She sat there, breathing hard, and looking nervously toward the door into the room. It was then that she remembered that she had not put the cap back on the drug bottle. She had no time left though so she re-capped the water bottle and quickly stuffed it into her backpack. She suddenly realized that Sue had not come into the room to talk to her. She listened intently and could hear Sue doing something in the front room. Then there was a quiet pause followed by the door to the inner office closing again. Kyrie could just hear Sue once again talking on the phone.

She breathed a gigantic sigh of relief and quickly scuttled back across to the medicine cupboard. Instantly she had the door open and the water bottle out of the backpack. She began to pour the diuretic into the water bottle. She realized that she had better leave a goodly amount of it behind in the drug bottle, so as not to arouse suspicion. She re-capped the diuretic bottle tightly and put it away, then capped the water bottle and stuffed it back into her backpack. When she stood up to go back to the bed she noticed the dollop of liquid on the floor. She looked around for some paper towel but couldn’t see any. She thought for a moment and then she stood over the dollop and peed in her jeans. It wasn’t much because she had just peed a short while ago, but since her jeans were already wet, it did manage to trickle off the cuffs of her pant legs and splatter onto the floor.

She had stopped concentrating on Sue, and as she was standing there peeing herself, Sue walked in.

“Kyrie?”, she inquired, concerned.

“Hi Sue”, Kyrie replied in what she hoped was a small, sickly voice. “I was just peeing”, she added.

“Oh, okay then”, Sue replied. Kyrie walked back to the bed and sat down.

“Are you feeling any better?”, Sue asked.

“Yeah, I am actually”, Kyrie replied, “Just a little”.

“Oh, well that’s good”, Sue said, “Maybe it’s just an upset stomach that you have. It might have been something you ate”. Or drank, Kyrie thought, smiling to herself.

“I’ll tell you what”, Sue said, “I can give you some Gravol ® if you like. That will help with the nausea”. Sue walked toward the medicine cupboards and Kyrie’s heart suddenly skipped a beat. Sue reached for the very door behind which the diuretic sat. Then she suddenly changed her mind and went to the next cupboard to the right. In moments she had retrieved the Gravol ® and returned to the bed to give it to Kyrie. Kyrie was sweating now and desperately wanted to get the hell out of there. She accepted the medication and started to get up when Sue said, “Maybe you should lie down for a while. It might make you feel better”.

“Uh, well thanks Sue but I just want to go back to my dorm”, Kyrie said with a weak smile. Sue smiled back and said, “Okay then, fair enough”.

Kyrie walked through into the outer office and was heading for the door when Sue said, “Let me know how it goes with the Gravol ®, okay?”

“I will”, Kyrie replied like a good girl. She opened the door, went out into the hall and closed it behind her. She fought the urge to sprint down the hall and forced herself to walk slowly along it.

She headed straight for the cafeteria but when she got there she couldn’t see Melanie anywhere. She immediately left and went to the dorm. As soon as she walked in the door she could see Melanie curled up on their bed apparently sleeping. She went over and dropped her backpack onto the chair. The noise woke Melanie and when she saw Kyrie standing there she leapt up off the bed and hurled her arms around her, pulling her tight.

“Oh God Kyrie!”, she moaned, “I’m so sorry baby. I’m so sorry!” She began to cry into Kyrie’s shoulder. Kyrie gently stroked her back and said, “Mel? Oh my God Mel what’s wrong?”

“Huh?”, Melanie said blearily through her tears.

“What’s wrong?”, Kyrie repeated genty.

“What do you mean? I – I tried to phone but it was busy. Just busy all the time. I couldn’t get through. I’m so sorry Kyrie. I tried, I swear I tried. You got caught didn’t you?”, Melanie blurted.

“Wait a minute”, Kyrie said, “Do you mean to tell me that it wasn’t you on the phone to Sue when I was in there?”

“Yes!”, Melanie said, “That’s what I’m trying to tell you!”

“Holy shit”, Kyrie said, “I thought it was you!”.

“Oh Kyrie, I wanted to warn you, but I couldn’t, I just couldn’t”, Melanie said dejectedly.

“It’s okay sweetie”, Kyrie said, a smile growing on her face, “I didn’t get caught and –”, she paused for effect, “I got the stuff”. Melanie couldn’t help herself and broke out into a smile. “Oh thank God!”, she said, “I was so worried”.

“Well worry no more”, Kyrie said, smiling broadly now. They hugged again, and this time they indulged in a nice long wet kiss.

“Hey”, Kyrie suddenly said, “C’mon, we gotta get to class”. They grabbed their backpacks and headed for the door.

The rest of the day went without incident. Melanie only wet herself twice the whole afternoon and then it wasn’t much each time. After last class of the day Melanie and Kyrie were walking hand in hand back toward their dorm, talking and laughing, when they suddenly saw Sue approaching them, not ten feet away. She had a puzzled look on her face as she looked at Kyrie and said, “Well that was a fast recovery!”

“Yes”, Kyrie said thinking furiously, her heart pounding, “That Gravol ® worked really well. I feel a lot better now, thank you”.

“Oh well that’s good”, Sue said, “I guess it was something you ate then”.

“I guess so”, Kyrie replied.

“Well, see you guys later”, Sue said as she turned to walk away.

“Bye Sue”, they both said brightly. As they walked off down the corridor they failed to notice Miss Donaldson standing some distance in the other direction. She and Sue exchanged looks and then she turned and walked briskly off toward the front office.

Back in the dorm the girls headed for their bed and when they got there Kyrie said, “Hey, put the TV on. I want to see what the weather’s going to be like on Saturday”.

“Sure, okay”, Melanie replied. She picked up a remote and turned their TV on, setting it to The Weather Network ™. They waited for the local forecast to come on and when it did they saw that it was going to be clear and sunny with a temperature up around 85F, a beautiful day indeed.

“Yes!”, Kyrie said happily. They high-fived, and then hugged tightly.

“I can’t wait for Saturday!”, Melanie said.

‘It’s gonna be great”, Kyrie agreed.

“Mmmmm”, Melanie suddenly said. She was peeing luxuriously in her jeans, soaking Kyrie in the process. Kyrie promptly let loose with her own flood and they stood there embracing tightly and revelling in their warm wetness. They wound up standing in a large puddle of pee.

***

Thursday and Friday dragged by for Melanie and Kyrie. Melanie’s peeing gradually headed back toward normal and on Friday she was called to Sue’s office to once again to talk with Dr. McKenzie about her test results.

“Hi Melanie”, Dr. McKenzie said as Melanie walked in and sat on the bed.

“Hi”, Melanie replied rather worriedly. Dr. McKenzie smiled and said, “Don’t worry, the tests all came back negative. There’s absolutely nothing wrong with you”. Melanie immediately stood up and hugged the doctor, and without thinking she pressed their breasts together. The doctor pushed Melanie away politely but firmly. She was blushing a little.

“I – I’m sorry”, Melanie said, blushing crimson. Dr. McKenzie softened a bit and smiled at Melanie. “Well, that’s okay. I know it was accidental”, she said.

“Thank you doctor”, Melanie said, smiling a bit herself. “Um, doctor, if I don’t have anything wrong with me then why have I been peeing so much?”, she asked.

“Well”, Dr. McKenzie replied, “like I said before, you are just all excited about being able to do your toilet in your pants and bed whenever you want. You have been so taken with the novelty of it that you have unconsciously been producing a lot more urine than you normally would. Of course the large amounts of water you drink every day certainly contribute. But I can assure you that there’s nothing wrong with you at all. If I were you I would just enjoy the extra peeing you’ve been doing. It’s not going to harm you at all”.

“Wow”, Melanie said, “I’m going to love this. I’ll be the wettest girl in the school!”

“Now slow down a minute”, Dr. McKenzie said, smiling, “you should know that your urine production will return to normal no matter what happens. You won’t be peeing like this all the time. In fact you should be back to normal within another week or so.”

“Oh”, Melanie said, disappointed, “I guess I’ll have to make the most of it then”.

“I don’t see why not”, Dr. McKenzie replied, “Anyway, you’d better get back to class kiddo”, she added, looking at her watch.

“Yeah, you’re right”, Melanie said. As she stood up to leave she took a surreptitious glance at the medicine cupboards before turning and walking out of the room. Dr. McKenzie was left sitting there looking puzzled and as she watched Melanie disappear through the door, she took a look herself at the cupboards before looking back at the now empty doorway frowning.

Saturday morning finally arrived and when Melanie woke up, snuggled against Kyrie, she was so nervous that she let loose with both pee and poop, completely soaking herself, Kyrie and the bed and completely filling her panties and pajama pants. Kyrie woke up then and immediately smelled what Melanie had done.

“Hooo!’, she said, wrinkling her nose, “Better get THAT cleaned up sweetie!”. She chuckled and Melanie couldn’t help herself and giggled. She climbed out of bed and stood there for a moment in her soaked and sagging night clothes and watched as Kyrie had her morning pee in the bed. Then she went to get cleaned up. The morning had dawned bright and sunny as promised and the heat was already becoming noticeable, even at just 9:30 in the morning. Kyrie looked out the window and smiled evilly at the bright sunny day. She got up and began to get dressed. She wisely put her damp panties and jeans on for now so that she could pee in them during the morning. Then she would change into a diaper and dry clothes after lunch for the trip into town and the big event. Well, what would hopefully be the big event anyway.

About ten minutes later Melanie returned, stilling wearing her sodden and poop stained night clothes, though they were now empty and no longer sagging. She started to change into her jeans and T-shirt and as she did so Kyrie spoke.

“Okay”, she said, “Here’s the plan. We’ll go to Miss Donaldson’s suite after lunch and ask her if she could be our chaperone for a trip into town. I can’t imagine her saying no. Then we’ll go into town and just walk around window shopping or whatever. All the time we’re doing that the heat should be making Miss Donaldson thirsty and I’ll keep offering her the water with the diuretic in it. Hopefully she’ll drink lots of it and become extremely desperate to pee. If we insist on wanting to look at this or wanting to do that and not letting her get near a restroom she should wind up having a huge accident in her pants”. Melanie chewed on her bottom lip and then said, “Are you sure we’ll get away with this?”

“Of course”, Kyrie said, “How will she possibly know that we set her up?”

“Yeah, I guess maybe you’re right”, Melanie said. She wasn’t very convinced though. Kyrie leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips and then said, “Don’t worry baby. Everything will work out fine. You’ll see”. Melanie smiled a little and quietly said, “Okay”.

They spent their morning out in the park area in the grounds behind the school. They lounged by the edge of a small lake, making out and peeing lazily in their jeans when the need arose. It was an exquisite spring day, unusually beautiful for late April. At one point, around 10:30 or so, Kyrie stood up and looking at Melanie, said, “C’mon, lets go in the water for a while”. Melanie thought about it for a moment and then just shrugged and said, “What the hell, why not.” She got up and the two of them simply walked into the water, shoes, socks, jeans, T-shirts and all. They frolicked about in the water for over an hour before finally walking up on to the tiny ‘beach’. They gathered up their stuff from where they had been lounging and headed back toward the school building, their sodden clothes dripping the whole way.

In the bright sunshine and the heat their clothes had stopped dripping by the time they reached the door. They went to their dorm and peeled off their wet clothes. After towelling each other down they diapered themselves and got dressed in their clean, dry jeans and T-shirts. They then went to the cafeteria and sat and ate their lunch nervously, hardly talking at all. Finally lunch was over and they stood and headed for the cafeteria door.

“Well”, Kyrie said, “this is it”.

“Yeah”, Melanie replied with a nervous look on her face. They were walking hand in hand, as usual, and Kyrie squeezed Melanie’s hand reassuringly and said, “Everything’s going to be okay sweetie, really”. Melanie turned and managed a hesitant smile. “Okay”, was all she said. They continued walking and after about five or six minutes Kyrie guided them to a stop in front of a door with a name plate on it reading “Katherine Donaldson, Assistant Dean”. Kyrie immediately knocked and as they waited for Miss Donaldson to answer Kyrie could feel Melanie tighten her grip on her hand. A few moments later the door opened to reveal Miss Donaldson. She smiled and said, “Well hello girls. What can I do for you?”

“Miss Donaldson”, Kyrie began, “We would like to go into town for a while and we were wondering if you could be our chaperone for the day”.

“Well I don’t see why not”, she said brightly, “It’s a beautiful day and I was thinking of going out for a while anyway. Just a second and let me get my purse”. She disappeared back into her suite and Melanie and Kyrie smiled at each other. Suddenly Miss Donaldson reappeared with a purse over her shoulder and said, “After you, ladies”. They turned and headed for the door to the parking lot. It was only then that Kyrie thought to take note of what Miss Donaldson was wearing. She was dressed in light tan slacks which were relatively tight, especially around her thighs and buttocks, and a white tank top.

She was also wearing white canvas deck shoes and white socks. Perfect. Miss Donaldson was a quite attractive 41 year old woman who prided herself in her personal appearance. She always dressed smartly, no matter what the occasion. The drive into town was uneventful and shortly they had parked the car and were strolling along enjoying the sunshine and the summer-like heat. As they sauntered along Kyrie allowed herself to drop slowly behind Miss Donaldson and Melanie noticed this and did the same. Kyrie glanced over at Melanie and gave a barely perceptible nod. Melanie flipped her eyebrows up and down to indicate that she understood. As they increased their speed to catch back up to Miss Donaldson, Kyrie reached around and felt her backpack for about the fifth time since they had left the car. The bottles were there of course. She had put the diuretic laced water in yellow bottles and the regular water in white bottles.

About half an hour passed and Melanie had to wipe sweat from her brow for the first time. They had been out on the street for the whole time of course, and the hot sun was beginning to affect them. Just then Miss Donaldson turned and said, “Well I don’t know about you guys but I could use a cold drink right about now”. Kyrie’s heart once again skipped a beat when she heard that and she immediately said, “I’ve got some water right here Miss Donaldson, if you like”. She put her backpack down on the sidewalk in front of her and squatted down to open it and retrieve a yellow water bottle. She offered it to Miss Donaldson.

“That’s not going to be very cold though is it?”, Miss Donaldson said. Kyrie thought fast and said, “My backpack has a thermal lining to keep things cold”. It sounded as lame as it actually was. In reality she had wrapped some towels around the bottles in an attempt to keep them cold. She steeled herself for the response. To her surprise Miss Donaldson said, “Oh, well I’ll have some then in that case”. She took the yellow bottle from Kyrie and drank a few mouthfuls, carefully wiping a drop off the corner of her mouth with her finger tip. Kyrie’s heart was now pounding and Melanie was sweating profusely. She just hoped that Miss Donaldson didn’t notice. After another mouthful, Miss Donaldson handed the bottle back to Kyrie who put it back in the backpack.

Another hour passed, during which they went into several shops to look at clothes, and Miss Donaldson drank three more times from the yellow bottles. They had started on the second yellow bottle now. They were ambling along beside a stereo shop when Miss Donaldson stopped and said, “Oh great, now I have to use the ladies room”.

End of Part 6

Part 7 coming soon.

