Tickling "Accidents" and Other Laughing Matters

Author: Aquavite (1996'01) f P#030

1. Barbara in high school

Barbara was not a girl friend, although I liked her a lot and found her very attractive. Dark hair, very pretty, sort of shy, firm and large beasts, thin, long legs...she turned heads but at the time didn't know how pretty and sexy she really was. She also was very immodest...and since I've known her long after high school...she really was immodest, she'd have little idea, for example, that you could easily see up her dress when she'd sit on the ground with her legs pulled up, nor that it was often easy to look down her blouse. Anyway, guys were often talking about her and what underwear she was wearing on a particular day. I'd often get very turned by watching her. We used to spend time hanging out, doing home work (which permitted me some wonderful views of her skirt) and had a group of mutual friends. Never kissed her, hugs were the closest we got.

One day after school...late spring, pretty hot...we went to her house. She was wearing a blue dress, pretty short, sort of sexy in an innocent way. If you look hard, which I always did, you could make out her pantie line under it...pretty thin material. She had on simple white cotton bikinis. Anyway, after we got off the bus we walked to her house, stopping to pick up a few cokes, which we drank before we got to her house. No one was home, and as she was unlocking the door she heard the phone ring, and ran to get it.

She was on the phone for a few minutes in her room, I was just sort of waiting around...Barbara was standing talking to a mutual friend of ours and was laughing...I noticed that she'd sometimes cross her legs tight when she laughed...and figured she had to pee, but didn't think much about it. I was getting bored and, I don't remember how it started, I was teasing her about talking on the phone, and began to playfully pretend to take the phone away. She resisted and then when I pulled harder began to tickle me lightly. She knew I was very ticklish, and always have been. I still am.

I of course tickled her back, somewhat harder, but not a lot, and to my surprise she also got amusingly aggressive, tickling me on my ribs and I was really laughing, and loving it. I found myself immediately turned on...this was probably the most physical we'd been. I then really began to tickle her hard and she was really laughing and unable to talk much on the phone, but managed to tell the girl she was talking with I was tickling her.

The phone was an extension one with a long cord and we pretty quickly ended up on the floor, both laughing and tickling each other with Barbara still trying to talk on the phone and hold on to it...not very successfully. As she would laugh she'd often pull her legs up, and her skirt quickly rose to expose her white cotton panties. I loved looking at her panties and was even more turned on as she open and closed her legs, and tried to pull her dress back down...sometimes with success, if only for a few moments. She was tickling me almost as much as I her, except I was bigger and not trying to talk on the phone.

This probably only went on for a couple of minutes, but at the time it seem like a very long time since I was laughing so hard and was so turned on looking at Barbara. Then as I really began to go at her, tickling her stomach through her pulled up dress, and her ribs...all of a sudden she cross her legs, almost lying down, and between her laughter said, "Stop, stop...really....I can't hold it...I'm going to pee...please stop...." Of course she continued laughing hysterically so I didn't stop...and in a flash I realized how sexy I'd find it if she did pee. I was looking at her in her panties, thrashing about, now not tickling me. She had dropped the phone and one hand was between her legs, holding herself. I realized that she actually was about to pee or maybe already had. I found myself incredibly excited, and surprised at my own reaction.

I guess it was only for a few seconds that she managed to hold on, literally...her hand over her panties, laughing as I continued to tickle her ribs...but then she gave up, and still laughing, let nature take its very wet course. She just moved her now wet hand and I saw pee almost shooting from between her legs, soaking her white panties, her public hair now totally visible under the wet, thin fabric. I kept tickling but not as hard, and then completely stopped, but she kept laughing and now I heard her saying, "Oh, shit...I can't stop, I can't stop....I'm so wet," laughing all the time.

I have no idea how long she was wetting herself, probably not more than 15 or 20 seconds, but for me time froze....and by the time it ended her dress was soaked, of course her panties, too, and her legs...and a growing puddle on the floor in which she was at first lying and then sitting. Although I had stopped touching her I was aware how much tickling her, her wetting herself and me looking at her in her wet panties, dress and soaked legs had excited me. I also felt I was about to cum in my pants, almost without touching myself...and did nothing to stop it.... I felt a few jerky spasms and came....a growing wet spot on my tan pants, which in any case had gotten a little wet from her pee, but not over my penis.

She explained to her friend what happened and hung up...now red with embarrassment but still smiling. She didn't bother to pull down her wet dress, and sat there for a moment before saying she'd better clean up and change. She stood up, holding her wet dress above her panties...I look at her tinged yellow panties clinging to her ass, totally see through and dripping as she walked across the room to the bathroom off her bedroom. She took a look back at the floor saying, "God, I can't believe I did this...I just couldn't stop laughing...I'm going to change and then I'll clean it up...sorry."

As if I need an apology. She showered, came in with a towel wrapped around her, got dry clothes, went in the bathroom again without saying anything and then emerged to clean the floor. It was then she noticed my sort of pee sprinkled pants, with a clear non pee stain. She gave a sort of embarrassed smile, looking hard at the stain over my still hard prick, "Guess you didn't mind my little accident all that much, I see." I confessed (for at that point in my life I felt sort of guilty about liking this) and said, "It just happened....I was excited." We let it go at that, although Barbara did make me promise not to tell about what happened to her. I asked about our friend on the phone and Barbara said, "Oh, Sara, she won't tell. She knows I've had some accidents."

I was surprised, curious and excited about her other accidents but didn't ask her to tell me about them, feigning coolness. I did ask her about a year later at a party, reminding her about the tickling and peeing time. She said she'd never wet herself before or since while being tickled, but that she had had a number of other peeing accidents, once on a bus, once walking home and once in a store. I pressed her for details about those times and she told me, but that's another story.

2. Susan in College

Susan was a long term girlfriend. We had been together for over a year, and sometimes liked tickling each other. She was blond, busty, long legged and sexy. Only once did a tickling fight end up in her wetting herself. In our apartment we were chasing each other around, she wearing brown cord jeans and would tickle each other when we'd catch the other. Both laughing hard, we'd done this before. Somehow she ended up lying in the bathtub, no water, and I was standing over her tickling her on her stomach and ribs...she was laughing hard, but no harder than usual. Then all of a sudden, saying nothing, I saw her jeans get soaked...and she just peed and peed for what seemed like a long time. I continued to tickle her, thinking of Barbara years before, but again was very turned on looking at the darkening color of her pants. I reached down and felt her warm pee on my hand. She pushed it away, still laughing.

Often, in fact, usually, when we'd have a tickling fight we'd end up making love afterwards, pulling clothes off, still tickling. But this time Susan just ended it, took off her wet pants, looked at her wet blue panties under them, took them off, saying, "Yuk...I can't believe I did this." She'd never wet herself before, or to my knowledge, afterwards. It was a turn on for me, but not quite the same as Barbara. She clearly didn't like it at all.

3. Joanne

I was living with Joanne. We had gone on a trip and in a nice motel were playing with whipped cream and tickling. We were both in our underwear, me just my underpants and she tickling me lightly and playfully; she in a pair of white cotton panties with lots of lace on the legs and front and a sexy low cut white lace bra. I loved the way she looked and was very turned on. I've always loved women in their underwear. I had the whipped cream. She lay down on the hallway floor...ready for me to squirt her...I did, on her stomach...she had been giggling anyway, and I was lightly tickling her.

Without any warning as soon as she felt the cold whipped cream on her skin she began uncontrollably to wet her panties and the floor...laughing hysterically. I didn't see her at first, but then realized what was going on....I squatted some more on her...then stopped...and watched her soak herself, laughing out of control and peeing out of control. I felt her pee through her panties and she made no effort to stop me....I was very turned on. Finally she stopped and I began to lick the whipped cream off her...and hand one hand on her very warm, wet and dripping panties.

I loved it....and she knew it. I got on top of her, and in our beginning love making mixed the whipped cream and her pee all over our bodies. It was lovely, at least for me. I came inside her some while later, not even taking her soaked panties off, but pulling them to one side. We made love very intensely, I feeling her wet ass as we rolled on the floor, loving the way the warm wet cotton felt and we fucked.

We never managed to repeat that. Probably a one time experience....But Joanne is a woman who's often had and still has peeing accidents, and many, many close calls. But, again, those are another story.

That's it for the three times I've tickled a girl or woman and she's wet herself. I've talked with many women who've wet themselves from laughing too hard, and have been with Joanne at least a dozen times she wet her pants or panties from laughing too hard...sometimes just a small spot, other times an out of control accident where she's totally soaked herself and left a large puddle....a few times in very public places like an outside bar and on the street. Once at a street fair.

I knew a few girls in college who'd wet themselves from laughing too hard...and loved their embarrassment and the way they told the story. I have a close friend, former lover, who used to wet herself in high school and beyond when she and her sister would get into tickling fights. She's described them to me in some detail. Occasionally her sister would also wet herself, but it was usually my friend....Indeed, she's a women who often has mini-accidents not related to tickling, and an occasional large accident. In fact, I've never known anyone else to have so many small 'spurting' accidents, often a couple a week, mostly small, but not always. But those, too, are subject for another day.

