Sneaking at Night

Author: Lloyd (1995’09)

Recently, I had an experience which has was to become the start of a new phase in my life.  Having read many stories of people, both male and female, who either because of an accident, or for just for fun, have peed through their underpants either into jeans, shorts, or under cover of a skirt of dress, one night, in need of some excitement, I dressed in a pair of stretch jeans, got a towel, and went out to the car.  I put the towel in the boot of the car, as I was planning to be outside the car when I would need it.

I drove under cover of night to the seaside at Sandgate in Brisbane, through the local shopping center, and up to the cliffs at Shorncliffe, where I found a quiet spot to stop the car by the roadside.  At that time of night, I knew that there would not be many cars to contend with; just enough to make what I had in mind an adventure.

I might digress here, to make mention of the fact that I am a male devotee of a practice most female readers would consider a specifically female passtime, or perhaps just weird.  In short, I have a love and perhaps an addiction to peeing in my pants.  I love the feeling of holding on until I am bursting to pee, then when I can no longer hold it, let go a squirt.  Of course, this is just not enough, so without any further ado, I let go another, much harder and longer squirt, enough to force some of my urine out through the material of my jeans and onto the chair, or a towel if I have thought of putting one under me before I got carried away with what I was doing.

But this night, I had determined to do something much more insane and exciting, and as I neared the place where I would do what I had in mind, my heart started pounding in my chest, and the adrenalin started running in my blood as I checked out my surroundings to see if I truly could get away with it.  I had parked the car in a corner of the road, where the road ends at a lookout.  I looked down the road in both directions.  I had parked the car in an orientation which would cover me from one direction, and I planned to stand side on to any traffic coming from the other direction so as to avoid being caught just by passers-by.  They were going to have to stop and check me out to see what I was up to!

I stood there building up the courage (and internal pressure!) to do it, and waiting for cars to go by.  There weren't all that many, but every time I though I was ready, another would pass by.  Finally, there were no more cars, and as I felt the pressure rising and my bladder's floodgates about to open, with no more cars to disturb my concentration, I looked out to sea across the Bay to Recliffe Peninsula, the lights of Redcliffe and the Houghton Highway connecting it with the mainland, and I though how wonderful it was to be here, right now in these beautiful surroundings, with the lights reflecting off the water and the sound of the sea softly rippling on the beach and rocks down below, and I felt it come.

The first small squirt warmed the crotch of my underpants and I could feel the liquid soak through as the seam of my jeans soaked it up.  I kept up the slight pressure necessary to maintain what was as yet only a slow trickle, and luxuriated in the feeling of the warmth and wetness spreading around my crotch and the tops of my thighs.  I kept a lookout for cars, but miraculously, after so many had disturbed my earlier concentration, not a one was to be seen.  By now my reflexes had started to take over and I had to hold back to avoid emptying myself completely in one monumental flood down my legs.

I could feel the urine trickling down my legs now, reaching my knees and tickling the tops of my calves as it found its way past the restriction of my jeans around my knees.  I became aware of the vaguely metallic, coppery smell of strong, fresh urine, and realised that I had been holding on for literally hours, in preparation for this very moment.  The urge to just let go and flood myself became so great I could almost taste it, and I experienced a feeling tantamount to an incipient orgasm, but still I held out, savouring the wanton wetness, the absolute joy of peeing slowly and very deliberately, through my tight undrpants, into the crotch of my jeans, and feeling it spreading in all directions from there, back between my legs, and up the seat of my jeans, captured partially by the thich material and made to do far more damage that would have occurred in just my underpants standing in the bath at home.

Finally, I just could not stand it.  The urge to let go was too great, and with a relaxing exhalation of breath, I opened up.  The feeling was just wonderful as my bladder relieved itself in my pants, and then another reflex took over and I just couldn't stop myself pushing hard as the remainder of my urine flowed quickly down my legs, to trickle quietly on the grass.  I could hardly hear a thing although I thought at one point, just before my underpants totally filled to saturation point, that I heard the tell-tale sound of muffled hissing, but I could not be sure because of the sounds of the sea.

Finally, my peeing reached its end, and, pushing all the way, it stopped suddenly as my bladder collapsed on itself in a valiant effort to give my one last squirt.  Then in a series of muscular contractions, reminiscent, yet again, of orgasm, I squirted once, twice, three times into my urine soaked underpants, and I was drying up.  I kept squirting smaller and smaller squirts until there was almost no urine in them but I kept going just for the wonderful feeling in my bladder that is to me, in some ways, even better than sex.

I finally came down to earth and turned to my car, opening the boot to remove the towel I had put there seemingly a lifetime ago, and I heard a car!  It was coming from the direction from which I was out of sight, covered by the car, but I quickly shut the boot to extinguish the light from inside and minimise my being caught.  As the car drove past, turning the corner and driving away from me down the road, I quickly got back into the driver's seat and, with my towel under me, took stock of what I had done.

The pungent smell of strong urine filled the car, and little drips continued to fall from the cuffs of my jeans, my socks and jogging shoes were saturated, and I was in heaven.  I started the engine and drove back to my house, only ten minutes away, but seemingly ten hours, as I wondered how I would explain deliberately peeing a whole bladderful of urine in my jeans to the police imaginarily waiting around every corner to pull ME up for some inconsequencial transgression.

I finally arrived home safely and went inside, took off my drenched jeans, and my shirt, turned all the lights out, got into bed still wearing my soaked underpants.  I massaged myself through them while remembering every girlfriend I had ever had as she peed in panties, swimmers, jeans, shorts, or through the front of her skirt as she deliberately held herself while wantonly peeing through her knickers, and through her fingers and down her legs just for my benefit, and as I reached a momentous climax, and resoaked my underpants with a different liquid, I looked forward to finding the woman who could enjoy what I had just done and would accompany me on many more adventures.  I wonder what my dog makes of all this.  I think she must think humans are pretty strange...

