First Time

Author: Fluidity (1999-05-07 at 23:08) #34379

Indeed. Totally unexpected.

On the drive home from work I had to drop a friend (whom I drive every day) at an unusual place. This (and rain and the resulting heavy Friday New York City traffic) caused the trip to be longer than expected and I was left alone in the car needing to drive across Manhattan on a rainy Friday afternoon. When I dropped her off I only had a hint that I was full. The tension of getting through traffic to the right spot must have preoccupied me. When I drove away I began to realize that I was full.

Not more than ten minutes later, knowing that it would be another 20 minutes to home I was really desperate. I thought of stopping and peeing in the street knowing that everyone could see me; I could never do that. Could I stop and rush into a restaurant. If perhaps a McDonalds I might but there were none here.

Then something that has never happened … I begin to feel that if I just let a few squirts out it would be ok. It was not; by the second squirt I knew that I was going to empty myself and I did. It was not erotic. It was simply releiving discomfort. So I sat in my wet pee for twenty or or so minutes. I stopped and double parked outside my apartment. I took my lightweight jacket and tied it around my waist to hide my wet butt (not too well I imagine). I hoped to have the elevator (and operator) to myself but someone else, a lovely blonde woman, came in. I knew she and the elevator operator must smell the hot pee

I changed and went down to park my car. I took a plastic sack to sit on.

Does anyone know how badly the smell of urine hangs around in a car seat? Will it dry by Monday morning?

It was a first time. I am not looking forward to a second.

