Chapter #07

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 08:26)

So many things raced through my mind as we sat with our sandwiches and wine that I became light-headed. I had found the pile of my clothes in the pantry where I'd dropped them while searching out that bowl. Self-consciously I'd slipped back into my panties. And, somehow, it made me feel less noticeable to everyone passing through to the loo or raiding the frig. Bill was still starkers and seemed to take no notice of it whatsoever. That I had never done most of the things that had occurred this night was the grossest of understatements. Something had come alive in mea and I had Vanessa, where ever she'd gotten to, to thank for helping my over a threshold. This was the thing that had me in such a stir. I was doing woman things. 

Before this night I had been doing girl things. And this awareness had me both giddy and frightened, all at once. Heck, I didn't even know that Vanessa was into doing what I had witnessed. To me she was just an inexperienced teenager, like myself. I looked over at Bill and felt an attraction I had never known was possible to feel. I wanted him! I mean really wanted. It was a hunger, as well as a curiosity. I tingled in all my sexual hot spots just thinking about being touched by him…and touching him, too. That feeling grew in magnitude when I remembered the pee things we had done. Watching him pee was the most powerful aphrodisiac I'd ever encountered. I realized just then that I didn't merely want him. I craved his maleness.

I desired to be wrapped in the raw sexual power I felt radiating from him; to feel him come erect in my hand; to share his excitement as his arousal grew; to experience his spasmodic explosions. And to play in his cum, as Vanessa had; to feel it on me and in me! Then with a start, I realized that I wanted to feel his pee, as well. In my hand, all over my body and even in the hair on my head. I wanted to soak in anything that came out of his gorgeous penis/cock! I'd never desired to actually be peed on, before…had barely fantasized about it. For a moment I worried that I had gone completely perverted. But, with this man, those things felt as if they would be perfectly natural. And the thoughts were making me warm and wet right about where my panties pressed into the chair.

My thoughts were interrupted when a couple entered the room and stopped at our table. I'm not very tall and in a chair my view is not so lofty. I looked to my right and I was staring directly into downy red pubic hairs that still glistened from lovemaking. Her thighs were parted slightly and I could see more slippery wetness there. I quickly pulled my focus up to her face, embarrassed that I'd be found out for the pervert I was. On the way to her face I took in smallish but firm breasts, whose nipples were still flushed and erect. She was tall, over 5'10'', and she was a lot better than average for looks. (Now, I must confess that I have a thing for red headed girls. They turn me on without the slightest sexual provocation. They only have to be there!) This one was standing within a few inches of me, stark naked and glistening of love. I could even smell her heady aroma. I know that I was staring, but she took no notice. In fact she was looking at Bill and smiling.

Although, had the opportunity presented itself, I likely would have buried my face between her legs, I was instantly jealous. She must have been twenty-one (or two) and a whole lots more sophisticated than me, but I was about to jump up and get in her face! Then she froze me with two words, “Hello, Bill.” I gaped. Bill looked up and said, “Hi Shannon. I see you are having a good time.” She looked from Bill to me and back, with an eyebrow raised, and commented that he seemed to be doing likewise.

Her 'date' pulled himself out of the frig and looked at us. He looked as if he'd been “road hard and put away wet”. I believe that's the expression. He said to Bill, “the second bedroom is available, if you hurry.” Bill looked over to me, and I'll be damned, if he didn't look embarrassed. I know he wanted to ask but was searching for the right words. 'Red' was still gazing at Bill as if he were a prize to be wrested from me. So I grabbed him by the hand and said, “let's get there before someone else does.” He got up and only paused long enough to grab the half-finished bottle of Chablis and our glasses.

Passing down the hallway toward the bedrooms we glanced into an open door and saw where Vanessa had ended up. I was shocked, but only a little. She was doing another threesome. Only this time she was riding on some guy and frenching a woman, while working rather rapidly at her bottom with a free hand. Bill commented, “I see your friend is still here. She seems insatiable.” I admitted that I hadn't known that side of her until this evening. He then asked if she had done that to me. I said,” no!” I know my blush told him what a hot button that was for me. We reached the empty bedroom and shut the door behind us.

Something about the door being shut changed things. I was now more frightened than curious. Bill sat down on the bed and set the wine and glasses on the nightstand. He looked at me still standing in the middle of the room and read my dismay. He said that, if I were uncomfortable, we could open the door and go back to the living room. That nothing had to happen unless I truly wanted it. I sputtered something to the effect that I wanted things to happen, but I was nervous. 

He finally asked me the question I feared most. “How old are you?” I wanted to lie. I almost did. But I just couldn't. I wanted his respect as much as I wanted the rest of him. I told him seventeen and a half, plus a little. For the first time his smile was totally gone. The concern on his face scared me more that my lack of experience. My emotions got the best of me and I began to sob. He was immediately off the bed and at my side. He put an arm around my shoulder and just held me. I babbled my feelings to him, figuring that I had nothing to lose. I even told him just how much it meant to me when he peed for me.

I admitted that peeing was a super turn-on for me. I admitted that I had very little experience with boys and none, except him, with men. Then he asked the question I fear second most. “Are you a virgin?” I could only nod and bury my face in his shoulder. “Then we'll have to slow things down and make sure that you don't get hurt, here.” I looked up at him and asked, “you mean you aren't leaving?”

“Not on my life, he responded. You're incredible. You seem so open and wild, yet so totally honest and vulnerable. I've no intention of leaving you. I want to know you, if you'll let me”.

I sagged into his arms and wept from relief and joy. Then I giggled and told him just how frightened I had been that I was about to blow a chance to know him. He lifted my face and gently wiped off the tears, then kissed me. We stayed there, in the center of the room for quite a while, just cuddling and kissing. I even confessed that, although I didn't feel I was ready tonight, I promised that he would have my 'cherry'! He said that perhaps it was a little early to be making such commitments. I replied that I had already decided and that it was mine to give. The man actually blushed and mumbled something about being honored. I think I fell in love in that instant.

Presently, Bill brought me back to the bed and we sat. He refilled our wineglasses and turned serious again. He looked into my eyes and said that he needed to get one thing straight. “Just what is it about peeing that so effects you…I mean beyond the kid's stuff about watching the opposite sex doing it?” It took me almost an hour to spell it all out the best I could. I'd never had to really analyze those desires, much less put them into comprehensible words. (I did withhold the new feelings I was having, about wanting him to pee on me. I just felt too scared to say that. But I had definite hopes…). Still, the more I explained, the randier I got! I think it was having a similar effect on Bill. He became more and more interested as I spoke. 

I even let him know about my affair with another girl and how we'd play wet games together. I think that got to him more than any other part of my tale. By the time I was finished, so was the wine. I became aware of a building need to pee. I smiled my most demur smile up at Bill and told him of my need. I asked him if he'd care to watch. He reddened slightly and nodded. Then he took my near hand and placed it onto his crotch. He was erect! I'd been looking at his face and hadn't noticed. He said, “I'd really like to see you pee. Can't you tell?” It was my turn to blush and I nearly wet my panties right there on the bed. I recovered and said, “let's go to the loo”.

We got up to go and Bill stopped me. “If we leave, we'll likely loose this room. And there are a few things I'd really like us to share yet”.

“That'll take quite a while. Won't it?” I asked. He said yes. “Then we'll have to find a way for me to pee for you, here”.

“And for me to pee for you too. I have need, as well,” he replied. I fondled his stiff cock for a moment and wondered aloud just how he intended to do that through such an erection…I knew a thing or two about male anatomy. Bill smiled his smile again and said that I would just have to lead off; then we could find some way to make his problem go away, so he could pee, too. I giggled and squirmed. I told him that I was getting very excited by all this and, that when I got randy, my need to pee usually became critical. In other words, I was close to peeing in my panties. He asked, “really?”

And I replied, “would you like that,” adding that I would. I didn't wait for an answer. I stood and spread my legs in front of him and relaxed just a bit. I sighed and let a small squirt of pee into the fabric of my panty crotch. That area was already so damp from my horniness that it could barely contain the additional moisture. A trickle ran down my left thigh and a few drops fell to the floor. Bill sat there and watched, transfixed. I let another squirt go and felt pee trickling down both thighs. I heard it dripping onto the floor this time. So I held up and looked around frantically for something to catch it all. And, I was suddenly aware that I had more in me than I'd thought.

I reached past Bill and grabbed one of the wine goblets. He was still staring at the wetness between my legs and waiting for more. I had to put the glass into his line of sight to get him to take it. Bill said, “you want to drink?”

I thought, “Christ in Heaven, how could anybody drink pee. He's more perverted than me!” Bill continued, that he'd really rather go for more wine after we'd finished and kind of figured that I had to go too much to consider another drink right now. I giggled and said, “no, silly, hold the glass so you can catch what I do. We can't very well pee all over someone else's bedroom.” He looked respectably sheepish and held the glass where I indicated. Still giggling, I let loose and pissed hard through my panties and into the goblet. Bill said, “wow!” And I could see his stiffy dance to greater height. He really was enjoying this and I nearly came at the realization! He suddenly said, “hold it! The glass is getting full”.

I looked down and saw that he was right. It took a lot of will power to stop, but I managed. By the time I quit, the glass was brimming with my golden piss. Bill had to move it gingerly to the nightstand to set it down. As he did some of the contents splashed over the lip and ran across his fingers. The sight of that gave me a shiver. It was almost as if I had peed on him, and that picture filled me with lust. He carefully set the glass down and then did something I'll never forget. I don't know if it was an absentminded reaction or purposeful, and I really don't care to know. But he put his wet fingers into his mouth and sucked off the drops of pee! He looked surprised. Whether it was from the action of the taste is another question I don't want answered. I just want to remember the scene as it happened. I just stood there, with my panties dripping onto the floor and came incredibly close to another unassisted orgasm.

Bill looked up at me and asked where I was going to put the rest of my pee. There was only one goblet left, and that was his. I looked around for some other receptacle. Seeing nothing I commented, “guess I'll just have to save the rest for later.” He asked if I'd done enough to be comfortable for a while. I thought about it and said yes, but asked why? He just patted the mattress and said that it might be a while before I got another chance. I put on a coy face and said that, if things went too long, I might just have to wet the bed. His hard on jumped at that and I wondered just how far this could all go.

Bill reached out and slowly peeled my wet panties down to my ankles and I stepped out of them. He explored my wet bottom, first with his eyes, then his gentle fingers. He felt every centimeter of wetness, passing over my vaginal slit and my clit several times. Each time I shivered and groaned. Then he pulled me closer to his face. (I was still standing in front of him as he sat on the edge of the bed.) He whispered that my description of how sensual my pee-wet privates were to me was a real turn-on for him. He inhaled the fragrance of my pee and hot pussy juices with closed eyes and an angel's smile. He repeated the motion with his nose even closer to me, just brushing my wet hairs. I shook at the feather's touch and the sight of his action. He felt my reaction and looked up at me. There was a question in his eyes. But, before I could cipher it, he buried his face into my crotch and started licking my bottom!

I nearly collapsed from the elevator drop I experienced inside me. He was lapping up my pee and my juices, and with obvious delight. The thought alone would have been enough to bring me to orgasm. But, his use of his tongue (and lips) all over my privates was something I had never known before. Oh, I'd been licked before, and by another girl. But not like this. He knew things about my anatomy and my responses that even I didn't know. It was a matter of but a few seconds and I began to tremble with approaching orgasm. When it hit, it was like an earthquake! I shuddered and spasmed and cried out. As it began to taper and die, it happened again! And then again! I finally collapsed as if I had suddenly been deprived of every bone in my body. Bill collected me in his arms as I went down. He eased me onto the bed and wrapped himself around my sharing my aftershocks and shaking ever so slightly, himself.

It seemed like an age before I could breathe properly again. When I came around I saw that I was laying on my side facing Bill. Our heads were on pillows that I don't remember being there. He looked puzzled and very happy, all at once. And his face was still damp with my moistures. I could even smell my own heady aroma coming off his cheek. I reached over and planted a proper kiss of gratitude on his lips and was rewarded with a taste of what had just occurred.

I whispered into his ear that one good turn deserved another, that I wanted to go down on him. He pulled away and said he already had a blowjob I said, “not by me alone.” He kissed me and asked my to roll over onto my back, explaining that he would prefer to do unto me this time; and that, if I so wished, I could do unto him another time. He wanted to pleasure me, so he said, by way of thanks for our meeting. What could I say? I was under his spell and willing to do anything he wanted. So I rolled over into the center of the bed.

I came back away with a shock! Others had been there before us (how many I'll never know). And the evidence was there in the form of a huge wet spot! It was also quite cold. Now, normally, the idea of laying naked in another person's sexual leavings would never have seemed appealing to me. But that night it was one more naughty stimulus. The trouble is it would have worked much better if it were still warm. I explained this to Bill. He said it sounded like another aspect to my enormous potential for finding sensuality in private fluids. He thought about it for a second and agreed. He also wished it were warm.

I suddenly felt very devilish and said that I could warm it up for us, if he approved. He asked how and I explained. His answer was to slide down between my legs so he could watch. I got up into a kneeling position with my legs spanning the wet area. I said that I hoped that their mattress pan was a good one. And I commenced to peeing. As my flow built I started gyrating my hips around in order to cover the whole area. I saw Bill grab his cock as he watched. He stroked himself along the entire shaft. I was instantly turned on again and knew that I would soon be erupting once more. I really had no intention of soaking their bed. But I was so caught up in the moment that I lost all hope of logical control. I just emptied my bladder there and began masturbating to Bill's rhythms. When he saw me do that he made an animal noise and increased the speed and strength of his pumping.

I reached down to the soggy sheets with my free hand and felt the warm wetness there. I flattened my palm and swept it all around the soaked area, rubbing my bottom with the other hand and watching Bill's movements with my eyes. I said, in a voice suddenly gone husky, “its warm now…and really wet!” Bill moved so quickly that it startled me for a moment. He took me with both hands and laid me directly onto the wetness. He spread my legs and pressed a hand into the sheets and moved it all about.

Then he wrapped that hand around his, now throbbing, prick and began pumping it again! I immediately resumed rubbing myself. I knew that my orgasm was close. I told him as much and he changed his movements. He got to his knees and moved in between my thighs, all without missing a beat on his swelling manhood. He lowered himself down to where he was nearly atop me and stopped pumping. (I thought for a moment that this was it…I was about to give it up right then. But I was strangely unafraid.) Bill had another thought in mind and I ended up enjoying it. He laid his staff across my mons and began slowly stroking it against me. With each movement to the front he would raise his shoulders and bring his hips down. 

This motion caused the lower half of his shaft to slide between my pussy lips and travel over my urethra and clit. My response was immediate and nearly automatic. I got into his rhythm and counterstroked to meet his thrusts. (This is how I imagined lovemaking would be, only with the addition of vaginal penetration.). We went on that way for perhaps three minutes. By that time I was trembling all over and we were both sweating a flood. He told me that he was nearing climax and asked if it were OK that he cum on me. I did the only thing that my state of hyper-arousal would allow. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him down onto me so that there was no chance of breaking contact. Then I just let go and orgasmed. I t was the strongest orgasm I'd ever experiences to that time, and few have ever been quite that good since.

And right in the middle of it I felt Bill tense as if he'd been electrocuted. He stayed frozen at the end of an up stroke and I was pumping furiously against his throbbing shaft. Then he shivered and shook and started pumping at a rate that was so fast that it nearly burned my delicate bottom. As he pumped, he lifted his weight off me slightly and then stopped again. This time I stopped with him. From somewhere deep within him came a sound that I heard for the first time that night. It was almost an animal growl. At its ebb, he suddenly jerked several times and I could feel the hot splatter of his sperm shooting against my belly and groin. I went crazy with unbridled lust. I ground my belly into his, pushing my pussy up and along his still pulsing rod. I came again and again!

There is not a lot more to tell about that night, except that we exchanged phone numbers after we cleaned up and found our clothes. We weren't the last to leave that party, but it was close. It was dawn before Vanessa and I returned home. And, yes, I did get to watch Bill pee again! And, oh by the way, we never stopped seeing one another after that.
