Rebecca The Nurse

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Upon graduating college with a degree in nursing, I searched and searched for an opening at a hospital so that I could put my skills to good use. Now, I know what you’re thinking, a male nurse? What’s up with that? I don’t know really, I just enjoy helping people, and nursing seemed like my calling. After nearly a month of searching, I finally found a position at South Side General Hospital. It was a good job, not flashy, but what I wanted. Our boss could be demanding, the hours could be long and our breaks few, but I liked my job and the other nurses (all females) and I got along exceptionally well. And actually, it’s with one of those other nurses that this story really begins.

It was on my first day that I met Rebecca. She was big for a woman. Not fat, not at all. She was tall, probably a shade over 6 feet, and full-bodied. Rebecca wasn’t a twig, but she fit her body perfectly. She was a very curvy woman too, with DD breasts that stood pretty well on their own and an ass to die for. It was noticeably thick and round, even with her nursing attire on. She was a brunette, but her long, straight hair had just a hint of red in it also. Her eyes were a piercing green. Rebecca had been working at this hospital for a number of years, and at 35 years old, she managed combine having a sexy young body with a MILF-like body and personality, all wrapped into one. She caught me staring at her voluptuous form on that first day, and she smiled and promised she’d be keeping an eye on me for the duration of my time at South Side General. And as she walked away from me, I couldn’t help but realize how much she captivated me.

As luck would have it, or perhaps fate, I was given a schedule identical to hers and ended up with her as one of the nurses I was working with almost constantly. Rebecca and I began to banter with each other when we had the chance, and we soon grew to be at ease with each other. She treated me with affection…it was an older affection, but not of the motherly sort, and I struggled to place it. Still, I enjoyed her company equally and always brightened when I saw her.

With the long shifts at the hospital, sometimes as long as 8 or 12 hours without a break, I soon encountered a problem. After perhaps 6 hours, my bladder would be sending stronger and stronger signals of discomfort, as I was drinking a lot of fluids and not able to take a break to utilize the staff restrooms. The first time this happened, when I was sure I would not be able to make it until the end of my shift without some serious problems, I meekly asked Rebecca if she could cover for me briefly.

After refusing unless I told her why, I even more meekly replied that I was in dire need of the facilities. She laughed, teased me a bit good-naturedly, and bade me to go, as she would indeed cover for me. I thanked her and told her I’d be happy to do the same for her, should she ever need it. I swear I saw a twinkle in her eye as Rebecca told me that that would not be necessary, since she didn’t ever have to take breaks during work like me. I contemplated what she said on the way to the toilet, and found myself with a raging hardon. The thing that turned me on more than anything else was a woman who had such a strong bladder that she almost never needed to relieve herself, and it occurred to me that Rebecca might just be that woman. After peeing, I couldn’t help but wank myself and blow my load in the bowl.

Over the next few days and weeks I tried to rationalize what she had told me. Maybe, I thought, she doesn’t drink as much water as I do. So I tried to follow her liquid intake for a few days, and to my disbelief discovered that she was drinking much more than I was! I also kept close tabs on her bathroom usage at work, and not once did I see her even make a motion or look twice at a restroom. And that includes one day where we were dreadfully understaffed and had to work a 15 hour shift! Rebecca covered me three times that day. It gave me an excuse to bring up the subject of her bladder in conversation, but she smiled and told me that she had a good bladder, so I didn’t have to worry. The look of confidence on her face, combined with the way she patted her lower abdomen while she said those words, stayed with me for many nights as a thought that would regularly make me gush cum.

One day, maybe a week after the 15 hour shift, I was running late on my way to work and didn’t have a chance to pee in the morning. I got to South Side in time, desperate to relieve myself, and immediately sought out Rebecca to cover for me. “What, already?” she asked me light-heartedly. I explained that I hadn’t gone yet today, and as it was nearly 10 am (2 hours since I had woken up), I was pretty desperate to go. “Ah, ok,” she said, and then, as I was nearly out the door, she added, “You should know, that’s pretty normal for me, not going when I wake up.” Why, I nearly ran to the toilet that day to pound one out before getting back on my shift. Rebecca was getting more fantastical to me by the day.

I discovered that I wanted to talk to her more, and to be with her more, than I could be when we were simply working together. It wasn’t just because she was sexually attractive to me, though I can’t deny that wasn’t a large factor in the decision. But as we kept working together I felt oddly close to her, despite our 13 year age difference. We were already eating our lunches together nearly every day, so, building up as much courage as I could, one evening I asked Rebecca if she would like to accompany me to dinner. We were just finishing a 12 hour shift (7 am – 7 pm), and I knew from earlier conversations that she lived alone, so the odds of her being free were good, I assumed. She seemed slightly startled at the question, but looked me in the eyes, saw I was serious, and then, to my great relief, eased her expression and said that she would be delighted to get dinner with me.

20 minutes later we were sitting at an Applebees, eyes pouring over the menus in front of us. I settled on the chicken, and Rebecca got the fish. That’s not the important part. The important part is that I ordered a water, while she ordered a large water and a large root beer. I tried to push all thoughts of eroticism out of my mind so that I could better enjoy my first dinner with Rebecca, but knowing that she’d not relieved herself for the 12 hour shift, plus possibly not even taking a pee in the morning, was driving me crazy. Here was a woman, ravishing and strong-willed, who had resisted taking a bathroom break for nearly 24 hours if all my assumptions were correct! And to top it all off, she was sitting, not in desperation, but calmly, and she was drinking two large drinks without a care in the world.

Amazingly, despite the distractions, we managed to talk and laugh and enjoy each other’s company like never before. I felt a bond forming between us. But I couldn’t resist pushing my luck…and so, as I came back from the men’s room after our meal, I inquired as to whether she too would like some relief, since she hadn’t gone in oh so long. Rebecca gave me that same smile, though perhaps a bit wider, and her lips seemed to be parted just a bit. She told me, with nearly a sultry look in her eyes (or was it just my imagination?!), that her bladder was not full and that hopefully, by now, I was beginning to realize how much it took to fill her up. I nearly fainted as we made our way back to our cars and left after a friendly hug.

Dinners became a regular occurrence from that point on, happening at least three times a week. I tried to refrain from making comments about her bladder, but every time I did she answered them warmly and with an enthusiastic glint in her eye. I wondered if she was perhaps trying to show off for me. I wondered a lot of things. But some weeks after that, I got shocked even more by her bladder’s capacity. All the nurses decided to go out for drinks at the local pub one night, and, this being after a 10 hour shift for Rebecca and I, I was confident that she would have to break the seal at some point.

After all, she was tossing back pints with grave regularity, 6 in all if I counted correctly. I had to go and piss many times that night, but when we left Rebecca’s bladder remained unrelieved. I asked her about it, and she (slightly drunkenly) replied, “What, my iron tankard here? Nah, it doesn’t need emptied quite yet.” while rubbing her lower abdomen. I thought I could detect a bulge that wasn’t normally there, but it could have been my bladder-obsessed mind playing tricks on me. And so we left, with me in more amazement than usual.

Rebecca and I grew closer still over the coming months. We were spending more and more time together. And as we did, I felt myself falling in love with her. I’m sure she felt it as well. Finally it reached a tipping point one night, as we both ended up professing our love for one another and going back to her apartment to have romantic sex and sleep together. And soon that became how we’d spend at least one night every week, usually a weekend night. But occasionally we ended up doing this routine on a weekday, if we couldn’t stand to hold in our lust for an extra couple of days. The sex was amazing. It was like we were connected mentally, to the point that we each knew exactly how to best pleasure the other.

And I should point out that, despite now seeing Rebecca with great frequency, I still had yet to see her need to pee. She would endure a 12 hour shift, followed by a night with me, and then another 10-12 hour shift the next day all without a stop for the loo. All without even a sign that she needed to pee! It was as if Rebecca was immune to this biological need. And despite how close we were, and despite how we occasionally joked about her super-strong bladder, I couldn’t yet bring myself to reveal my fetish for women with bladders like hers to her.

Our love grew and grew and grew, to the point that it seemed to be endless. And when that happened, I knew what I had to do. One full year after meeting Rebecca for the first time, I proposed to her. Tearful joy overcame her as she hugged me tight and told me she would love nothing more than to marry me. We quickly set up a date for the wedding, and a few months later it was finally time.

But one other significant thing happened before the wedding. It was a week to the day before we were to be wed, and I finally came clean to her about my fetish, and my love of her bladder. She regarded me for a moment with a look of surprise that I hadn’t seen since I first asked her out to that Applebees many months ago. I feared the worst, but slowly Rebecca revealed to me that she too had a fetish, and that what she loved was to have an iron bladder and to be able to contain unbearable pressures of pee for hours upon hours without an outward sign of struggle. Many times, she told me, she had been full to the brim with hot, steaming pee while in my presence, but she never let it overcome her. I begged her to see her pushed to her bladder’s limit, but she refused, only telling me to look forward to our honeymoon.

At last the wedding was upon us. It was an evening wedding, and, as is customary, I had not seen my beautiful bride all day. When she walked down the aisle to the altar I thought to myself that I had never seen a more stunning woman in my entire life. Rebecca looked positively sexy in her low-cut wedding dress, yet refined enough for the occasion. We said our vows and I do’s, and we were married! I couldn’t believe how lucky I was. We got to the reception afterwards and I remembered that I was lucky for multiple reasons. Rebecca was knocking back glasses of ice water like they were nothing, and she’d had to have drank at least a couple of liters by the end of the night. And, as always, her bladder remained locked shut!

We reached our hotel room around midnight. We would be taking a plane to the beaches of Spain to enjoy our honeymoon, but that was not until tomorrow. Rebecca and I cuddled close in bed, soon overcome with the lust of newlyweds, and we furiously began to have sex, cowgirl style. My wife rode me for half an hour before I was about to burst inside of her.

And that’s when she decided to tell me, in her most sexy voice, “You know, I peed last night before bed. I haven’t gone at all yet today, and since I’m your wife now, I think it’s only right that you finally get to see me let loose a gusher.” That put me right on the edge, and then she added, “Of course, that won’t be tonight. I’m gonna hold off until I’m positively bursting with piss!” That did it, I exploded inside of her more forcefully than I ever had before! Rebecca rode me until I was going soft, and then dismounted me and lay next to me to go to sleep. My hand ended up on her bulging bladder, and my penis stirred long before I slept.

We were up early the next day to catch our flight. I used the toilet, feeling my morning pee filling my bladder, but Rebecca, of course, just grabbed a water bottle from the mini fridge and sipped from it on our way out of the hotel. We took a cab to the airport, and had enough time to get some proper breakfast before our flight. Of course, that included more drinks for my iron-bladdered wife, this time a large orange juice and a cup of coffee. The flight was 8 hours, and I needed to get up twice to use the in-flight restroom. We were in a three seat side of the plane, and the man on the end kept offering to get up and let “the lady” use the bathroom, but Rebecca finally told him that she did not bother with things like peeing. And it was true! She still showed no sign of needing the loo as we touched down in beautiful Spain.

We had decided not to worry about the time difference while in Spain and just stay on the US time we were already on, so my wife and I stayed up long into the night, fell asleep, and awoke around noon in Spain. Over 55 hours since my darling Rebecca last opened her floodgates, and again she walked past the bathrooms as if they were not even there. I felt her bladder, and it was hard and full, but even when I pressed on it she showed no outward sign of having any urge. I was simply fascinated by my strong and powerful wife!

Rebecca and I hit the beach for the day. We laughed at how her bikini bottoms had to stretch over the bulbous bulge in her abdomen. We remained at the beach all day, and I noticed that she was walking more stiffly and carefully than before, as if she was trying not to bump her bladder or put too much strain on it. Only because I had been with her all the time and was looking for it was I able to tell of her distress, because she kept up her cheerful demeanor and carefree attitude! I asked her about it around midday, and Rebecca confided in me that “I’m bursting pretty badly, look how full I am!”, putting my hand on her rock-hard bladder. But she didn’t seem unhappy or pained, and then jogged back into the water. And, as always, Rebecca drank probably two liters of water that day.

We finally headed back to our hotel that night, around midnight, and with nearly 70 hours of piss boiling inside her, I could see that my Rebecca was getting uncomfortable, walking slowly next to me and bending over slightly due to her fullness. I could not wait to reach the hotel room and watch my love let loose with a deafening blast of pee! So imagine my surprise when, instead of heading straight for the toilet, she immediately got on her knees in our room to suck me off. I withstood her marvelous mouth for 15 minutes before getting onto the bed for some 69. And I couldn’t help but press on her bladder while fingering her, which only made her moan more loudly! Finally we finished up with amazing doggy-style sex, and as I awaited my golden show, Rebecca simply laid next to me and fell asleep. I could not believe her enormous bladder!

We awoke the next morning, and Rebecca was shifting around in the bed incessantly, the pressure in her bladder finally too much to ignore after nearly 80 hours of being kept inside her. Once again I waited for her to enter the bathroom, but instead she fidgeted into some clothes over her skimpy swimsuit and we made our way down to the beach once more. Her fidgeting grew more pronounced over the day, and by early afternoon it had evolved into full-blown pee dancing! I never thought I would see my iron-willed Rebecca looking like a schoolgirl about to lose her pee in a long class, but she seemed to finally be at that point. I suggested going back to the hotel room, but Rebecca looked at me sternly while popping open a can of iced tea and insisted that we stay there. I didn’t argue much, because I was getting the best desperation show of my life!

Rebecca fought her way to 6 pm before telling me quickly that we should go back to the hotel room. Her legs were pretzeled up as she spoke, and I had no doubt that her tired and revolting bladder had reached its limit. She hobbled back with me to our hotel, wincing and gasping and moaning, and finally we were in the privacy of our own room.

Rebecca finally, finally made her way towards the bathroom, intent on giving me a show of relief, but I had other plans. “Get on the bed,” I commanded her. I was not usually the sexual aggressor, and I could see from the look in her eyes how much it turned her on. She stamped her feet in desperation, then agreed. My iron-bladdered nurse was going to have her self-control tested! I licked her, fingered her, fucked her doggy style, missionary position, and anally, and the whole time Rebecca was moaning and panting furiously, scissoring her legs in a desperate last-ditch effort to hold her mammoth load of pee, and alternating cursing because of pleasure and bladder agony.

After over an hour of intense, passionate, bladder busting love-making, Rebecca frantically sprang from the bed and rushed into the bathroom. Just as she began to sit over the toilet, I stopped her again. She whimpered, but I just turned on the shower and followed her into it. The warm, cascading water wreaked havoc on the last of her sphincter’s iron control, and she crouched over, hand in her crotch, trying to stave off the flow of pressurized urine that so desperately wanted to exit her stretched and aching bladder after 90 hours within her. I watched her struggle for a few minutes, mesmerized at her control. Then I made her stand and hug me, legs spread, using only her prodigious muscle strength to keep the flood at bay.

Her body shook against mine, she squeezed for everything she was worth, and I could feel just how amazingly stretched and firm her bladder was as it pressed up against my stomach. After one more agonizing minute, Rebecca clenched as hard as she could, eyes closed, struggling mightily, before her overworked sphincter muscle finally gave out and pee began to erupt from her huge bladder. I hugged her closer and closer to me as her gigantic organ slowly deflated, 90 hours of pent-up pee jetting out of her and into the tub. It was a dream come true, and it was too sexy for me. I lost my load right there, spurting against her stomach as her golden flow rained down, and we both moaned from the pleasure of it all. Her steam continued on for over 4 minutes at amazing pressure before it slowed and stopped.

Since then, I’ve had many more experiences with my wife Rebecca and her amazing bladder of steel, but that one will always stick out to me as being the first time I witnessed the true power of her gargantuan nurse’s bladder.

