(Alternative Ending) The Dorothy J. Etherington School for Girls (Chapter 1) - Omorashi & peeing fiction - OmoOrg

By xinycep (2013-07-15 04:28)

CREDITS: The Dorothy J. Etherington School for Girls was written by Eratosthenes, with acknowledgement to the Ripple Story Index.

The story was previously discussed in this thread: https://omorashi.org/topic/7517-anyone-have-the-final-installment-of-this/

A repost of the original story is here: http://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/149449.htm

(I don't know where the story was first posted)

Only the modified ending (the final 25%) posted here was written by me (xinycep).

~

XINYCEP'S AUTHOR'S NOTE:

A few months ago while reading Eratosthenes' story, I came up with an alternative ending for the first chapter.  Actually, I totally expected the story to go in a certain direction, but in fact it went in a totally different direction.  So this alternative ending is the path I originally expected the story to take.

This alternative ending for chapter 1 completely breaks continuity with the rest of Eratosthenes' chapters and, at this time, I'm not planning to take the alternative story any further, so it will remain just a typical short omorashi story with limited plot :)

The first 75% of the story is copied nearly verbatim from chapter 1 of the original story, although I did make a few minor grammar corrections.

I do not have explicit permission from Eratosthenes to post an alternative ending to their story, primarily because I have no idea how to contact them.  If they come across this story in the future and object to my use of their work, then it will need to be removed.

~

ERATOSTHENES' AUTHOR'S NOTE:

This story was inspired by, and is heavily influenced by a story on the Ripple Story Index website (ripple-story-index.web1000.com) (there is no www in front of this URL). My thanks to the author of "Bedroom Torture". This story is essentially an expansion of "Bedroom Torture". I can only hope that it is in keeping with the original concept. This story focuses mainly on bedwetting and pants wetting, however there are brief mentions of poop, though not many [and none in chapter 1 ~X].

====

Sixteen year old Melanie Willis walked into the dorm quietly and surveyed her surroundings.  Melanie was new at Etherington, and she was a little nervous today - her first day at the exclusive private school.  The dorm had only six beds in it, making for a cozier, more intimate atmosphere.  She had been dreading a vast dormitory with forty or fifty beds, something more like an orphanage.  The small dorm made her relax and immediately feel better.  Melanie was a somewhat shy girl by nature.  At 5', 9" she was a statuesque, auburn haired, slender teen, very pretty and eminently desirable to most who saw her, even other girls.

As she stepped into the dorm she noticed right away the one empty bed over by the window, and she began to make her way toward it.  The other five beds were occupied, each by an equally pretty 16 year old girl.  As Melanie tentatively continued in the direction of the empty bed, one of the other girls suddenly got up and stepped toward her.

"Hi", she said with a smile, "I'm Brandy Sumner.  You must be the new girl."

"Um, yeah", Melanie replied shyly, looking at the floor for the most part.

"Well, what's your name?", Brandy prompted gently.

"Melanie", she said quietly, "Melanie Willis".

"Well, welcome to the 4 West Dorm Melanie", Brandy said in a kind voice.

"Thank you", Melanie said.  She managed to produce a smile for them.  It was only then that Melanie noticed that the other girls were all dressed exactly alike: tight blue jeans and ordinary white T-shirts.  Brandy made the introductions all around.  There was Erica Belmore, Andrea Wickman, Carissa Williams and Kyrie Rothman.  All were pretty, and all were surprisingly warm and friendly.  Melanie arrived at her bed and plunked her bags down on it.

"Not too hard to tell which bed is yours huh?", Brandy said with a chuckle.

"Yeah", Melanie smiled back, "I mean no!" She smiled shyly and blushed.

"Don't worry Melanie", Brandy said in a gentle tone of voice, "You'll be comfortable here. We all just want to be really good friends, that's all".

Melanie was quite flattered by that.  She smiled and said, "Thank you Brandy, that's really nice".

As it was already 8:30 in the evening, the day was pretty much done by the time Melanie finished unpacking.  Melanie decided she might as well change into her night clothes: white cotton panties, a white T-shirt and white cotton pajama pants, which were fairly snug on her.  She pulled out a magazine, stretched out on top of her bed, and began to read.  Brandy went back to her own bed and just lounged in her jeans and T-shirt.

To Melanie's surprise, after what seemed like five minutes, Brandy suddenly said, "Well guys, it's 10:45.  Might as well get ready for bed".

They slowly began changing into their night clothes, which were quite similar to Melanie's.  Eventually everyone was in their beds, and as Melanie slipped under the covers, the lights went off.  Melanie found the bed to be surprisingly soft and comfortable and in no time she was soundly asleep.

****

Around 1:30 am Melanie awoke to discover that she needed to pee.  She climbed out of bed and shuffled toward the dormitory door. As she got to it she grabbed the door's handle and pulled and - nothing happened.  The door was locked!  She pulled on the door more and more urgently, but it just wouldn't budge.  She was shocked and upset to discover that they were apparently locked in the room.  She padded back to her bed and sat down.  By now she was starting to jiggle about a little, trying to hold on.  She knew that Brandy was sleeping in the bed beside hers, just five feet to the left of Melanie's bed.

"Brandy?", she said in a loud whisper.

"Hmmm?" Brandy mumbled, coming slowly out of sleep.

"What's the matter Melanie?" she said sleepily.

"The door's locked," Melanie replied anxiously.

"I know. So?" Brandy said.

"Well, how are we supposed to get to the washroom at night?"

"You don't," Brandy whispered back, "Nobody does".

Melanie thought about this for a moment.  She was now squirming on her bed in her increasing state of desperation.

"What do you mean?" She said anxiously, "What if you need to go?"

"You just do."

"What?" Melanie said, hoping she had heard wrong.

"Go," Brandy said again, "Just go.  In your bed."

"Really?" Melanie said in shock.

"Yes," Brandy replied, "Like this."

In the total silence of the dorm Melanie could clearly hear a soft hissing, burbling sound coming from Brandy's bed.  It was quite obvious that she was casually wetting her bed.  Melanie couldn't believe it.

"Did you just go in your bed?" She asked.

"Yep," Brandy replied.  Melanie was stunned.  She was really desperate now, but she was very unsure about peeing in her bed.

"Don't worry Melanie," Brandy said, "it'll be okay.  Just do it in your bed.  We all do.  Even the matron does."

Melanie was reeling at the realization that she was living in the same dorm with five other sixteen year old girls who deliberately wet their beds every night.  She laid back down and pulled the covers over her.  She was squirming a lot now and she knew she wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.  She thought about how Brandy had so calmly peed in her bed, like it was a perfectly normal thing to do.  She also thought about how Brandy had said that all the girls in the school pee in bed every night and that even the matron does.  It was quite obviously a normal and accepted thing in this school.  With this in mind, she decided she might as well do it.  After all, she wasn't going to be able to hold it anyway.  She relaxed and let go.  A solid stream of pee flowed from her crotch, easily soaking through her panties and pajama pants, and hissed into the bed.  She could feel a warm wetness spreading out underneath her as she continued to wet her bed full force.  She sighed with relief as the pressure was fully released from her aching bladder.  The wetness was spreading up her back a little, and also down her legs.  Finally her stream began to weaken and then it stopped altogether.  She lay there in her wetness.  Her bed, panties, pajamas and most of her T-shirt were saturated with her pee.  To her stunned surprise it had actually felt wonderfully relaxing to just pee in bed, rather than get up and go to the bathroom.

"Wasn't too bad, was it?" Brandy suddenly said.

"Uh, no," Melanie croaked, "It actually felt kinda good".

She was startled that Brandy knew she had peed in her bed.

"Well, now you know what to do when you need to pee at night," Brandy said.

"Mmmm," Melanie replied...

****

Melanie opened her eyes slowly and peered blearily around the room.  The final remnants of a faint dream weaved their way through her mind, mixing with the reality of the morning sunlight filtering through the blinds into the room.  She noticed that all the other girls were still in bed.  The clock on the wall read 6:30, far earlier than she normally woke up, and her first class wasn't until 9:00, so she had plenty of time to spare.

Her insistent bladder forced itself to the forefront of her mind.  She needed to pee.  It was her morning pee of course, and that was always her biggest pee of the day.  The door would still be locked she remembered.  It didn't take her long to decide to just do it in bed again.  After all, she was already wet.  What did she have to lose?

Melanie had to pee so badly that she had no trouble getting started, even though it still felt weird to be peeing in bed.  She ran her hands down the bed sheet, surprised to find the bed completely dry until her hands got down to her butt, where a fresh pool of pee was just starting to soak into the bed.  The bed grew warm around her as doubt started to grow in her mind.

She stopped peeing well before she had finished emptying her bladder, unsure now whether Brandy had really told her it was OK to go in bed or not.  She lay in the damp bed for a few minutes, unsure what to do now.  Her bladder still ached, even more than before now that she had let some out.

Finally Melanie decided she would check the door to see if it were actually locked or not.  Melanie walked over to the door and grabbed the knob.  It twisted easily in her grip and the door started to swing outwards.

Melanie's heart sank.  Of course the door wasn't locked; the idea of all of the girls peeing their beds intentionally every night made no sense she knew, but it had seemed completely logical and real when she had woken up a few minutes ago...

Fortunately the other girls lay sleeping still.  She could grab clean clothes and go to the bathroom to pee and clean up before they even woke up.  Melanie returned to her dresser and started digging around in it for dry clothes.

A creak of bed springs made her spin around in time to see Brandy start to stir in her sleep.  Melanie tip toed back to her bed and climbed into it.  She shivered in disgust at the cold wet spot, which had spread out significantly since her weight had been lifted off the bed.

Melanie pretended to sleep as Brandy sat up in bed and stretched.  With one eye partially open, Melanie watched Brandy get up and go over to her desk.  Brandy pulled some papers out of her backpack and started making notes on them.  Melanie shivered again, the wetness of the bed wasn't doing anything to help her hold it.

Fifteen minutes passed and still Brandy sat at her desk working on the papers.  Melanie could only assume Brandy was doing a homework assignment.  The other girls began to stir and get up out of their beds.  Erica stayed in her bed and took out a book, while Andrea and Carissa left together to visit the bathroom.

Melanie wasn't willing to get out of bed until the other girls left for class, but she realized that wouldn't happen before it was too late.  Because of this realization, and the fact that she was already wet, she didn't try very hard to stop when she felt pee start to leak over her leg.  Melanie put a hand between her legs as the pee flowed out.  The warmth on her hand only made her pee harder, and she finally gave up and kept peeing until she had fully relieved herself - just as she had in her dream.
 
(002*2013-07-15 05:03)
{{not sure if I like the new ending better or not, I'd have to see more content first.}}

Yeah, this alternative ending completely changes the concept of the story, so I figure the more someone likes the original the less they'll like this version.

The less a story is grounded in reality the more trouble I have following it, and it would be difficult to argue that the original story is particularly realistic.  That's not a criticism of the original, as great stories don't have to be realistic, it's just a matter of personal preference.  I did really like the first chapter of the original, and so that's why I chose to write my own ending, which I hope is realistic enough to be possibly believable.

As far as more content goes, if someone has a good idea for an actual plot or if there is significant demand for an extension of this version of the story I'll write up some more, although I hadn't been planning on it.  This was mostly just a quick exercise in manipulating an existing story, and it certainly isn't meant to compete with the original (or most other stories) in terms of character development or plot.

Or maybe I'll just throw in some deus ex machina and bring it back into line with the original plot so people can continue with chapter 2 (but in that case, I'd recommend they just read the original).

