Girls School - Part 5

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-02-16 at 22:37) #51820

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON

SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 5

By Eratosthenes, with acknowledgement to the Ripple Story Index

Author's note: The medical names of four diuretics are mentioned in this chapter of the story. These four diuretics are real. They are actual diuretics taken from a medical reference source. The quoted paragraph is taken from the same source and is also real.

That afternoon back in the dorm after classes, Melanie and Kyrie sat on their bed and talked strategy. They knew they had to devise a foolproof plan to make Miss Donaldson have an accident in town. It was proving to be a little more difficult than they thought. They had lapsed into silence, frustrated.

“Hey”, Kyrie said suddenly, “we could ask her to be our chaperone for a trip into town, and then we could all go to a restaurant for lunch. So while we're sitting there having lunch, when she gets up to go to the washroom we could slip some drugs into her drink. You know, some diuretics to make her pee…”. She trailed off when she saw the sour look that Melanie was giving her. “What?”, she said puzzled.

“Oh c'mon Kyrie”, Melanie began, “When she goes to the washroom? What do you think she'll be doing in there, making a phone call? By the time she needs to pee again we'll be back at the school. Anyway, where are we going to get drugs like that from? And we would be in major big-time trouble if they ever found out about it”.

“How would they ever find out?”, Kyrie asked sincerely, “I mean after all, Miss Donaldson just had an accident, didn't she? That's all we gotta say”.

“Oh yeah”, Melanie said with a disdainful chuckle, “You make it sound so easy”.

“Have you got a better idea?', Kyrie snapped getting irritated. Melanie quickly reached over and gently stroked the Kyrie's left cheek with her hand. “I'm sorry sweetie”, she said, “Maybe you're right, maybe it has a chance”. Kyrie softened at that and smiled guiltily. “Sorry Mel”, she said, “It's just frustrating, that's all”.

“Where are we going to get drugs like those from?”, Melanie asked.

“The nurse's office”, Kyrie promptly replied.

“Diuretics, in a school nurses office?”, Melanie said with a disbelieving look.

“Sue's office is pretty well stocked you know. She's got just about everything in there”, Kyrie replied.

“I still have my doubts though Kyrie”, Melanie replied. “Anyway, say we managed to get in there by ourselves somehow. How are we going to know which drugs are which?”

Kyrie thought about this for a few moments and then said, “Let's go over to the library and see if they've got any books about it”.

“Good idea', Melanie said nodding. Kyrie pretended to get all smug about it and said, “Shtick with me kid”. They had a good laugh as they headed for the door.

In the library, using one of the computer terminals, it didn't take them long to find some medical books and within a few minutes they had retrieved the books from the stacks and were heading for the chairs to sit and study them. As they approached the chairs Melanie noticed some signs that were posted near them. There were two groups of chairs, one blue the other green, and a sign over the blue chairs read “No wetting allowed in these chairs”. The sign over the green chairs simply proclaimed “Wetting allowed”. It struck Melanie as being quite humorous and she started to laugh.

“What's so funny?”, Kyrie asked.

“The signs over the chairs”, Melanie replied through her chuckles. “I never thought I'd ever see signs like those”.

Kyrie had to smile as she said, “You know, I never thought of them that way before”. They both chuckled as they headed for the green “wetting allowed” chairs. After they had settled down and warmed up their chairs with a good pee each, they began to pore over the books. They sat there for a good forty minutes, trying to learn as much as they could about diuretics. At one point Melanie suddenly stood up and simply stood there in front of her chair.

“Mel?”, Kyrie asked quizzically.

“Hmm?', Melanie said, “Oh I'm just having a poop sweetie, that's all”.

“Oh, okay”, Kyrie replied. She glanced at Melanie's ass and saw the bulge forming. “Big one huh?”, she asked casually.

“Yeah”, Melanie replied, just as casually. Just then Melanie sighed and said, “Well that feels better. I'll be right back. I'm just going to get rid of this”. She patted her bulge.

“Okay sweetie”, Kyrie said. As Melanie walked away Kyrie got back to her book. By the time Melanie got back, Kyrie had hit pay dirt.

“Mel!”, she said in an urgent loud whisper, “Check this out”. She was pointing at the book. Melanie sat back down in her chair and leaned over to look at the book. Kyrie began to talk excitedly, but quietly. “It says here that there are something called 'Loop diuretics'. There's four different types, furosemide, bumetanide, torsemide and ethacryinic acid”, she said, stumbling a bit over the pronunciation of the words. “It says that Loop diuretics are the most potent ones and produce the most urine. Here, read this”. She pointed at a paragraph.

“The excessive amounts of urine produced, especially during the early stages of treatment, can result in dehydration and low blood pressure. As well as increasing the elimination of sodium in the urine, Loop diuretics can also cause increases in the excretion of potassium, calcium, magnesium, bicarbonate, ammonium, and phosphate. Some of the symptoms produced by the loss of these substances from the body can include mental confusion, weakness, vertigo, muscle cramps, headaches, tingling sensations in the feet and hands, greatly increased thirst, nausea, and vomiting”.

Melanie looked wide eyed at Kyrie. “Surely you're not serious about this”, she said.

“Why not?”, Kyrie retorted defiantly.

“Well look at the side effects Kyrie”, Melanie responded, “This is pretty serious stuff”.

“Oh Mel”, Kyrie said with a pout, “It'll just be a one time thing. What possible harm could come from that?” Melanie gave her another sour look. Kyrie continued, “Melanie, how do you feel about me?”

Melanie's eyebrows went up as she said, “I love you sweetie. I love you very much”.

“Well”, Kyrie said, “That means you trust me then, right?”

“Of course I do Kyrie, but -”

“But nothing”, Kyrie cut in, “Relax Mel. Everything's going to be just fine, you'll see”.

“Well, okay then”, Melanie said, not very convinced.

Kyrie produced a pen and some paper and quickly jotted down the names of the diuretics mentioned in the book. They closed up their books then and Kyrie said, “Okay, now we have to work out how we're going to get into Sue's office alone and get the stuff”.

“Well, I think we'd better go back to the dorm to talk about that”, Melanie said.

“Yeah, you're right”, Kyrie replied.

They got up and after putting the books on the librarian's cart they headed out the door. As they left, they failed to notice the librarian, who was watching them intently. After they were gone she began to make her way towards the cart, where the books waited.

As they approached the dorm the dinner chime sounded and they promptly turned and headed for the cafeteria. On the way they talked.

“Maybe you could go to see Sue with some sort of complaint, talk to her about it and try to keep her occupied. While you're doing that I can sneak into the back room where all the medications are kept and get the diuretics”, Kyrie was saying.

“I don't know”, Melanie replied, “Sounds pretty risky to me”.

“Well okay then”, Kyrie retorted, “Have you got any ideas?”

'Not really”, Melanie said. They walk quietly for a few moments and then Melanie said, “What about this idea: you go to see Sue and complain that you're not feeling very well, could she find out what's wrong. While you're in there, I'll phone her from the payphone outside. Her phone is in her inner office so she'll have to go in there to answer it when I call. I'll keep her talking as long as I can while you get the diuretics. What do you think?”

“Yeah, that's perfect!”, Kyrie said excitedly. “Oh wait though, we don't have her phone number”, she added.

“Yes we do”, Melanie said, “She gave me her business card when I was there about my peeing”.

“Right on!”, Kyrie said, smiling broadly. Melanie grinned and Kyrie was about to say something else when they entered the cafeteria and had to clam up. They headed for a table where Andrea and Brandy were sitting and as they approached, Melanie could see pee cascading off Brandy's chair as she casually wet herself.

“Hi guys!”, she said as they sat down.

“Hi!', Brandy said brightly, “Where were you guys?”

“Where do you think?”, Kyrie said with a sly grin, deftly concealing where they had really been.

“Oooh, naughty, naughty”, Brandy said with an equally sly grin. Everybody laughed then and they began to gab about this and that. A waitress approached with a tray of food and Andrea said, “Finally! I'm famished”. Suddenly the waitress came to a stop and simply stood there as she unleashed a torrent of pee into her maroon slacks. The entire front of her slacks was dark and glistening and shining streams of pee streaked down her legs and off the cuffs of her slacks to form the inevitable puddle between her feet. She had a look of pure pleasure on her face as she did it. Then she was finished and she dragged herself back to reality to begin placing the food out on the table. The girls glanced at each other and just smiled.

After their meal the girls were unable to talk as Brandy and Andrea insisted on accompanying them back to the dorm. Once there though they retreated to the relative privacy of their bed to once again plot their strategy.

“Okay”, Kyrie said, “let's go over this one more time. I go to Sue's office complaining about not feeling very well. You'll be standing down the hall out of sight and when you see me go into the office you'll go outside to the payphone and call Sue. Then, while Sue is on the phone, I'll get the diuretics and put them in my back pack. Hopefully you'll be able to keep her talking long enough for me to get that done. What are you going to talk to her about anyway?”

“I'll ask her if she's heard anything from the clinic about my tests”, Melanie replied, “I'll tell her I'm still peeing a lot and that I'm worried and scared. I'll make it really difficult for her to hang up. Or at least I'll try anyway”.

“Sweetie, you are simply the best”, Kyrie said proudly.

“Oh yeah, right”, Melanie said with a wry chuckle.

“So when do we do this?”, Kyrie asked.

“How about tomorrow at lunch time?”, Melanie replied.

“Sounds good to me”, Kyrie said without hesitation.

“Kyrie?”, Melanie said then.

“Yeah?”, Kyrie answered.

“How are going to make Miss Donaldson take the diuretics?”, she asked, suddenly feeling a little concerned.

“I'm thinking about that”, Kyrie said, “I'm not sure yet”.

They both sat lost in thought for a long while, mulling ideas over in their heads. Then Kyrie suddenly said, “I've got it! We'll ask her to be our chaperone this Saturday. We'll leave for downtown right after lunch. I'll take my backpack and put four bottles of water in it, two with diuretics in them and two with just water in them. Hopefully it'll be sunny and hot so Miss Donaldson will be really thirsty most of the time. I'll keep offering her the water bottles with diuretics in them. We'll keep her walking around town, window shopping or whatever. We won't let her get near a restroom. Sooner or later, with all those diuretics in her, she's gonna need to pee bad. If we do this right, we'll force her to stay with us on the street until she loses it and wets herself. What do you think?”

“You know”, Melanie said, “It just might work”.

“So we'll do it this Saturday then?”, Kyrie asked, making sure.

“Um, yeah, okay”, Melanie said.

“You're not getting cold feet on me are you sweetie?”, Kyrie said.

“No. I guess I'm just a little nervous about it, that's all”, Melanie replied.

“Well, don't worry”, Kyrie said, “Everything'll work out okay. You'll see”.

“Yeah, I guess you're right”, Melanie replied. Kyrie reached out and playfully cupped Melanie's left breast in her hand and squeezed gently. “Does that feel better baby?”, she said softly.

“Oh yeah”, Melanie breathed. Suddenly they were in each others arms, kissing deeply, and caressing each other. Before long their clothes were off and they were down to their panties. It didn't take long for the pee to start flowing. Soon they were drenched in each other's pee as it flowed over their hair, faces, breasts, tummies and crotches. The bed was soaked but that was normal of course. Their bed was permanently wet. They both drank down each other's pee thirstily, savouring the flavour.

Then they buried themselves in each others pussy, licking and sucking deeply, and thoroughly and enjoy every second of it. The other girls glanced at them as they writhed and moaned and peed, and just shook their heads and smiled. Brandy was getting so turned on by it all that she got up and sauntered over to Andrea's bed. Soon they were making out passionately and the pee was flowing. Within moments Erica and Carissa were laying together on Carissa's bed, kissing and caressing with abandon. For the next hour the dorm was filled with the sounds and smells of girls making love to each other. Kyrie and Melanie lay side by side, naked and wrapped snugly in each others arms, their breasts pressed luxuriously together. “I love you so much Kyrie”, Melanie murmured softly.

“Oh God I love you too”, Kyrie replied breathlessly. They lay there for a while and just cooled off after making love.

“Okay”, Kyrie said at length, “So tomorrow at lunch we'll put phase one into action, right?”

“Phase one?”, Melanie said with a chuckle, “Cute. Yes, we will”.

Next morning, as Melanie lay beside Kyrie in their bed and had her morning pee, she suddenly realised that she was truly in love with Kyrie. She wanted to be with her for the rest of her life. She finished her pee and just lay there enjoying the fresh warm wetness. Kyrie woke up then and promptly added to the wetness. Melanie just stayed where she was and listened to Kyrie's pee gushing into the bed. They indulged in a brief kiss and fondle before climbing out of bed and getting ready for the day.

“Lunch time sweetie”, Kyrie said as they headed for the door, “Don't forget”.

“I won't”, Melanie replied, pecking her on the cheek. They walked off down the corridor hand in hand.

Sitting in class just before lunch hour, Melanie's heart was starting to beat faster and she suddenly wet herself in nervous anticipation. Nobody paid the slightest attention as her pee cascaded off her chair and splashed noisily onto the floor. The fresh wetness in her pants relaxed her a bit and made her feel better. She looked at the clock as it ticked mercilessly toward twelve o'clock. She was starting to get fidgety and she was afraid she was going to poop herself as well. She prayed she could hold it so she could poop herself in the hall after class. The class ended and she got up and walked quickly out into the hall where she stood and let go, filling her jeans completely. Kyrie walked over and said, “Uh oh. Better go clean that up. We've got work to do”.

“Yeah, okay”, Melanie replied. She was peeing herself as she walked away, just when she thought she was getting back to normal too. About ten minutes later they met up in the hallway around the corner from Sue's office. They checked their watches and then Kyrie said, “Okay, I'll go down to Sue's office and go inside and talk to her. You watch me from here and make sure I get in there alright. Once I'm inside, give me exactly two minutes, then phone her. I'll do the rest”.

“How will I know when you're finished and ready to go?”, Melanie asked.

“That doesn't really matter”, Kyrie replied. “Just keep her talking for as long as you can. I'll get the stuff then finish up talking to her. I'll meet you back at the cafeteria after that”.

“Okay then”, Melanie said. Kyrie slung her backpack over her shoulder and stepped around the corner. She walked slowly toward Sue's office clutching her stomach and grimacing. Melanie watched discreetly, peeking around the corner. She hoped fervently that a teacher wouldn't happen along. Kyrie finally arrived at the door to Sue's office and turned and knocked. She opened the door and went in without waiting for a response. Melanie quickly looked at her watch and began to count off the two minutes. As the time approached two minutes she turned and headed for the payphone.

In Sue's office Kyrie was doing her best to complain about feeling ill. Sue was being attentive and listening carefully. She asked some rather pointed questions that Kyrie had not expected and she had to think fast. To Kyrie it seemed to be taking forever for the damn phone to ring. She was struggling through an answer to one of the questions when suddenly the phone did begin to ring. “Thank God!”, Kyrie said to herself.

“Excuse me Kyrie, I'll be right back”, Sue said as she rose to her feet.

“Okay”, Kyrie said simply.

Sue disappeared into her inner office and abruptly the phone stopped ringing. Kyrie listened carefully and could just hear Sue talking with the person on the phone, whom Kyrie knew to be Melanie of course. She got up and went quickly to the medicine cabinets, pulling out the piece of paper with the diuretics' names on it as she went. She was so nervous that she suddenly let loose and peed fully into her jeans. Like Melanie, the her warm pee streaming into her crotch and down her pant legs had a soothing effect and she felt a little better. She opened a cabinet and began comparing the names on the labels to the names on her slip of paper.

“Keep her talking baby”, she thought urgently, “Pleeeease keep her talking”. After about a minute and a half she had looked quickly through two cabinets and had started on a third. She was about to give up when she spotted a bottle which read, “Ethacriyinic Acid”. It was one of the diuretics. She sighed audibly with relief and quickly grabbed a water bottle out of her backpack. She had the cap off the water bottle in a second, but the lid on the diuretic bottle was proving to be stubborn. She was pulling on it desperately, trying to get it open. Suddenly it popped open and clattered to the floor. She froze, listening intently. She could still hear Sue talking on the phone. “Good girl Mel”, she thought. She began to pour the diuretic, a liquid, into the water bottle. She was in the middle of doing this when suddenly the door to Sue's inner office opened.

End of Part 5

