Watersports Note from Nicola

Author: Nicola Steele (2003-02-18)

I received an e-mail the other day for someone who had read of my adventures on this site, in which, among other things, he suggested, (or I inferred that he suggested) that I was shy about going to the loo or admitting that I wanted to go.

If I have given that impression, then it was not intended, nor is it true. OK, I admit that when I was young I was shy, not only about loos, (toilets as they were called then) but about most other things. On my first day at school I was a very shy and nervous five year old, and as you might have guessed, I wet my pants that morning. I was too shy to ask anyone and I could not possibly wait, so what else could I do? I was not very popular I can tell you, but after this initial accident I was OK, either plucking up courage to ask when I was bursting, or being seen holding myself, or hopping about with crossed legs and allowed to ‘leave the room.’

Looking back now with teaching experience, I put some of the blame on the teachers for not being more observant, because almost certainly I would have been holding myself before I finally let go and an experienced teacher should have been looking for signs like that with new pupils. I always try to do this when I have a new intake, but of course I am more sensitive to such things than some. 

I hope nobody will consider me to have pedophiliac tendencies if I admit to having a good idea who among my pupils has a small bladder, but this is so I can be more tolerant when they ask to ‘be excused’ during a lesson. 

A few years later, when I was still needing to ‘be excused’ during lessons, my bladder was officially diagnosed as ‘small’ by the family GP and I was given a note which allowed me to go whenever I asked. This made me a bit of an oddity which I hated, but often I just had to go during a lesson and this special permission saved me. 

More difficulties occurred when I went to grammar school, because visiting the loo during lessons was strongly discouraged, but I was getting better control and could manage to last out until the end of the period. I think that about that time I had also learned about sitting on my heel, an effective and discrete way of holding back my wee that has stood me in such good stead all my life. My problem area then wasn’t at school, it was my social life. Visiting friends, or going to things like dancing lessons could be misery if I wanted to wee and didn’t know where the loo was, or could not find the opportunity to ask. Initially my reaction to this was to make some excuse and go home to the loo, but after leaving it too late a few times and breaking down and wetting my pants in the street, I realised that I could not keep doing that. 

I was about 12 at the time, too old to be wetting my pants in public. It was not a total disaster if I was wearing a skirt which was the norm for girls then, but trousers and shorts were becoming more common and the thought of wetting in them was far worse, though it never actually happened. Out of sheer necessity, I had to learn to pluck up courage and ask people, even strangers, where the toilet was and to my surprise, I found that they didn’t eat me or even laugh at me, but they would actually tell me and help me find one. Once I was over this hurdle, say at 13 or 14, I never had any more problems about asking. I might still have a problem finding a loo, but I wasn’t shy about asking almost any woman in the street where one was. I was a bit more diffident when boys began to feature in my life, but by then my best friends knew all about my weakness and some of them seemed to want to go almost as often and would accompany me, probably using me as the scapegoat to make the first move.

Alone with a boy, I might not ask blatantly, but seeing a loo, I would just say ‘Excuse me a minute’, or ‘Can you wait here for me?’ and trot off. At that time my attitude was to carry plenty of pennies and go whenever I had the chance. Teens, which was then 16 to19, not 11 to 13 as it is now, boyfriends, pubs and then college, all put extra strain on my bladder, but I had better control then and my heel saved me several times and I was finding I had very little pride when my bladder was really bursting. For example, caught desperate while out with a mixed group carol singing, I just muttered ‘Excuse me a minute, but I’m bursting’ and ducked behind some very convenient bushes for a wee. Nobody made a fuss about it and I could enjoy myself again. I sometimes thought that if I had to, I would even squat down in the gutter and wee with everyone watching, but I never had to put this to the test. 

When I did really have to go, I always managed to find somewhere at least semi-screened. I have never had to go in the open with a lot a strangers watching me squat, but many times I have wee’d with a friend, (or friends, male and female) standing by keeping guard and that did not inhibit my wee. I was usually bursting by then, but I could wee as normal. 

I am not an exhibitionist, nor did I ever enjoy wetting my knickers and have never done so voluntarily and I would always rather go in a clean, private loo, than squat behind a bush but I am not going to suffer to the limit of desperation if there is a bush handy. 

I do seem to have gone on a bit more than I intended, but I hope my message is clear. There is nothing wrong with you if you're shy or ashamed about wanting to go to the loo. It happens to everyone, some more than others and as the saying goes, ‘When you’ve got to go, you’ve got to go.’ Do not be ashamed to admit it, or to ask where the loo is. In my experience, people’s reactions vary from very helpful and sympathetic to indifference, very rarely anything worse. In my opinion it is far far better to admit you have to go, even if you end up squatting between parked cars in a well lit street, (just about the worst place to wee,) that's better than walking home with cold, wet knickers.
