Piss Motel

Author: Kaylee Kennicott

It was the summer of 2005 when I took a two-week-long road trip with four of my closest guy friends. Being the smallest and most petite of us all, since the five of us were crammed into a compact car, I got to sit in the middle of the backseat. Being the only female in a group of guys had its pros and cons. Pros: sitting in the midst of all that male scent, watching them when they thought they weren’t being observed, the extra attention that comes with being the only one present with breasts. Cons: holding it in for bathroom breaks.

When we first started this trip, we made frequent stops. With five of us in the car, our bladders hadn’t yet synced to any harmonious rhythms. Seems like we were constantly scanning road exit signs to find convenient rest stops and gas stations, pulling off the interstate to let someone attend to their bathroom needs. It wasted a lot of time we could have spent traveling.

So within a few days, the boys began to forgo their need for rest stops. Instead, we’d pull over and let them piss off the side of the road — usually they didn’t even walk a private distance away, but rested their ass against the car door and relieved themselves into the weeds. I pretended not to watch, but really I was observing their streams out of the corner of my eye.

A few times, usually when we were driving with no convenient shoulder to pull into, one of the boys groaned with need and was handed an empty soda bottle. I was sitting in the backseat between Mike and Dan the first time that Mike tapped Neil, the driver, on the shoulder. “Can you pull over?”

We were tearing down the left-hand lane of the interstate, in the middle of some frenetic traffic, and Neil shook his head. “There’s a rest stop in 15 miles. Can you wait?”

“No. I really have to piss.”

Neil reached down and rummaged around by his feet, producing an empty bottle. Not a small one either, but one of those really fat one- liter bottles that reminded me of an ex-lover’s monster cock. I was wet just thinking about it.

So I didn’t stare and I didn’t ogle but I did watch from my peripheral vision as Mike uncapped the bottle, unzipped his pants, hefted his cock in his hand, placed the tip of it against the mouth of the plastic, and began to piss. A small stream spurted forth from the tip of his penis, widening into a flat-edged surge of pale yellow liquid. The drumming against the inside of the bottle sounded like heavy rain. Mike sighed with pleasure as the bottle filled.

I watched him shake himself dry and cap up the bottle, now almost 3/4 full, before tucking himself back in his pants, sorry to see it go.

When we finally did stop at the rest stop down the road, my bladder was quivering, both with the necessity of relieving myself — quickly — and the slight arousal I’d gotten from watching Mike sigh as he gushed. When I sat down on the cold seat of the toilet, I pressed two fingers against my clit and pissed while I rubbed myself, feeling the warmth drip down my hand, relishing the satisfaction of emptying my bladder. While I touched myself, I imagined Mike standing in front of me, pissing into the toilet bowl between my parted legs, and it was enough to send my toes curling while I shuddered around my wet fingers.

We traveled, we checked items off our to-do list, we took pictures, we made memories to last a lifetime. And as we drove, I let the pressure in my bladder increase between our growing-more- infrequent rest stops, let the pressure between my legs increase as I watched the boys take their cocks in hand and piss next to the road, into empty bottles, or kneeling with their junk hanging out the window while they pissed into the wind, streaming down the side of the moving car. And as I watched, I tried not to betray the fact that it was making me gloriously wet to see their release and hear their small grunts of pleasure as they relaxed their muscles. And if I clenched my legs together, I could feel the vibrations of the car against the seat, sending little frissons of pleasure through me, keeping me deliciously aroused for hours at a time. It was hard not to consider, at those moments, the pleasure and possibilities of leaking all over the seat, the car, letting my piss dribble out while I sat right there, creating puddles on the plastic mats underfoot. As much as I wanted to feel that sweet relief with the musky scent of the boys in my nose, my legs rubbing up against Mike’s and Dan’s seated on either side of me, I held it in.

Only once did I actually ask the driver to pull over so I could piss outdoors, too, and it was only because I was absolutely desperate. I had to go down a small slope to reach the forested area next to the road, where I found a nice private bush to squat behind. I was watching my stream intently as it soaked the dry leaves and matted grass under me when I heard some of the boys chatting and laughing, so I peeked out and was well-rewarded with this vision: three of them, standing at the top of the slope, with their thick cocks out and pointing proudly forward, the long arcs of their piss cascading out and down before them while they talked. Neil shoved John with his shoulder playfully, laughing as he stumbled and watered the grass in all directions. It was too much. I masturbated furiously as I watched them, dismayed when they finally zipped up and stumbled back to the car, but gratified again when Mike, who had stayed behind in the car, emerged for his own bathroom break. Furtively touching the slick area between my legs, wet with juices and urine, I watched him as he stroked himself idly a couple times and then held his dick gently in his fist to let loose his piss, rotating his hips to let it splash over a wide range. I orgasmed before he finished spraying the ground in front of him.

On the last night of our trip, as we got closer and closer to home, the boys decided we ought to stay in a motel and get some better sleep after roughing it for the last two weeks. I was relieved to hear it when discussion arose of where to stop next, since I was beginning to shift uncomfortably with the need to use the bathroom. But as John drove further and further into the night without stopping at any likely possibilities — though I pointed out a few road signs indicating lodging ahead — my bladder got more and more cramped.

“Are we stopping soon?” I finally asked desperately.

“Soon,” John promised. “I just have to find something appropriate.”

When we pulled up in front of the motel, however, I grumbled a little. We didn’t need to hold out this long for something this seedy — there were plenty of quality hotels that we had already passed, which we could definitely afford.

I was almost dancing with desperation by the time we had procured our room key, and was really working to hold it in as we walked down the hallway, waited for the elevator, and then to our room. Mike took his sweet time opening the motel door. I followed him inside, making immediately for the bathroom door, but to my complete surprise all four of the guys hastily stepped in front of it, blocking my path.

“Um, guys? I really have to go.”

Dan grinned. “We know. And we also know that you’ve been watching us piss all week.”

“Hungrily, I’d say,” added Neil.

“With great interest,” nodded Mike.

“And seeing as you’re the only one who hasn’t pissed in front of this company, and tonight’s our last night together...” John trailed off.

“It only seems fair,” said John.

“Wait a second,” I said. “You want me to piss in front of you?”

“Only if you’re comfortable with it, darling,” said Mike. “But we won’t take no for an answer.”

I could have kissed them all right then and there. It seems the four dears had been conspiring against me. I couldn’t stop the smile from spreading.

“Okay then,” I said. “Fine by me. Stand aside.”

“Uh uh uh,” said Neil, shaking his head at me. “Right there.”

“Right...here?” I said, looking down at the seedy motel carpet. A sudden swell of excitement overtook me, making me quiver all the way from my toes through my full bladder up to my ears. “You want me to piss on the floor right in front of you?”

Neil and John grinned and nodded, though Mike looked concerned and Dan started to say, “It’s okay if-”

The desire to piss was enormous. I didn’t even remove my clothes — I squatted a little bit where I stood and let it stream out, feeling it flood my panties and jeans, spreading down my thighs, pooling a bit in the cloth before it dripped down in a steady gush to the carpet below. The wet stain spread and spread across the ground, reaching my left foot so I was standing on sodden, squishy carpet by the time I finished. 

###

Though it was tempting to empty my very fully bladder, I held some in. I was interested to see where this was going.

Dan didn’t even wait until I had finished before unbuckling his pants and sliding them down his thighs, revealing his hard cock. He held up his shirt with one hand and stroked his length with the other. And then he paused — his cock twitched slightly — and he started to piss, his stream joining the spot where I was pissing, and he aimed the tip to soak the dry spot next to my damp patch, painting wet lines on the floor. I watched him empty his bladder on the cheap motel carpet, getting aroused again.

So, as the others were beginning to unzip, unbuckle, shrug their way out of clothes, making the preliminary motions towards joining our debauchery, I quickly started to strip and immediately drew their attention. They all paused. I pulled my shirt off over my head, let free my breasts (which prompted a small intake of breath from the guys), unsnapped my jeans, and peeled off the soaked fabric. The crotch of my panties was soaked. A few fingers pressed against myself over the fabric produced a squishing sound. They were so wet, I could wring them out. So I slid them off, held them out, and did exactly that. John groaned a little as the droplets audibly hit the floor.

Then, in front of them, I bunched up my clothes into a ball, dropped them on the floor, and squatted over them. Relaxing my muscles, I gushed a little bit more piss all over the rest of the dry fabric, soaking the dark denim of my jeans, my thin blouse, my lacy panties, and spraying all over them and the carpet underneath. I watched with satisfaction as all four of them, almost in unison, took their cocks in hand and stroked themselves. Dan, who already pissed, was the first one to come. He grunted, and his cock twitched, and he spurted thick, ropy cum over the floor and up onto my belly. My hand was between my legs — at this point, I was kneeling on the sodden carpet over the clothes I just soaked, and all four guys were standing above me, jerking off.

After Dan came on me, John says, “Let me get that for you,” and he started to piss on the same spot, aiming his dick at me, washing it off.

“Wait,” I said. “Save some,” and he obligingly stopped his stream. I got shakily to my legs, and led him to the bathroom. It was tiled. White. Not gleaming with cleanliness, but clean enough for this to be satisfying.

“Piss over everything,” I said.

“What do you mean?”

“The whole bathroom. Piss over it. Piss on everything except in the toilet bowl where it’s supposed to go. Piss on the furniture and the sinks and the fixtures and the mirror and the walls and the ceiling-”

He shut me up by leaning back and releasing a quick jet that arced forward and sprayed the wall and the towel rack above the toilet, drawing a neat line across the hand towels hanging up. Another spurt, and the back of the toilet was soaked with little droplets. He released what little he had left on the floor. I watched it dribble out in a thin stream, swaying with the momentum of his heavy cock. With a little shake dry, he sprayed a few more drops on the toilet seat.

I had my fingers pressed against my cunt, with the tips of my index and middle wiggling at my slit, ready to penetrate myself. “Come here,” I said, using my other hand to stroke him back to his full erection. Lifting my foot up and bracing it against the wall next to me, I spread my labia with my fingers, aimed, and released. I pissed a small flood over his cock, finally emptying my bladder. He started jerking off under my stream. Filled with a sudden desire to feel his warm seed inside me, I hopped up on the edge of the sink and pulled him towards me.

“Jack off inside me,” I growled, and he complied, knowing exactly what I want. He barely penetrated me, just stuffed the thick head of his cock against my tight opening. The rush of all of this made me dizzy, and I rubbed myself quickly as I watched John stroke himself, feeling him big and huge against me, all this space waiting to be filled, heady with the anticipation of him spurting, gushing inside me.

Neil sauntered in to the bathroom, pumping his meat as he watched us grind against each other. “Where do you want me to piss? Tell me and I’ll do it.”

I gulped at the air. “Over everything in this room,” I gasped.

Neil, to my delight, kept stroking his cock as he pissed, which changed the arc of it in a chaotic way with the added bonus of getting over everything. On a stroke up, his cock lifted, moving the stream up from the floor to the bathtub, to the wall, to the ceiling, and on a stroke down he turned a little bit and continued soaking it in methodical rows. He covered the whole shower area, the sink on which John and I were almost-fucking, the mirror above us, about half the floor area, and a little bit of the ceiling. And meanwhile John was thrust up against me and jacking off furiously into my open cunt while I rubbed myself.

“I’m gonna come inside you,” he gasped, and soon he does, twitching. I felt the tip of him wet and pulsing against me. As soon as he removed himself, Neil was there, huge, and instead of being content to just masturbate inside me, he lifted me by the hips and speared me onto his thick cock, filling me so deeply it displaced John’s semen. I felt it dripping out of me. I was completely stuffed. It took only a moment before the sensation overpowerd me and my pussy milked Neil as I shuddered and rode the orgasm to completion. After I lifted my head, satisfied, I saw the glazed look in his eyes and a second later, he thrust especially deep and stayed there for a moment, shivering. My tender, well-fucked cunt felt the tightness at the base of his cock with each spurt.

The bathroom wasn’t big enough for everybody, though the others had been poking their heads in and watching this unfold with interest. When I pulled John and Neil back out into the room, I noticed that Dan was standing next to the mini fridge, guzzling a bottle of water. Oh, this was gonna be good.

“Give me some of that,” I said, and he passed it over. I took a few swigs. “Please tell me there’s more where that came from.”

“We brought an entire cooler of water and beer and soda with us,” Dan grinned.

“Fuck yes!" I said.

“Glad to hear you say that!" Mike said. “Considering that I haven’t had my turn yet.”

“Water break first!" I said, downing the rest of the bottle and holding it up. “Can I have another?”

After a few minutes, feeling refreshed and with a belly full of water, I took Mike into the bathroom.

“Piss out the window,” I said. Mike unlatched it and swung it open, kneeling on a chair next to the window, his cock pointing out towards the ground. We were a few floors up, over the parking lot. I could hear his piss hitting the asphalt below.

“Now the floor,” I said, pointing.

He turned and sprayed the wall and the floor, wagging his cock around to cover more area.

“Now the entryway again,” I say, leading him out to the spot where I had pissed on the floor. My clothes still lay there, soaking wet. He dripped on them a little more as he walked forward, his urine streaming onto the carpet from the heavy cock dangling between his legs.

“Jack off against the wall,” I told him, and watched him lean forward, his hand stroking himself, and finally ejaculate thick rivulets against the tacky wallpaper, sticky globs that lingered at the spot, a few sliding down towards the floor.

“I’m ready again,” Dan said, practically bouncing on his feet with excitement. In response, I opened the room door that led into the hallway.

“In front of their door,” I said, pointing to room 308 down the hall. It was deserted at the moment, but who knew if anyone would come out?

Dan didn’t hesitate. He went out into the hall, completely naked, seized his dick, and pissed all over the carpet in front of their door, where a welcome mat would be if they had one. He sprayed against the door too, for good measure. We were all cheerfully whispering and saluting him from our open doorway, trying not to be so loud as to attract attention, but even then he didn’t return. He stood there, boldly, naked, in the hallway, and he started masturbating in front of their door. We all watched agape, our jaws down to the floor, while he took his time jacking off and finally left his mark on their front door. Only then did he saunter back as we frantically beckoned him down the hallway, worrying that someone would pop out and spot him.

But he made it back, seemingly unseen, though the hotel rooms were equipped with peepholes and it’s certainly possible that he was seen.

Watching that display, I was horny again. And as Dan came back he pointed at the sign near the end of the hallway. “It says there’s a pool and a hot tub on this floor. Shall we?”

We went and retrieved the piss-soaked hotel towels from the bathroom, barely using them to cover our nudity as we ran down the hallway to the pool area. We all soaked in the hot tub for a little while, bumping up against each other, laughing at our own audacity. Eventually the boys got out of the tub and ringed around me, all four of them aiming their streams into the hot tub water that I was soaking in. I floated on my back, the hot tub small enough for me to brace my legs on either side, and I lifted my pelvis into the air enough so that they could watch me urinate, watch the clear arc of my piss like a fountain rising out of the water, spraying the patio flooring around the pool. The boys, all quite chummy by this point, had a little circle jerk with me in the middle, each of them reaching over to grip the cock of the guy next to him. They all came over me in quick succession — once the first one roped his come over my tits, the rest were quick to follow. I rubbed my sensitive nub idly while I watched them stroke each other.

Eventually we headed back to the hotel room to drink all the liquids we could stomach. We had cans of beer and soda, cold bottles of water that were refreshing after the steamy dip in the hot tub. We decided early on that the beds were off limits, since we still had to sleep in them, but otherwise, anything goes. I got a little bit drunk and ended up crawling on top of the desk and squatting, soaking the hotel stationary and advertisements for local restaurants with my piss. The boys decided to test the sturdiness and waterproof qualities of the bedside table by pissing in its drawer until it began to overflow. Apparently, it wasn’t as shoddy as it looked, because each of them opened the drawer and emptied their bladder inside it at least once. I could hear the piss sloshing around inside it whenever they opened or closed it.

“Did you remove the Gideon bible in there or did you piss on that too?” I asked wryly. Judging from their expressions, they hadn’t even noticed, just opened the drawer enough to slip their cocks inside and let loose. Ah, well.

For hours, we stayed up, laughing and talking and drinking and continuing to soak the entryway and the bathroom and various spots in the room. Eventually, we must have fallen asleep, in a rather intimate pile.

When morning arrived, I woke up in the middle of naked bodies, crushed in a cuddle puddle. I managed to extract all my limbs and stand up on the mattress, stretching. Oh man, did I have to pee.

Then I was struck by a sudden idea. We had slept through the night. Our one off-limits area didn’t apply so much anymore.

So I stretched languorously, watching John and Dan sleeping on the bed under me. Mike and Neil were huddled together on the other one. All four of them had powerful morning erections. So I pissed all over their morning wood, over their naked stomachs and legs, over their chests and shoulders, soaking the sheets and the mattress underneath them. Dan woke up blearily and immediately reached for me. He was still halfasleep. For a second I thought he was angry — before he penetrated me forcefully, and in thrusting against me finished waking up John, who lifted his head, stared at us, and then started masturbating. Dan jerked and slid into me to the hilt, coming powerfully inside me. And before he pulled out, before he went soft, his muscles relaxed with ease and he relieved himself inside me, his piss striking my inside walls, filling me to the brim. As I sat astride him, I could feel the urine beginning to seep out from my cunt as his dick went soft. He groaned with satisfaction. I was so fixated on this that I barely even noticed that John had positioned himself behind me and suddenly he grabbed my hips and thrust inside me. One of his hands reached around to pleasure me while he took me, and he too followed Dan’s lead by ejaculating, and then immediately pissing inside me. The bed was soaked by the time we had finished.

I still hadn’t come, however, and I had been drinking plenty of water before sleep. I crept over to the other bed, ready to gush my fluids all over the other two guys as well. But before I could, Neil seized me and speared me on his cock.

“I want you to piss.. .while I’m coming inside you,” he moaned, moving within me, reaching so deep it made my toes curl. “Just tell me when,” I assured him.

He held firmly to my hips, bouncing me on his cock, his eyebrows furrowed with arousal and concentration. “Now,” he grunted, and I started to leak over his stomach. He withdrew slightly, watched my piss increase in flow over his cock, and then slammed into me, shuddering. It was almost enough to make me come right then, but suddenly Mike picked me up as if I only weighed a feather, while I was still dripping Neil’s fluids and watching his cock twitch and leak in front of me, and suddenly I was flipped around to face Mike, or rather, his face was buried in my pussy, and he said, “Keep pissing. I want to taste you.”

And then I couldn’t stop myself — he was tonguing my clit while I squirted and gushed piss into his open mouth, my fluids dripping over his mouth and on either side of his face, streaming to seep into the bedcovers. With his mouth against my cunt, as I’m pissing, I started to come, and he licked me until I collapsed, exhausted.

And then he mounted me and again he filled me with his hot cum, and just like the others he relieved himself inside me. The five of us were lying there, soaking wet, sleepy, and ridiculously satisfied.

And then Dan said, “I have to piss.”

###

Kaylee is 25 years old and writes erotica. You can follow her blog at kayleekennicott.tumblr.com
