Ask her to wet her panties for you!

Author: Watcher, June 1997

One of my favorite 'turn-ons' is watching an attractive young woman becoming so desperate that she squirms around and eventually wets her panties, so trickles run down those gorgeous legs. Especially exciting if she is wearing a short tight dress, or jean cut-offs.

For me the turn on is the gradually increasing desperation, the fidgeting and squirming as she approaches the point of no return, and at the last desperate clutching and bending over as she wets her pants. I only find it exciting if I already find the young woman to be very attractive. For me, that means rather petite - and long slender legs and thighs (without being skinny) are a must. My preference is to watch her wet her panties while standing. Seeing the trickles run down her shapely legs is the ultimate - and this is best seen if she is wearing a shortish skirt or tightly fitting dress. Although, blue jeans are pretty good - they go dark when wet and watching the damp patch spread out from under her hands and track down her legs is tremendous.

I soon found out though, that 'setting-up' a girl to have an accident didn't have the desired results. You know, the classic situation of having a few beers, then ending up in the car in a traffic jam while she gets more and more frantic fidgeting around in the passenger seat. The problem with the 'set-up' is that the girls invariably became very grumpy and bad-tempered as their situation became more desperate. And I find that a girl in a bad mood is not particularly conducive to intimate interaction. Besides, they can hold it remarkably long - seeming to reach a plateau - and on the few times I thought they were going to wet their panties for sure, they managed to find some creative way of relieving themselves without actually wetting themselves.

I guess they were so desperate, that squatting down even if someone saw them was better than the alternative! I do have one good memory though - the poor girl was driving! We were stuck in a jam and I was able to watch her increasing struggles at my leisure from the passenger seat. She kept squeezing her legs together as she tried to hold on, eventually clutching herself with one hand as she drove. She was wearing denim cut offs, and pressed so hard against her crotch that her shorts were pushed way up, showing off her fantastic thighs. As the traffic ground to a halt, she leaned forwards resting her head on the arm she was steering with and began to cry, sobbing that she was going to wet her pants. And she did, a little bit now and then over the next fifteen minutes or so, gradually becoming wetter and wetter. When she got out of the car she ran into her apartment without my having a chance to get a real good look.

So, I changed my tactics. I decided to work on the 'deliberate or planned panty wetting' scenarios. Sure, watching any attractive girl in desperation is good, but there is always the realization that after a great 'work-up' there will be a real let-down (no pun intended), for me at any rate, when she finds a way of escape. I would wait until our relationship had developed to the point where we were really comfortable with each other, and really able to relax. Then I would bring up the subject of fantasies, asking her if she had any (they all had, but they were rather tame!).

Of course they would then ask me about mine, and I would tell them, warning them first that they might find it a little ‘kinky', but completely harmless! What surprised me was that of the fifteen girls I dated for an extended period of time over the nine years spanning my undergraduate and postgraduate years, eleven of them wet their panties for me on at least one occasion. Four of them - Mimi, Teresa, Vicki & Cecile did it regularly becoming very good at it with practice. It became part of our dating rituals, gradually building up to a great climax as the evening wore on and desperation increased to the bursting point!.

So, my suggestion is - when the timing is good - talk it over with her. Her reaction may surprise you, and the reward can be great for both of you!

