The Sensuality of Wet Sex

Author: Wendy (1998-11-09 at 18:18)

Chapter 13. First Golden Shower
	
When we finally crawled between the sheets for some much-needed sleep it was nearly 10AM. We awoke some six hours later in the same 'spoons' position that we had drifted off in. I was curled up on my side and Vanessa was wrapped, protectively, around me from behind. When I stirred, she moved against me, then hugged me closer to her. She nuzzled her face into the nape of my neck and kissed me just below my hair line…sending chills down my spine. "Good afternoon, sleepy head," she laughed. I wiggled my bottom into the angle formed by her legs and hips. I could feel the tickle of her pussy hair between my cheeks. That, combined with the soft and warm fullness of her breasts against my bare back, made me very much aware of our nakedness. I was coming fully awake and becoming very aroused. I took one of her hands and gently placed it upon my breast, so that her palm could feel how erect my nipple had become.

"Look what you are doing to me," I teased. Vanessa said, "let's see." And she pulled away enough to roll me onto my back and get a full view of my chest. She half whispered, "Wendy, I've never felt like this toward another girl before. Just looking at your breasts makes me want you." She took a nipple between thumb and forefinger and gently squeezed. I moaned in building anticipation of where this was going. Then she began rolling my nipple back and forth, while tugging on it rhythmically.

"Tease," I accused. "Um, I'm not teasing. You'll see," she replied. With that she released the nipple on that, the nearer breast to her, and moved her hand to the far one. Once there, Vanessa cupped the breast fully and massaged it. While she did this, she brought her head down to take the near nipple into her mouth. What she did, for the next few minutes, with her lips and tongue (plus the hand on my other breast) had me squirming in delight. I could feel heat glowing in my chest and face. I felt it moving down across my loins and into my thighs. I even became aware of the tickle of small drops of my vaginal juices, which escaped, to skitter across my anus and work its way up the crack in my ass.

Vanessa switched her oral attention to my other breast. While doing so she moved her hand slowly, lingeringly down my belly to my pussy hair. She spent an unbearable time ever so lightly brushing over the upper fringes there. By this time I was wreathing around in built-up desire. I was pulsating inside and out. I groped about, trying to find her breasts and pussy. I was going to scream if I couldn't feel her and be able to return at least a part of what she was doing to me. She evaded my efforts, turning this way and that. Finally she used her free hand to subdue the one of mine that was closest to her.

She said, "No baby. You just lay back and enjoy. This one's for you.." My breathing was erratic, but I managed to tell her that I really wanted to please her, too. Her response was to slide a finger down along my pussy slit, find the opening and insert it to the second knuckle. I gasped at the surge of pleasure this caused. My hips rose up to engage her hand. As she began to work her finger in and out, she moved her head up to my shoulder and licked my neck in the area just below my left ear.

"No fair," I protested, weakly. She began whispering again. Between kisses and licking she told me how she had laid awake, feeling me sleep in her arms; how she felt my warmth and smelled the dusky aroma of our love making. She said how horny it made her and how she had laid and planned what she was now doing. She even added that she was very aware of the smell of urine that was still on us and how it made her even more horny. Then she brought her face to mine and kissed me full on the mouth. It was the most passionate kiss I had ever dreamed of. Her tongue was all over mine, darting, stroking, caressing. While she did this, she slipped another finger into me and began using the thumb on that hand to massage the area over my clit.

Things happened quickly after that. I gave in completely to Vanessa's ministrations. I was soon bucking my bottom clear off the mattress in ecstatic response to her motions upon and within me. She kept taking me up higher and tighter, higher and tighter. I never thought such excitement was possible. Then she took me up again, and I came in an explosion of lights and jerking movements. When my backside finally found the sheets again, it was into a wet spot that shocked me. My sweat and my pussy juice had truly been flowing liberally. I was completely winded and disoriented beyond conscious understanding.

As things came into focus I realized that Vanessa's face was no longer next to mine. In fact, in a moment of non-comprehension and a little panic, I thought she had somehow disappeared. Then I felt her tongue in my pussy. I actually had to look down there to make sure she was there and that this was not some delusion from lack of sleep. What she did to me after that I honestly can not explain. Except that I can tell you that I came again…and again. I vaguely remember that somewhere in there I managed to get her to move into the sixty-nine position, so that I could taste her bottom, as well. She told me later that she attained a tremendous orgasm, too.

How long we made love, how long we held to each other in exhausted melt down afterwards, I can not tell you. I know that we awakened shortly after 4PM, to a bright and a warm springtime afternoon. (I remember most of what happened in between.) I also know, that when we finally arose to shower, it was nearly dark out. When we got to the bathroom and Vanessa started the water, it hit us like a tidal wave that we both were desperate for a pee! Her knees came together as if spring-loaded and her hands went to her groin. I felt much the same, but I also wanted something more than a satisfying squat over the toidy. I reached in and shut off the shower and stepped into the tub. I pulled Vanessa in with me.

I held her against me and kissed her softly, saying, "I know you have to go. So do I. But, let's not waste it in the toilet…OK?" Her expression went from desperation to wonder, to comprehension, to a look of mischief and delight. I knelt down before her, looked up at her and asked her to spread her legs as wide as the space allowed and move over me. When she realized that I had done this so she could actually pee on me, I think it shocked her a little. She knew this was coming and I know that she wanted it. But, when it happened, she was not quite prepared.

But, then, nothing was going to stand in the way of her bursting bladder. After all it had been at least eight hours since either of us had peed. I watched her as she moved to comply. My focus was on the forward end of her slit, from where it would come. She no sooner got over me that she began to trickle her hot yellow nectar. The first dribbles landed across my upper thighs. The next squirt was stronger and crossed my pussy hairs and up onto my belly. Then it stopped. I looked up at her, questioning with my eyes. She was looking at me. She seemed worried.

"Wendy, I just peed on you!?!"

"I know," I replied huskily. She asked, "is this really OK? Do you really want me to pee on you?" By way of answer I straightened up enough on my knees to bring my face into her crotch. I kissed her right over her clit. I glanced up and smiled. And, still maintaining eye contact, I kissed her there again. Then I slipped my tongue between her hairs and into her slit. I could taste the salt of her pee while I gentle stroked her clit with the tip of my tongue. Then I pulled my head back just enough to say, "Vanessa its OK! It's more than OK! I want your pee on me, all over me…please!" She mumbled. "oh shit," and her knees bent forward.

There was a huge hissing sound as a hot stream of her piss hit me full on in the chest. It had a force behind it like faucet at full open. I could feel it pushing into the soft resilience of my breast. Her pee flooded over both my breasts and rolled across my belly to bathe my entire groin in hot, wet pleasure. I clasped my arms around her thighs and hugged myself closer to her to catch all I could of her amber flow. I marveled in the naked sensuality of the moment and prayed it wouldn't end. Of course it had to end. And when it finally did, I buried my face once again into her soggy muff and gave her very liberal oral attention. I didn't let her know it at the time. But I was trying to lap up all I could. I had just realized that I was acquiring a taste for pee and that this new wrinkle to my kink was a super turn-on.

After some moments of that, I broke free and stood to hold Vanessa in my arms. I gently kissed her and thanked her. She seemed genuinely amazed that I liked what she had just done. I had her lick around my face and told her that she had just tasted her own pee. She was shocked and amused at the same time. Then she licked some more. She rubbed her cheek against mine, transferring more wetness. Then she kissed me again. She pulled back and said, "I guess it must be my turn now?" I replied that I certainly wouldn't be able to hold it much longer; but she didn't have to go through with it, if she was at all uncomfortable with the idea. Vanessa got down on her knees and wriggled her way between my legs and smiled up at me. I needed no other encouragement.

I flexed my knees, closed my eyes, loosed the grip on my pisser and cut loose! As it started I reached down and pulled on my pussy lips in order to direct the stream at her. (I'd learned to do this in pee games, as a little girl.) I looked down at Vanessa. She had her head turned to one side and her eyes were closed. From the expression on her face she was obviously savoring the sensual onslaught of my flow. I moved my hips back and forth to increase the area of coverage. I wet all over her chest, shoulders and neck. The splashing was also wetting part of her face, her arms and onto my thighs. I was lost in amazement. I'd never know such a feeling of contentment and lust, all balled together, before.

Once I was done, I helped her to her feet and we spent several minutes in each other's arms. We rubbed our piss-soaked bodies together and kissed and giggled at the headiness of it all. Eventually we showered together, washing each other, slowly and sensually. Then we dressed and went out to have supper. It was all very sexy, the way we behaved…just like new lovers! As we left the restaurant, we found that we wired and not yet ready for rest. So, we took in a flick. It was after midnight when we returned to Vanessa's home and fell into each other's arms to make love again. We have been friends and lovers for nearly twelve years, now. We don't make love every time we see each other. Nor, do we pee-play every time we make love. But she was my first true wet lover and I owe much to her. We explored many more things than are related here, and we still do. Perhaps some of those times will yet find their way onto paper.
