REDSKIRT

Author: William Abbott

Unlike the last story, this one’s a straight-up desperation fantasy with no literary pretentions. It's all in the visuals and the internal monologue.

Nonetheless, I got comments like "you write with such passion that it makes the reader feel you are in the story. Would love to have a husband cherish me as he did so tenderly with her.” Another asked me, "Have you ever thought about publishing this stuff? If not you should.”

She’s dressed in a blouse and skirt. Very respectable, except maybe for the fact that the skirt is bright red, and as short and tight as those denim skirts you sometimes see, the one that have the slit up the back. The blouse is long sleeved, modestly buttoned, but thin and billowy in a way that is sexy without being at all inappropriate. And even the skirt—it’s not outrageously short, and red is just a color, after all. Even this eye-popping, vermillion red. And the fact that she’s not wearing anything under the skirt...well, nobody knows, do they? So again, perfectly respectable.

And—maybe this is a little bit blasphemous, but I imagine her sitting in church in this skirt. A nice, polite, hymnsinging Methodist church with dark wooden beams across the vaulted ceiling and plush velvet cushions on the pews. Sitting in church in a bright red miniskirt and no underwear and an intensely full bladder.

Intensely. I mean, she really has to pee. Big glass of water when she got up, big cup of coffee with breakfast, most of a 20 oz. Dasini in the car, and she was going to pop into the ladies’ room before the service but when she got here she found the bathrooms out of order. Maybe they’ve been tearing up the water lines in the street outside, or maybe...? Maybe the church is being renovated and where the bathrooms used to be, there’s now a sheet of polyethylene blocking off the bare studs and floor joists.

So now she sits through the service more and more distracted, listening to the sermon with her legs crossed, then pressed very tightly together, then crossed the other way. She’s glad when it’s time to stand and sing a hymn because that means she can move a little, but by the third stanza standing still is torture and she’s really glad to be able to sit down again. Finally the recessional comes, and though it’s hard not to hop up and down while everyone shuffles slowly down the aisles and into the fellowship room for coffee and tea and cookies, at least it signals the time she can duck out and find a bathroom.

She avoids the handshakes and hellos, the hugs from friends she mostly sees just on Sundays, and then she’s out the back door and into the parking lot. There are woods behind the church and she looks out at them longingly, thinking about how wonderful it would be to walk a few paces into the underbrush to hike her skirt and squat. Any other day but Sunday, that might even be possible, but it’s out of the question with the parking lot jammed full and people starting to spill out of the church, one and then another and then a few more.

She gets in her car and turns the key. The pressure in her bladder eases up a little bit as her body adjusts to sitting again. She squirms in the seat to make herself more comfortable.

There’s a gas station about three blocks from here. It’s not her usual stop, but they ought to have a ladies’ room, wouldn’t they? A red light catches her, and she knocks her knees together waiting for it to turn. She can see the porcelain in her mind. In fact, she can’t get the image out of her mind. A toilet, with the lid up and seat down, inviting. Come on, come on, come on! she says to the red light. Clean white porcelain, inviting her to sit with her skirt pulled up around her waist, to spread her knees wide and... She grits her teeth and knocks her knees together again as the image becomes a bit too vivid. Then the light turns green and her mind refocuses on the driving.

She pulls into the Sunoco. It’s self-serve, with only a little kiosk in the middle. She drives up to a pump, grabs her purse, and runs to the window. The girl at the register looks up from a magazine. “Fill on number one,” says Red Skirt, sliding her credit card through the slot, “and do you have a bathroom?”

“I’m sorry, we don’t,” says the girl.

Oh God. “Do you know where there is one? I really have to go.”

“I usually use the one in that little market over there, but they don’t open ‘til noon today.” Red is squirming in front of the window and the girl cashier shows real sympathy on her face, but “I’m sorry” is all she can say.

Red’s car is very low on gas, so she grits her teeth and unhooks the pump and flips up the lever. Standing with her feet crossed, she can hold it, but when the pump kicks in, suddenly she can feel the vibration, sense the flow of liquid through the hose, hear the steady slosh into her tank and the slight change in pitch as it fills.

She has no underwear. It wasn’t for any erotic reason that she left the house without panties this morning; she just forgot to push the button when she moved the Saturday wash into the dryer. Annoyed when she discovered her mistake ten minutes before she had to leave, a little self-conscious walking into church that way, but maybe now it’s a good thing.

She has no underwear. Standing between her car and the pump, she’s blocked from view. She could...no. But if she stood with her feet wide apart, then maybe she could... No way! She closes her eyes and shakes her head, trying to dislodge the vision from her mind’s eye. But no one would know, she thinks. She looks across the top of her car at the girl behind the window. She isn’t looking this way, and even if she were, she couldn’t tell anything. Red Skirt’s red skirt is out of sight, blocked by the car. She wouldn’t even have to lift the hem. The skirt is that short. Just let it go. Her and the pump, each gushing out hot liquid by the gallon. She’d make a huge puddle, but she’d be long gone before anyone saw it, and anyway, what would it matter, one more puddle on the stained concrete of a gas station?

She catches herself actually trying out the stance without even quite realizing it. But I can’t! she thinks to herself. Stop it, stop it, stop it! Or you really will pee. She crosses her legs now, and twists her body to squeeze her thighs even tighter together. She glances at the girl in the window again, still reading. No. I can’t. The pump thrums in her hand, still flowing hard. She squirms. Could she? The girl... Maybe it’s because she could feel Red Skirt’s eyes on her, but she looks up from her magazine now, and makes eye contact. Damn. Red closes her eyes, clenches her jaw, and cuts off the pump after a couple of gallons, her tank still half empty. She runs back to the window to sign the slip and retrieve her card.

By the time she gets back to her car, she’s regretting that she didn’t have the courage to just pee on the ground. But now there’s no way, it’s not even conceivable. Not that it was before, not really, but now there’s no way she could pretend to be just standing there pumping gas. She gets back in her car, and as she’s fumbling the key into the ignition with her right hand, with her left she’s hauling up on the hem of her skirt and then gripping herself. Hard. The spasm passes, the pressure in her bladder returns to just a dull ache, and she turns the key.

If I were wearing pants, she thinks as she pulls out into traffic again, I’d unzip. Or I’d at least undo the button at the top and relieve some of the pressure. But the skirt she’s wearing zips up the back with a couple of eye hooks at the top, and...

OK, maybe she could scoot forward and undo the hooks, the next time she stops for a light. Maybe she could even slide the zipper down and inch or two. Just to take a little of the pressure off her lower abdomen. Drivers next to her could watch the gymnastics, of course, and who knows what they’d think she was doing? But the real problem would come later, when she pulled up at a place that really did have a bathroom and she’d have to stop to zip herself up and fasten again before getting out. So instead, when the next red light stops her, she uses both hands to hike the skirt all the way up, off of her bottom and around her hips so she can get a better grip of her crotch.

Of course, lifting her skirt that high makes her think of peeing. Finding a toilet and then hauling her skirt up, up. That skirt—It’s so tight that lifting it is almost like unrolling a condom onto her husband’s dick. Roll the skirt up, up, up, she thinks. Up. In a bathroom. Private and clean. Please, a bathroom... Roll it up so she’s bare from the waist down, and sit... Beautiful white bowl... Sit and spread her thighs wide... No no no! Stop thinking about it! She can’t quite cross her legs under the steering wheel, but she clamps them together like a vice grip, both hands cupped over her crotch. Then once more the light turns and she’s having to drive and steer.

Angelino’s has a bathroom, she thinks, and it’s only about a block out of my way. Can I make it? Yes. Please, yes. Oh please, God, yes. Angelino’s Pizza. She was there just last week with her husband. Blue tile bathroom, just to the left of the door as you go in. Turn right here. Three more blocks. Two blocks. Both hands on the wheel now, but scissoring her knees. The sun pouring in through the open driver’s window is very warm against her bare thighs. She glances down into her lap and sees that the sunlight catches the blonde highlights in her hair. God, she thinks, I can’t believe I’m driving around downtown naked like this. She grips herself again, covering her bush and pressing her fingers into her slit, squeezing hard. She remembers the story of the Dutch boy with his finger in the dike.

He was fine as long as he kept his finger over the hole, but if he ever took it away and the ocean flooded through, there was no putting it back. She begins to wonder, What’ll happen when I get there? She’ll have to pull her skirt down again before getting out of the car. What if she wets it? What if she leaks, leaves a little wet spot along the hem? Can she still go in? She grips harder. Only one block to go. What if she does more than just leak a few drops? What if she spurts, squirts, and has to cross her legs again to stop it, and it soaks the whole back of her skirt? Can she walk in sideways, so they don’t see? She grips, squeezes, knocks her knees together again. Again. Again. Come on, girl, you can do this, she tells herself. Hold it just a little longer. Hold on. Hold on.

She can see the sign now. The parking lot in front looks empty and the horrifying thought comes to her, How many pizza places are open on a Sunday morning? For lunch, maybe, but it’s still only twenty past eleven. Her mind begins to race, flashing on what her options are. There’s no will-I-won’t-I at this point. There’s no if, there’s only how. There’s a parking lot around back as well as the one in front, and in back there’s a stockade fence. Park next to the dumpster. Yes. Back into the space, rear bumper close up against that fence with the driver door just a couple of feet from the dumpster, then when she opens it she’ll be screened from view from all four directions.

Don’t even get out of the car then, just swing her legs out, scoot her bottom to the very edge of the seat, spread her knees wide apart and... and piss like a fire hydrant! Power wash the side of the dumpster. Flood the pavement under her car. Almost there now. Signal the turn. The relief will be incredible. She might drip a little on the running board. That’s OK. Dribbling on the running board as she’s finishing up, that’s no big deal. She’s breathing like a woman in childbirth, panting with the effort of holding on just one more minute. Her bladder hurts, it’s so full.

Turning in to the lot now, car bumping up the incline (ow), left hand still gripping hard, knees knocking together making it a little tricky to use the brake and gas pedal. Pulling around back...

Skateboarders. Four of them. Just kids— the oldest one can’t be more than ten. She loops around the back of the building and comes out on the other side without even slowing down.

Exiting the lot now, blinker signaling right, waiting for traffic before pulling out, she rocks forward in her seat and lets out a squeal. Crotch is hot and wet. Leaking? Thank God they’re vinyl seats. There’s an old tee shirt on the back seat; she twists around and grabs it, stuffs it between her legs, grips herself through it. Damn damn damn! She bites her lip, almost crying from the pain and the effort and the frustration. Deep breath. Pant, pant, pant. Deep breath.

She’ sunder control again, for the moment. Pull out into traffic. Turn right. Ten more minutes and she’ll be home.

Home home home.

Is there anything, anything at all she can possibly do between here and there? Her friend Mary—Mary of the long commute—told her once she always drinks a grande from Starbucks on her way in, and she keeps the empty cup for emergencies. Many times (Mary has said) she’s had to pull over into the breakdown lane halfway to work, and nobody’s ever bothered her in the couple of minutes it takes her to refill the empty cup.

Red looks down at her own cup holder, where there’s that 20 oz. Dasini water bottle, mostly empty. (Part of why she has to go so badly now.) Not nearly as practical. Theoretically, she might be able to press it directly against herself, right there, right near her clit, and catch the stream. But if her aim was off just a tiny bit... Once she let go, there’s no way she’d be able to stem the flow. She’d pee all over herself and all over the inside of her car. No no no no no. Not an option.

She’s reached a kind of equilibrium now, unstoppable force balanced against immovable will. As long as she doesn’t move her hips or thighs at all, as long as she keeps breathing... Her muscles quiver, her bladder hurts, but she can probably ride the pain the rest of the way home.

Half a dozen more blocks.

Home. Her husband is at home this morning, stayed home from church this week to finish painting the trim on the house.

Home. Home...

One more block oh God oh God oh God will I make it?

Left hand gripping her crotch, fingers wet. Dutch boy and the dike, press hard. There’s her house now, just pull into her driveway and then... Can she even make it to the bathroom? Before she and her husband got this place, she lived in a house way up in the hills where her nearest neighbor was a quarter of a mile away. If that were the house she were coming to now, she would definitely just step out of the car with her skirt hiked up and piss in the dirt driveway. But she’s on the outskirts of town now, with three other houses overlooking as she pulls into her drive.

Pulling in now, kill the ignition (Car’s parked a little cockeyed) toss aside the tee shirt (Damp. Had she been leaking? Could have been worse) push the skirt down (Doesn’t have to be neat) yank the door open (Leave the keys, leave the purse, come back for them later) step out of the car (Pee in the driveway? Oh I wish I could.) and she’s running to the front door (The house is set sideways to the street so the front door is around the corner) then a dozen paces (Lose it here on the path? Pee while she’s running, a ribbon of wet all along the flagstones?) to the front porch, up three more steps, sign on the front door WET PAINT USE BACK DOOR (Damn damn DAMN!) turn without stopping (Pee in the grass?) run (Oh God oh God) to the back, and there’s her husband, up on the stepladder, paintbrush in hand and STEPLADDER BLOCKING THE BACK DOOR!

“Hi hon,” he says. “How was church?”

“I’ve gotta pee! Move the...the...” She flaps her hand in the direction of the stepladder, crossing her legs and bobbing up and down. “And hurry!”

He’s coming down the ladder (Hurry!) paint can in one hand and brush in the other (She has to pee! She has to pee!) setting them down (Hold on! Hold on!) wet brush balanced on the open can (Just another second!) because you don’t want to get paint on the deck (She can’t hold it!) and then turning to pick up the stepladder (She’s going to pee!) and setting it (Hurry!) down (Please!) off to one side (A trickle down her inner thighs...) out of the way of the door (She’s peeing!) and he turns (Peeing right where she stands!) to look at her (Hot hot hot wet river down her inner thighs)

And (Backs of the knees and calves and ankles) and (Wet from her crotch all the way down her legs!) and (Wetting herself!) and (Her shoes...) he (Her skirt...) reaches out his hand (Waterfall splashing on the deck) to touch her (She looks up into his eyes) gently on the shoulder (her face red, an embarrassed smile) then (the flow easing off now) he’s hard (tapering to a stop) he pulls her to him (her legs dripping) and holds her (She lets go a single quick sob) tenderly, saying “Shhh. It’s OK. You’re OK.”

She laughs now, and wipes tears from her face. “Oh God, I can’t believe I...”

“Shhh, Honey. You’re home. It’s OK.” She relaxes into his arms then, hugs him back. He kisses the side of her neck. Slides his hands down her back and onto her bottom. She can feel his erection against her body. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”

She looks up at him, her brows furrowed with a question. He grins in answer. She raises herself on tiptoes to kiss him and then, stepping inside, they find another good thing about wearing nothing under her red skirt.

