Wikileaks: The Truth Will Out!
	(Female Desperation)
Author: Watcher (2010-12-31)

When I was a Research fellow, I used to earn some extra income by supervising undergraduate examinations.

I was supervising a final exam for some Biology students. One of the class members was Lisa, about 22 years old. She was slim, dark haired, and really had long sexy legs to die for! I had a hard time keeping my eyes off her, especially since she was wearing a fairly tight dark blue dress which, I had noticed as she walked in to her desk, came down to about three inches above her knees, so I had a glimpse of tantalizing slender thighs as she sat down.

As I said, I had a real problem keeping my eyes off her. I was walking up the aisle from behind when I saw her quickly snatch something - looked like a little notebook - off the desk and quickly put it into her backpack which was hanging from the back of her chair. As I passed she bent her head down and seemed to be engrossed in her work.

When I was collecting their exam papers I asked her to come up to the front desk. I leant back against the table and told her what I had seen her do. I asked her to show me the contents of her bag. She placed them on the table - the ususal, change purse, lipstick etc. And a small blue notebook.

"Is this the notebook I saw you take off the desk and place it in your bag as I passed you during the exam? I asked firmly.

Lisa got really flustered - "I had been reading it before the test papers were given out, and forgot to put it away when the exam started. I hadn't looked at it during the exam!" she started to stammer, really scared now.

I looked at the notebook, it was indeed a very well organized collection of study notes for the course she was being examined on.

"You know that if this is reported, you could be expelled from the College, and won't get your degree! The regulations strictly forbid bringing any material like this into the examination" Now while this was true, we never subjected students to a search as they entered the exam.

As soon as I said that, Lisa just stared at me, her lovely large eyes were wide with anxiety. Her mouth was open slightly as if to say something. Her face flushed, then she turned very pale. She leant over on the table and closed her eyes, biting her lower lip. She began to tremble slightly, and I could see she was physically going into a state of shock as she realised the impact of what I had said.

Lisa, her eyes still closed, moved her other hand and placed it low over her tummy. She bent her knees slightly, and squeezed her legs together. I heard a faint hissing sound, and as I looked at her legs, saw a little trickle run down between her thighs, then splash around behind her knees and curving round her calves and splashing over her ankles onto the floor. Lisa was wetting her panties! I had often fantasied seeing a pretty girl like Lisa doing just this, and I was fascinated, watching the streams splash down her legs. I imagined her soaked panties, warm and wet, and the sensation of those trickles running down her sensitive thighs. The exam had lasted over three hours, so I wasn't surprised she had to go quite badly. But this !! Well, this was fantastic !!

She turned sideways to hide her face, then turned away from me, so I could see the streams course down the backs of her legs behind her knees. After about 10 seconds or so she stopped wetting her panties, and the streams slowed to just a few drips which still ran down her legs, drop by drop. She started to sob, her face now blushing deeply. I walked over and gently placed my hand on her arm. She turned towards me, her face bent down as she looked at the floor

"Lisa." I said quietly, "I believe you. I won't report you, of course you can go now."

She briefly glanced up at me, her face was wet with tears, and her lips were trembling as she muttered "thanks" and ran down the hallway to the exit.


###


Several months later I was at a college reception/dance at the opening of a new arts building. I saw Lisa across the room. She had graduated, and was now working as a research associate in the biochemistry department. She was completely out of my jurisdiction now, so I went over to her, and after introducing myself, she indicated she remembered me, asked her to dance. She quickly agreed, and soon we were on the dance floor. It was an old fashioned party, with some of the quieter hits from the 70s playing, so the dancing was slow. After a few moments we were dancing closely, and when the music stopped playing just stood there together, my right arm around her waist, my left hand clasped over hers which she was resting on my shoulder,. Neither of us made any indication of moving apart, so I drew her slightly towards me, and she did not resist. I suggested we go out on the balcony for a drink, and she agreed, so we walked out hand-in-hand.

We stood together, looking over the city lights laid out beneath us like a view from a plane.

"Dr. . . . . she began.

"Jeff ! . . . . ." I emphasized.

"Jeff" she said, holding her glass with both hands and turning to face me. "I never thanked you for believing me at the exam last June." She looked up at me. "Thanks for giving me a chance!" Then she raised her face and kissed me on the cheek. I gently took the glass from her hands and set it on the table beside us, I took both her hands in mine and she moved close, turning her face to one side she rested her cheek on my shoulder

I moved my mouth closer to her ear and said quietly: "I knew you were telling the truth when I saw you wetting your panties!"

"Oh God!" she moaned "That was the worst moment of my life - I really mean it. I don't know what you must have thought of me wetting my panties in front of you!"

"Well" I said, as I held her just a little bit more tightly, "If you had really been cheating you would have been prepared for what I said to you."

"Yes" she said - "I would have been on the defensive with my excuses. But your accusation literally took my breath away - I was in shock, I could feel my legs give way, and if I hadn't had the table to lean on I am sure I would have collapsed onto the floor. Instead, I just hung on to the table. I could feel myself starting to wet my pants, but was paralysed - couldn't move or stop it from happening. I was so embarrassed afterwards" she went on, with a hint of a laugh in her voice. "You seemed like a really neat guy, and I was so humiliated by my accident I didn't sleep at all that night for thinking about it!"

"I have thought about you a lot ever since then," I said after a few moments quietness. "I really liked you right from the start, I found you incredibly attractive, and I am so happy I have met you again like this!"

"I am so happy too." Lisa whispered, pulling my head down towards her face. "I was so sure you would have been completely turned off and disgusted with what happened ?"

"Oh no!" I whispered back - "Actually" and I hesitated - this could make or break the relationship - "Actually I know this may sound kinda kinky, but seeing you wet your pants was , well, was very, eh, . . ."

"Interesting ?" Lisa finished for me, then giggled as we began to kiss, mouth to mouth.

"Yes, very, eh interesting, and exciting!"

And that was the start of a memorable relationship. Lisa never really got into wetting her panties on a regular basis. But once in a while, when she was feeling particularly sexy, or naughty, she would dress up in that blue dress. I knew what was going to happen, and I was never disappointed.

