A Desperate Camping Trip (Part 3)

Author: Melody Alexi [2021]

Chapter 3

We both collapsed onto my sleeping bag, me onto my stomach this time, and I just barely managed not to scream. My tight hold on my pee hole was slipping. I didn’t care that Marley was right next to me, I jammed my fingers against my crotch like I could stop what was coming.

Whatever creature was out there grunted and sniffed, louder than anything we’d heard before, and I tried again not to cry.

And now, worst of all, Marley was right next to me, on the same sleeping bag I was on.

I couldn’t piss the bag now, not with her right up against me.

But I was just on the very edge of my ability to hold back.

I wept silently, and sensing my terror and my horror, Marley again turned towards me with the bottle.

But I shook my head, too petrified to move now.

She put a hand on me and I shrugged it off because I couldn’t stand a single second of distraction. My heart was pounding in my ears.

No, no, no, no…

Some piss started seeping out, filling up the crotch of my panties and spreading against my hand. The fabric between my legs was sagging with wetness now.

I was going to wet my sleeping bag with Marley right next to me and I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.

But I was losing control. I was going to embarrass myself in the most awful way I could imagine and Marley was going to be right here for it. Maybe she would even be able to feel the hot piss spreading on the sleeping bag.

Fuck, fuck, fuck this couldn’t be happening to me, it couldn’t.

She whispered, so faintly I almost didn’t hear, “Katie. You have to. You’re not going to make it any longer.”

I blinked back tears and stayed stubbornly on my stomach, fastened to the floor, my hand still shamelessly pressed beneath me.

She pushed the bottle against my side firmly and left it there.

So my fate was in my hands now.

I buried my face in my pillow for a long moment to smother my sobs and swallow back my screams.

But oh God, it was happening. My pussy quivered and another trickle filled my already- wet panties.

I had to do it.

I grabbed the bottle and inched just barely off the ground to take my panties off—but it was too late.

“Oh, God,” I gasped. It was way too late.

Unchecked by my hand, the piss shot through me like a bullet. One hot spray shot through my panties and audibly landed on the sleeping bag, making my face flame with embarrassment.

And it was followed by another trickle that ran in a stream down my thigh.

I was losing control.

It was happening.

I was wetting myself.

“I… can’t… Marley… I’m so sorry, it’s coming…”

And I choked back a sob and shrank to my stomach because there was no stopping what had already started.

My pee spread in several horrible, uncontrollable bursts in my panties, and I buried my face in my pillow to hide from the shame.

Then the pee began running down my legs and it spread on the surface of my sleeping bag, the puddle around me growing at an alarming rate.

And all I could do was smother my sobs while it was happening.

I was pissing my panties. I was pissing my sleeping bag. And Marley was right next to me.

She put a comforting hand on my back as if to say it’s okay and that only made my hysteria worse.

I wept harder as the dam broke completely, soaking my panties. It kept on coming, kept streaming down my legs, kept soaking the sleeping bag.

The last few spasms of pee came and I was thoroughly soaked, my panties sagging, the bag thoroughly puddled.

I wept in breathless silence.

And of course, by then, all sounds of animals, predatory or otherwise, had stopped.

“I’m so sorry,” I sobbed, unable to stand that I’d wet my sleeping bag with Marley lying on it.

She continued to pat my back, only making my shame worse. “It’s okay Katie. You held it for so long. You had to.”

I cried harder.

Despite how gross it was we stayed like that for a good long while, huddled in silence, in case any more animals came near the tent.

I cried for what felt like an hour, and we stayed in silence for what felt like even longer.

The minute the sky started to turn light blue Marley felt safe enough to get up out of the soaked sleeping bag.

“Here, let’s get you cleaned up.”

“I am not letting you help me clean up,” I moaned. I couldn’t take any more indignity at all.

But she put on the tough love. “You are so fucking stubborn. I’ve already seen you wet the bed, Katie, I think I can handle it.”

She wasn’t wrong.

I squirmed out of the bag, wiping the tears from my face.

It was all so much worse now that I could see it. The dark puddle filled up so much of the sleeping bag, and definitely would have reached where Marley was lying.

She produced unscented wet wipes and toilet paper from her bag and cleaned herself up first, removing her own panties as if to show me there was nothing to hide out here in the wilderness, wiping down her legs.

By now the first bits of light were starting to appear so she tugged on sweatpants, turned towards me, and said, “Let’s go to the creek.”

I followed, in a daze.

She led me a far distance from the tent, and then she helped me to remove the dripping panties. I numbly stepped out of them. She stuffed them into a bag and I looked away, unable to handle how mortifying it all was.

But Marley looked relieved to see me finally subdued and compliant. She began to help me wipe down my legs and I’d never felt so humiliated in all my life.

I’d also never felt so good to feel clean in my life.

“I’m sorry I made you do this,” Marley said finally. “It was supposed to be fun. It was supposed to be for us—” she looked a little embarrassed. “To spend more time. Just us.”

I managed to speak now. “I will never take toilets and toilet paper for granted again.”

She laughed lightly.

“And.” I gazed into her eyes with meaning. “Thank you for taking care of me.” Now Marley blushed, but I went on. “Really. Marley. I am so embarrassed. I can’t believe you saw me like that.” My voice cracked a little.

“You don’t have to be embarrassed. Really, Katie. It’s our secret.”

“Well. I won’t forget how you took care of me.”

I swallowed. And finally, I added. “And I will never. Ever. Ever. Go camping again.”
