Peeing on Fires

By DesperateJill (2021-04-22)

Last night I was sort of recovering from illness still and wasn't feeling that great and I knew I wasn't going to get much done, so I just started looking through my story list for upcoming stories that I wanted to write and I came across this one that I thought of back in January I thought, yeah I can do that in an hour, so I ended up going through with it. I usually don't write fetish stuff when I am not feeling well since I am usually not in a fetish mood when I am tired, sick and lethargic and not eating anything, but I also tend not to write stuff that is as serious when I am sick, so I tend to focus more and fetish stuff and comedy stuff.

This was inspired by something in another thread where everyone was talking about whether people ever tried peeing on a campfire as a way of putting it out. My response was that that would probably be difficult for women seeing as women would have to hover over the fire and everything and risk burning their ass whereas men could aim it. Basically the whole story developed from there then where it become sort of a pissing contest between men and women with that whole idea of men using their penises like fire hoses, but with my character wanting to prove that women could do so as well. I hope you enjoy! You can also read it in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/6121.html

Peeing on Fires

As Jill, Chrissy, Kate, Henry and George all sat around the roaring campfire naturally their discussion turned to all sorts of deep and profound philosophical questions about the universe.

"What do you want to bet that I could piss out that entire fire by urinating into it?" Henry asked.

"I bet that I could totally piss out that fire much easier than you could, especially after a couple of beers," George said.

"Why does everything with guys ultimately come down to a pissing contest?" Jill asked.

"What, you girls are just jealous that we can piss out a fire while you can't cause you lack the proper firefighting equipment," Henry said as he patted the crotch of his pants. "You just have never known the joy of aiming at a fire and peeing all over it and watching it go out. It is a raw feeling of power and dominance over the forces of nature."

"That sounds like it's kind of dangerous," Chrissy said. "Aren't you worried that you might like burn your Dick off or something?"

"Hey we have a lot of experience making sure we don't accidentally burn our Dicks off, it's something you learn early when you are a guy," George said. "We know how to pee on a fire without burning off our Dicks, it's a natural talent."

"Well I have to admit that I have never peed out a fire before," Kate said. "In fact I never even had the idea of thinking about putting out a fire with my urine before."

"Well I do admit it would be probably harder for us to do it than a guy though, I mean guys at least can aim into the fire, we would have to basically hover our ass over the fire and that sounds even more dangerous," Jill said. "I mean I don't even like squatting outdoors in general, I certainly don't want to squat over a fire and risk falling back and burning my ass or pussy on a raging campfire."

Henry shook his head. "Girls are weird, they miss out on some of the most exciting things in life like this."

"I kind of wonder if this is the reason why more women don't grow up to be firefighters," Kate said. "Somehow I feel like guys have a natural instinct to piss all over everything and that being a fireman is just sort of a natural extension of the desire to urinate all over everything."

"Wow that's pretty deep," George said as he drank another beer and wished he had some pot. "I guess being out here in nature under the stars and everything like that really gets the mental juices flowing. It kinda makes me wonder if maybe out there there are some aliens looking down on us as they urinate on their campfires. Wait would aliens urinate, I mean I presume they would wouldn't they?"

The five of them continued eating and drinking into the night and over time their bladders naturally started filling up rather fast.

"Well I think that I need to drain the lizard, and I think that I'm going to use it to put out this campfire," Henry said as he unzipped his fly and began peeing in the fire causing smoke to come out and he started looking really relieved and pleased with himself.

"That is totally gross," Chrissy said as she crossed her legs subtly not wanting to make it obvious. She hadn't peed in about nine hours and all of those liquids were getting to her bladder but she didn't want to admit that she had to go pop a squat somewhere. However watching Henry urinate was not making it any easier for her to ignore her own need.

Jill and Kate likewise were sitting there with their legs crossed and tapping their toes as they watched Henry smile with relief as he stood above the smoldering fire that nonetheless continued to burn rather strongly.

"Well it looks like you aren't destined to be a firefighter after all," Kate said. "You may have peed a really long time but that fire isn't anywhere close to being completely put out. Smokey the Bear would not be impressed with you."

Henry seemed as though his pride had been wounded as a man and he shook his head. "Well I don't see you contributing anything to putting out the fire."

"She probably just has enough sense that she doesn't want to burn her ass and nether regions on a fire doing some type of stupid stunt," Jill said. "Women don't have to reduce everything in the world to a pissing contest, we are a little bit more mature about these things."

Jill, Chrissy and Kate all sat there looking at each other with that look that said, good God do I have to pee right now but I don't want to make a scene. They were all thinking that maybe they should go off together saying that they just need to have a girls talk as an excuse to go relieve themselves discreetly, but then they saw George stepping up and throwing his beer can on the floor.

"Watch as a real man puts this fire out," George said as he unzipped his fly and began peeing into the fire as he moaned with relief as more puffs of smoke came up from the fire that was not yet still fully extinguished.

"Oh well bravo, it seems that you can't put out the fire either big man," Henry said sarcastically clapping.

"Well I did more than you did hotshot," George said as he shook his head and looked away.

"Well hey at least we did our part to put out the fire, we know that the women certainly aren't going to do it," Henry said as he and George high-fived each other in a way of trying to save face in their loss of masculinity for failing to put out the fire successfully.

They could see that the three women were looking decidedly uncomfortable after watching them urinate into the campfire but they knew that the women probably didn't want to admit that they were bursting.

"Do you ladies want any more drinks," Henry said as he opened another beer, clearly to taunt them.

"I mean unless they feel that they can't hold their liquor," George said realizing that they had just been challenged to a drinking contest with two men that had just relieved themselves and if they didn't accept the challenge they would lose face.

The three women looked at each other with determination but also a look of worry as they sort of shook their heads and reluctantly each took a can of beer and slowly started drinking it, before looking at each other again as though they had just made the biggest mistake of their lives.

Another hour or so of drinking followed as Henry and George took turns peeing into the fire to try and put it out as the women sat there on a log sort of squirming around and looking increasingly uncomfortable by the minute. It was blatantly obvious to both of the guys that the women were going out of their minds and could barely sit still because of the fullness of their bladders.

"What's the matter ladies, you all look uncomfortable for some reason, is everything okay?" Henry said with a wickedly evil smile. Seeing them in that situation where he knew they were obviously bursting but didn't want to admit it was giving him a major hard on that he was trying hard to hide.

"Oh fuck it, I'm going to show that a woman can be a firefighter just as well as a guy," Kate said as she stood up, pulled down her pants, spread her legs and let loose with a powerful stream into the fire as the four others stood there staring directly at her with this raw display of feminine force.

"Wow, God damn," George said shaking his head as the fire started letting up larger amounts of smoke than ever before.

"Well it looks like I out pissed both of you guys," Kate said as she pulled up her pants and sat down on the log between Chrissy and Jill looking relieved. As she shook the log she couldn't help but notice that Jill and Chrissy cringed from the movement.

"Hey don't rock the boat," Chrissy said as her bladder began to throb.

"Wow I can't believe you just did that," Jill said.

"I can't either, but I guess when you're drinking that much and your bladder is that bursting you tend to lose a lot of your inhibitions," Kate said. "All I know is that I feel so much better right now."

As Jill and Chrissy saw Kate lean back on the log looking smug and satisfied with a relaxed look on her face they were both trying not to whimper, but they both realized that watching her go to the bathroom made them both more frantic than ever.

As the night continued and they drank more and more Jill and Chrissy were becoming positively frantic to the point where they were barely able to stop shaking their legs. Jill was practically carving things into the log with her fingernails.

"Does anyone want more to drink," George said as he held up another beer and offered it to Chrissy.

"Oh Lord I just can't take it anymore," Chrissy said as she ripped down her pants, spread her legs and began peeing right into the fire causing big clouds of smoke to come up as she moaned and sighed with relief. She smiled and looked at everybody as she pulled up her pants. "And I didn't even burn my ass off!"

They all had a good laugh as Jill continued to sit on the log looking anxiously at the fire which was still burning in spite of the fact that four people had already urinated extensively on it. Seeing all of them urinate into the fire was just making her go completely out of her mind but she didn't want to give into peer pressure.

The four of them gathered around Jill on the log looking with evil smiles on their faces.

Jill shook her head. "I'm sorry you guys but if you think that I am going to pee on the fire like all of you like some animal you have another thing coming. Like I said, I don't believe in turning everything into a pissing contest."

"Suit yourself Jill, does anyone want more to drink," George said as the four of them began drinking as Jill looked on with an anxious glare.

Over the next half hour as everybody continued drinking except for her, Jill sat there rocking back and forth on the log tapping her feet furiously on the ground, whistling to herself and digging her fingers into the log. She could hear the stream trickling not far away and the sound was driving her completely insane but she did not want to give into peer pressure and involve herself in a pissing contest.

Jill started gritting her teeth and she was finding it almost impossible to concentrate on anything else. She knew that the campsite bathrooms were at least a 15 minute hike and as soon as she stood up she realized that she wasn't going to make it. She wasn't exactly sure what she was going to do. She considered just trying to make a run for it, but as she felt all of that pressure rushing to her bladder when she stood up she realized that there was only one option.

"I'm never going to live this down," Jill said as she hobbled over to the fire, slowly pulled her pants down, spread her legs and let loose with a powerful hissing stream of urine directly into the center of the fire until thick clouds of smoke were coming up and causing her to cough and her eyes to water.

Finally she had finished and pulled up her pants looking extremely relieved and self-satisfied.

"I believe that pissing contests are really immature and everything, but how about that, it looks like the fire is finally out," Jill said as she smiled and walked away with a confident stride.

"Well she knows that we all helped, it's always easy to get the last bit in to finish the job after everybody else has been working at it for a while," Henry said.

"Yeah we totally assisted you with that, you just finished it off," George said as Jill smiled and walked off into the tent.

Chrissy put her arms around Henry and George. "Face it guys this is one pissing contest that you did not win. We all beat you this time, and I think the Jill beat all of us through sheer determination and stubbornness, or just the fact that we could tell that there was no way she was going to make it all the way back to the campsite bathrooms without wet pants. One way or another, we kicked your asses!"

"To Jill," Kate said as the four of them opened their beers and clinked their glasses together before taking a sip. "America's next future firefighter."

"And she didn't even need a hose!" Chrissy said as they all burst out in hysterical laughter.
