Desperate Arts
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique (2012-02-18)

There was a famous photographer near my hometown. His style is to make pictures of many nude people at public places. I'm interessted in photography and so I took the chance to be part of his art and became volunteer. The shoot was scheduled at 5 a.m. to use the morning light.

I had to travel about 30 minutes and so that meant I had to get up at 4 a. m. To reach the location in time. Normaly I don't get up before 7:30 so it was not an easy start in the morning. I got up, made myself some coffee and took a quick shower. The shower refreshed myself and with more power I made another cup of coffee. Then there was time to leave, so after all that coffe I used the toilet before and than hurried to the station. Usually I buy another coffee at the station but it wasn't open already, so I decided to buy my usual cup at the main station there I had to chage trains. Twenty minutes later I sat in the right train, a fresh big cup of coffee in my hand and my mood slowly increasing. It was now 4:45 and I calculated that I would reach the location in time. At 5:55 I reached the square there the shooting was only to find that a long line of people built at the information desk there you also had to register.

So I bought another coffee at a nearby shop to keep myself awake and joined the line. The line was slowly moving and it took twenty minutes until it was my turn. I had to write my name down in a registration sheet and was told to put my clothes in lockers they had built up at the ather side of the square. Also everybody got a bottle of water. Seeing the water I felt the coffee was slowly reaching my bladder and so I asked the clerk if there were toilets. He said that they don't have mobile toilets because the shooting wouldn't take that long but in case of any emergency the persons joinig the photo shooting were allowed to use the loos of two cafes which he told me.

He also added that before the shooting there wouldn't be enogh time for me because they wanted to start soon. So I took the key he gave me and walked to the lockers. For a moment I thought about using the toilets first, but then daubts came if I were able to manage that in time and as a big fan of this photographer I didn't wan't to miss the moment after all that efforts to came here. Also I meant to know that the coffee shops are not open before 6 a.m. So I put off my clothes and bound the key to my ankle like I was told before.

At this time I felt the need to pee quite noticeable but didn't think about it to much and started to drink the water I got because I was really thirsty. I just couldn't believe it after all the coffe but so it was. Then I walked at the middle of the square there about 200 people were already waiting. The first minutes it was a strange feeling to move around completly naked but maybe after 15 minutes it became normal. Beyond normal was the feeling at my bladder area. The need increased slowly but constantly and I wondered when the photographer would start his work. At the moment he was not in sight anywhere and I crossed my legs in frustration. 

It took at least twenty more minutes of waiting and so I finished the water until the photographer arrived and spoke to us with a megaphone. He started to group the people after his imagination. I had to take my position, stay at this position and then had to wait until he was ready with all the others. There was not much distraction during this time and so me need to pee became more present to me and so I crossed my legs from time to time. Finally he started with taking pictures. During this we were begged not to move to much and I found out that this was not easy anymore my need became urgent.

After a few shoots he made some comments about how much fun this one was and I thought that it was over now and was glad about that because my bladder was really full now. But to my surprise he started to put the people to new constellations and I had to stop my dream of using the toilet at once.

He told us to sit down for the next picture. I did so and tuck up my legs to put pressure of my bladder. But then the next order came to strech the legs and cross them at the ankles. So I did but the situation become uncomfortable. I was now tempted to wiggle my legs but first of all we were instructed to hold still and second everybody around would have noticed. So I tried to hold on without wiggling but not very long and I had to move my legs a bit. My bladder was really full now and it started to get very uncomfortable. 

I tried to change posititon a bit to become more relaxed. But every try of my of course limited abilities caused of the pose didn't make it better. After what seemed a long time the photographer told us to stand up. I got up and a sharp pain hit my lower abandom. I put my right hand on my bladder area to ease the pain a bit. After a few seconds the pain went away. But my bladder sent warning signals. Now we were told to pull one arm up. Stretching my body so much didn't help me. So I was glad when it was over. But at this time I nearly couldn't stand still. I tapped from foot to foot, crossed my legs and put one hand on my bladder. I found out that a naked pee dance seems more obvious than you are wearing clothes. If I had worn jeans, it would have been easy to put the hands into the pockets discretly but so I had no option. From time to time I found myself trying to fumble at my wasitband to loosen it only to notice another time that I had no clothes on.

Then the last order from the photographer hit me unexpected. He ordered us to do some jumping jacks. I held my breath. My bladder was full I was doing a more or less discrete pee dance for the last half hour and I wondered if I was able to take this. The signal came and everybody did jumping jacks. I tried to do it without much power not to shock my poor bladder but the slightest jumping jack was to much for my bladder. It really hurts now and I had to stop soon to regain control. After a few seconds I accompanied again only to find it more difficult like before. Luckily the pictures were taken and we were told to stop and so I did. But my condition was very bad now. My bladder trembled and I had to cross my legs hard to keep control. I had to find a loo quickly I knew. I started at once to walk to the cafe to use the toilet there. My bladder hurt bad and I had to bend at the waist my hands on my bladder to support it somehow.

But walking seemed to remember my body to the jumping jacks and stinging pain hit my bladder. I had to stop for a moment and cross my legs to hold on. Suddenly I remembered that I was already naked and of course I wouldn't be allowed to enter the cafe like this. So I turned and walked to the lockers to take my colothes. I had to make little steps to prevent my bladder from jolts and at one moment I couldn't help myself and had to grab my crotch. It became humilating because there there many people and everybody could have seen it. I reached the lockers only to find out that there was a line building so I joined the queue and crossed my legs. I tried to stand without drewing to much attention at me, but within seconds I was shifting my weight from foot to foot. But the urge to pee grew steadily and I wondered if I was able to make it. I pulled my right tigh up and turned it over my left knee for a moment to fight the massive urge. Then again I crossed my legs to be able to stand still for another moment. 

But soon I was tapping from foot to foot. Standing still was impossible now. My frantic movement caused also a connstant wiggling of my boobs which made my motion much more obvious than if I had worn a bra and a top. Everybody around me could see that I was dying to pee. My condition got worse every minute. The second time I had to hold between my legs now and of course somebody noticed. I couldn't think clear anymore. What to do? I sat on my heel but this helped only a few seconds and standing up was nearly to much for my bladder.

I tried hard to regain control but it was a loosing battle. I was dancing around as discretly as possible but from time to time I got some sympathic looks what meant that my predicament was obvious for the people around. A sharp urge hit me and I had to cross my legs hard and bounced up and down and my boobs did the same. I noticed that some people did talk about me now but I couldn't help myself anymore. Finally it was my turn. The clerk asked my name and I answered with a trembling voice although I tried to speak normal. For half a minute I managed to stand still legs pressed together in front of him but then again my habits slipped away and I crossed my legs hard an put my hands into my groins nearly holding myself to keep dry. Then I walked with careful steps to my locker and had to bend down to get the key from my ankle. It was a welcome chance to sit on my heel but it was pure torture to stand up again. I managed to get into my panties and jeans. The jeans were tight now and I left the zipper open. Then 

I grabbed my bra and put it on. It was difficult to close it because I was absolute frantic now. I had to use both hands to close the lock. I nearly made it then I felt my bladder give way so I had to press my right hand into my crotch. So again I had to fumble with the bra, not easy while pee dancing. Then I slipped into my top and jacket an then tried to close the jeans. The waisband cut into my bladder but I gritted my teeth and closed it.

I started to walk directly to the cafe. Now I was able to help myself a little more by putting my hands deep into my pocckets.

I walked with small steps little bent over at the waist and had to stop a few times press my hands deeper into the pockets and cross my legs not to wet myself. It was so humilating because everybody noticed my predicament. Then I felt a spurt escape and I started to hurry. Now I lost all my dignity and openly grabbed my crotch to prevent me from loosing it. I felt another spurt escape and started to run as good as possible and pressed between my legs harder. Then I reached the cafe. I headed in and saw the toilet sign and this was to much for my tortured body and I started to wet myself. I hurried into the toilet to prevent more damage but my jeans were soaked. I sat on the bowl and emptied completly. I had to went home like this. Luckily the clothes dried until I was at home. It would have been totally humilating if my neighbours had seen me like this. It was humilating enough in front of strangers.
