Make It Up To Me Pt. 03
	Sean continues to suffer as his bladder threatens to explode.
Author: Nowthisisunbelievable_123 (2020-01-23)

By the end of another hour, Sean was on the verge of pissing himself. He had no clue as to how he managed to not lose control all this while. Probably, the desire of saving himself from embarrassment helped him to hold on. His stomach was so bloated from the enormous amounts of urine in his bladder. He was full. So full that he clenched all his muscles with whatever strength he had.

He sat on the edge of his chair and rocked back and forth. He had heard of the term "bursting to pee", but until now, he never really had the opportunity to experience it in its full glory. There were times when he was desperate, or when he ached so bad from wanting to pee, or when he felt like he really needed to go, but this time, he was bursting!! Literally. The urine had descended to his shaft and he could feel the liquids relentlessly pushing at his pee hole. The only thing that still held it in were the occasional strokes to his penis, thereby rendering it hard. Yes, he was finally fully erect and utterly desperate to urinate. Somehow, he had to get to the toilets, or he would end up emptying his bladder right there. On his chair. In his pants.

Richard glanced over at Sean and saw him jiggling his legs uncontrollably. He was pale and red in the face at the same time. His eyes trailed down to Sean's super tight crotch and saw his rigid member standing up and throbbing.

Sensing Richard's eyes on him, Sean cast a wayward glance and saw him smiling. "What?" he snapped.

"Nothing." Richard smiled even more and nodded his head. Leaning towards Sean with an elbow on the chair, he whispered, "you really love me, don't you?"

Sean simply swallowed. He was in the right mood to unleash hell on him but doing so could burst his bladder. "Please let me go pee buddy, I can't hold it anymore, please... I need relief... right now!" He could hardly talk, he was struggling to contain himself.

"You want to pee?" asked Richard quietly.

"Badly," he stated.

"How bad?"

"See look, I don't want to play these silly games. I was already desperate for a piss in the car, all I wanted was to get down, run to the bathroom and pee, and you didn't let me. And that was more than two hours back."

"On a scale of 1 to 10, how bad do you need to go?"

"Are you dumb? I said I don't want to play!" Sean shot back.

"On a scale of 1 to 10, how bad do you need to go?" Richard repeated firmly. He wasn't going to back down.

"Twenty. Happy? Richie, I'm going to go pee whether you like it or not. I'm not going to piss myself in front of all these people like you want me to." His eyes watered from being hit by a massive wave of desperation. He squeezed his crotch and rocked back and forth to control himself.

"Now when did I say that?" He asked coyly. "I never asked you to piss yourself in public, on the contrary, I had asked you to do otherwise."

"Oh, just shut up, Richard!" Sean hissed frantically.

Richard threw his head back and chuckled quietly.

Holding his wiener, Sean bobbed his legs up and down. He wasn't in the position to keep toying around. He had to go urgently. Anymore waiting could end up in humiliation.

Richard enjoyed his lover's predicament in silence, then reached out for Sean's crotch and cleared off his hands before holding it himself. Being hard and erect, it didn't take much to grasp it in his own. "Full erection, check." He slid up and down Sean's stiff penis, making him want to pee worse than before.

"What are you doing? Don't do that!" He hissed dangerously, shooting frantic glances around the hall. The place was packed with people and though all of this happened under the table, chances are that 'someone' was due to find out. Richard did things to him that made his urge to urinate unbearably urgent. Panicking, he clenched his thighs shut.

Enjoying his plight, he reached out for Sean's bladder and felt its structure. It was round and bloated. The waistband of his pants were tight, a clear sign that his bladder was filled to the brim and bursting. He gently pressed down on it, forcing the urine to push its way out to the tip of his penis. "Richie, no, I'll... don't do that! I'm losing it!" Sean cowered in his seat as his desperation reached a new level of urgency.

Richard swallowed. Sean's desperation was doing things to him. He held his penis like a wand and slipped and slid over it, all the way from the base to the tip.

Sean moaned quietly, dying from the need to empty his bladder. His touch also sent waves of pleasure and relief coursing down his pee cum sex organ. Eyes watering, he clenched his lips before letting out a long, quiet puff.

"You guys okay?" Came a voice from across the table, shocking them. It was one of their friends at the party. He was seated at the same table as them. It was a large table meant for 16.

Richard's hand immediately paused under the table, but stayed right there, on Sean's penis. "Yeah, we're fine, why ask?" He was alarmed, but handled the situation so smoothly that no one could make out.

"Nothing, you kind of look disturbed, especially Sean," he stated.

"M-me? No..." Sean lied. For a moment, he had considered telling the truth, anything to free himself from his predicament. However, that would mean leaving the table with a full blown erection.

"Sure?"

"Yeah man, I'm okay," responded Sean in a strained voice.

Mr. Interruption, or how they'd like to address their 'friend' for now, started a long and unnecessary conversation about old times. The others at the table joined in, making things even harder for Sean.

Richard, nevertheless, slowly resumed his activities under the table, challenging Sean to not piss himself in this situation.

But Sean had other things on mind.

