Make It Up To Me Pt. 05
	Sean finally gets to pee in the most unconventional place.
Author: Nowthisisunbelievable_123 (2020-08-03)

In the blink of an eye, Sean shielded his crotch with the blazer, shot up from his chair and scurried to the door.

"Sean!" Richard called out as he shouldered past, but he wasn't going to stop. He couldn't. He was on the verge of pissing his pants and had to get to the gents' room this instant!

The toilets were at the end of the corridor, at least that's what he knew. He clamped his penis shut as he walked briskly to his destination. Halfway through, urine started to seep out from the tip, so, with his hand still clutching his dripping penis, he dropped the blazer and broke into a run.

Richard was on his tail, trying to get to him faster.

Sean was frantic. The closer he got to the toilets, the more anxious his bladder got. Squirt after squirt, it pumped out a good shot of hot urine each time.

As he whipped around the corner, he saw a sign: LADIES TOILET

"Shit!!!!" He cursed and boomeranged back to where he came from.

"What!? What happened!!?" Breathing hard, Richard stopped in his tracks.

"That's the ladies!" Sean hurried to the other end of the corridor hoping that the gents' would be there.

"Where are you going?" Richard called out.

"Toilet!" Sean's voice echoed from the other end of the corridor.

"I think it's locked," said Richard in a not-so-audible voice.

As expected, Sean returned in a heartbeat, still holding on with his dear life. "It's locked!!!" He crossed his legs as tears brimmed in his eyes.

"Why would they lock it? Let me go around and find someone to open it up!"

Richard had almost begun to leave when Sean stopped him. "Leave it! Just tell me if there are any other toilets around here."

"There's one on the ground floor, you know that," he answered.

Sean sighed in frustration. That was a long way to go! And the urgency to urinate was at an all-time high. "I need to sit down," he said as he looked around frantically.

"There are no chairs here," said Richard, glaring at the empty corridor. "Just hold on, we'll make it to the ground floor."

"I wanna piss," whined Sean with tears in his eyes.

Richard watched him for a moment, feeling turned on at the prospect of his boyfriend being this desperate to pee. "I have an idea," he said. "It won't get you to the toilets any faster, but it should help you hold on till you get there."

***

"Where are you taking me?" Sean hissed.

"Just keep going," Richard instructed as he tagged behind.

They were in the stairwell now. The lights were dim and the place was deserted.

"The toilets are on the ground floor," Sean reminded as they kept climbing floor after floor.

"I know," said Richard calmly.

"Then why?"

"Just keep going," sighed Richard.

"I don't know what games you're up to, but I'm in no mood for it," he said crossly, "and in case you've forgotten, I still have to pee desperately."

"I know, can you just trust me for once?"

That kind of put Sean off-guard. "I do trust you, you know that!"

Richard simply sighed. "Go on," he waved.

"Again?" Sean was a little confused. "Actually, where the hell are we going? We're already at the top of the building!"

"I know!"

They reached the door located on the topmost floor, the door that led to the terrace.

"Where to now? Outer space?" Sean remarked sarcastically.

Richard laughed.

"Enough of this," snapped Sean, "what kind of a joke is this? I'm dying to pee here and you're just making a fool out of me!" He prepared to shoulder past.

Richard stopped him. "Whoa-whoa-whoa! Hang on! Where do you think you're going?"

"Up your ass! Get off!"

"Chill buddy, see look, we're alone, no one's going to come up here. We can do what we've always wanted to do."

Sean squinted at him. He could see where this was going. "You're so fucked up, man. You could have just told me."

"And would you have obliged immediately? No, right?" Richard inched closer with a strange twinkle in his eyes.

Sean's erection that had died down after sprinting out of the party hall earlier was slowly beginning to return. On one hand, he was desperately trying to hold on. On the other, he was getting aroused knowing very well what was in store for him. True, he'd always wanted to do this, hold his pee for Richard, just like he wanted, but he never thought that he'd have to get THIS desperate for that. As of now, he was struggling to stay in the same spot. He was so desperate that he had to keep shifting on his feet.

"If you'd asked nicely, then maybe," answered Sean, "I'm ready to do anything to stop it."

"Stop what?" Richard asked in a low, seductive voice. A smirk played on his lips.

"The urge."

"What urge?"

"You know it already you douche," Sean smirked back.

"I want you to say it," he breathed.

"The urge to urinate," Sean shrugged.

"Say the full thing," he demanded, his pants beginning to tent up at his crotch.

"I'm ready to do anything to control the desperate need to urinate, anything, till I get to a toilet."

"Perfect," hissed Richard and gently groped Sean in the crotch. He was rigid already, one, from having to pee, two, from being turned on.

With a loud, steely zip, Richard caught hold of the fastener and unzipped Sean's pants. He fished through his briefs and retrieved his semi-hard penis. "Your undies are wet," Richard remarked with a smirk.

Sean froze as Richard held his shaft and milked it all the way from the base to the tip. "Have to pee badly you know," said Sean, letting out a long hissy puff.

"How bad do you need to go," he whispered as he continued to rub Sean's erection.

Sean, who had to pee incredibly bad, crossed his legs. "Ten plus... I think I'm going to lose control," he moaned.

Hearing that, Richard quickened his pace, jerking off Sean's penis three steps faster.

Sean doubled over, hissing and pursing his lips.

"What is it? What do you feel?"

"Have... to... pee... God... I'm going to come..."

"Not yet!" Richard slowed his pace on Sean's penis so that he won't come too early. He went nice and slow so that he felt the ache of his full bladder and the discomfort of needing to pee urgently.

"So did you really have to pee that day?" asked Richard as he worked on Sean's hardness.

"I did, but it wasn't this bad," Sean was breathless as he said that. He paused to let out a puff.

"So partly, you were turned on by her."

Sean clamped his eyes shut as the pressure build in his bladder, penis and balls at an unbearable level.

"Answer me, Sean."

There was a brief silence where nothing other than their deep breaths and the rapid, slippery slide over Sean's penis could be heard.

"Sean?"

"Hmm?"

"You didn't answer me. You were turned on by her, weren't you?"

Richard speeded up, jerking off Sean's urinary cum sex organ at the fastest possible rate.

"Admit it, Sean, you were attracted to her, and that's why you were hard, and not just because you wanted to pee." Richard was breathless as he said this.

Sean had pressed himself against the wall now, as Richard walloped his penis. He wanted to pee, desperately, he was about to shoot his load, a hell lot of it.. it was all close, at the tip, ready to explode.

"Yes...." he hissed in response.

"Repeat it, you had to pee, and you were turned on."

"I had to pee, and I was turned on," Sean groaned and shot his thick load. Soon after, urine started off with a dribble and progressed to a thick stream. He was peeing. With all his might. Uncontrollably!

Richard stepped back and watched the flood make its way down the stairs, floor after floor. He could see that Sean was still trying to hold it back, but he couldn't control his bladder anymore. it continued to empty itself to the last drop.

By the time Sean was finished, his bladder which had looked so round and full before had deflated and once again, his waistline was a size zero.

"Damn, that's such a mess. What do we do?" Sean looked terrified at the prospect of having emptied his bladder in the stairwell, all the way from the top floor.

"Leave quietly," said Richard.

And so, they went their way, acting completely oblivious to the torrent of pee in the stairwell.

They took a bus home. Halfway through, Sean felt his bladder twitch again. "I'll need to go soon," he said and rubbed his stomach, right where his bladder should be.

"You can go in the morning," Richard suggested.

"Now what?"

"I'm not done with you," Richard answered.

