The Library

Author: Terri, July 1994

The library was extraordinarily quiet for a Monday night, the only night it stayed open late. My coworker and roommate, Ann, was home with the flu so I was working the night shift alone. Only one more hour and I could close up. My eyes ached, my feet hurt, and I was in an all around pissy mood. I finished checking in all the returned books and prepared to put them back in their rightful places. My system was to work from the bottom up, putting the books back on the lower shelves before climbing up the ladder to the top shelves. From atop the ladder I could see the whole library and I enjoyed looking things over before Iocking up for the night. I was wearing a short broomstick skirt, the kind with the soft, wavy pleats that was really too short for climbing ladders, but I wore matching panties under it with a garter for holding up the fishnets, and I figured it was decent enough. Besides, no one was even in the library right then.

I started in fiction and intended to work my way to the biographies. Kneeling to fill the bottom shelf, I felt the familiar stirrings of a bladder about to be full but, as usual, I didn't want to stop what I was doing long enough to pee. Up to the next shelf, a large load of books and even more pressure. I knew I could hold it, I sometimes played a game with myself to see just how long I actually COULD hold it before I finally had to give in and go. My personal record was 3 hours 14 minutes from the time I first noticed the urge, until the time I finally burst.

I knew I'd be finished long before 3 hours, so I kept on working. Besides, the pressure felt good and I knew that when I finally did go, the pissing itself would be very pleasurable. At the 4th shelf up, I finally had to step up on the ladder, which reached up to the 8th shelf - the top. I never had been afraid of heights, so climbing to the top shelf was no problem for me. I slipped off my pumps and started climbing, my fishnet clad feet warm against the coolness of the metal ladder. From the 4th shelf I could still reach the books in the cart, but when I moved up to the 5th shelf, I had to fill a basket with books, carry it up, put them away, come back down the ladder and fill it again.

Shelf 5 had the most books to return, it being the K section and I had to make 3 trips down the ladder (2 for Stephen King's books alone), and each time the pressure in my bladder became stronger. By the time I got to the 6th shelf, I was tired of going up and down and I loaded all the rest of the books into my basket. As I lifted the heavy basket onto the rung above me, the strain caused me to lose control of my bladder a bit and I could feel the warmth of fresh piss spread into the crotch of my panties.

Although the feeling was intoxicationg, I held my legs together hoping to stop the urge for a moment, and moved farther up the ladder, book basket in tow. By the time I reached the top I was in danger of totally losing control. I was too far up now to get back down to the bathroom so I pushed my hand between my legs and cupped my pussy, holding it together as tightly as possible. I could feel the warmth of my wet panties and I slipped a finger inside for just a moment, enjoying the heat. Finally the urge subsided a bit and I started putting up the last batch of books.

Clumsily, I dropped one of the remaining 3 books and it landed with a loud THUD! I had to spread my legs a bit to retain my balance and when I did, a few drops of piss gushed out, spreading hotly in my panties. I looked down only to find a very handsome young man picking up the book...I was NOT alone! I had seen him coming in earlier in the evening, but thought that he, along with everyone else, had left already. Here I had been, shifting from one leg to another, holding my hand between my legs, biting my lip to keep from pissing on myself, and someone had been there all along watching me!

I was so embarrassed, and on top of that, had to pee so badly I thought I would burst! He looked up and smiling at me said, "Looks like you need a little help." I nodded, embarrassed to do anything else, thinking he meant help with the book. Just then, he stepped under the ladder and looked up, straight under my skirt to my panties! My legs were spread slightly and a dark stain showed where my piss had spread. I gasped and shrieked at him, "What are you doing down there?" but he just smiled sweetly and said, "Helping you out of your dilemma." I moved down one step, but as I did my bladder gave way and a river of piss cascaded down my legs.

The man lifted his hands, catching my flow, and my initial horror and humiliation turned to mild arousal. I tried stopping the stream but it kept trickling down, and he brought his hands to his mouth and drank. Inhaling deeply, he closed his eyes and turned his mouth upward, swallowing rapidly every drop. I couldn't believe this handsome stranger was actually enjoying my waterfall, but there was nothing I could do to stop it, even if I had wanted to. Eventually my flow became a trickle and the trickle became a drop. When I had finished pissing I stepped haltingly down the ladder into the arms of the stranger.

He kissed me and I tasted salty sweetness on his mouth. "Would you like to go have a drink?" he asked slyly. I smiled knowingly and locked up the library, looking forward to the next time I had to work the night shift alone.

