Business Class
  (Female Desperation)
By Paul Tester (2006-01-31)

The couple walked across the departure area of the airport. Both smartly dressed in the casual way, they have the look of seasoned travellers. She is slightly built, with fair hair falling softly over her shoulders, and framing her gentle, soft face.

They stop to get their bearings and as they go to move off she gently pulls his arm and indicates the 'Ladies' they have stopped near. "Before we check in?" she asks, her eyes silently pleading for his agreement.

He nods his consent and watches as she hurries through the open, welcoming, door. He almost smiles with the pleasure he gets from watching her walk. She is wearing well-fitting trousers in a light denim fabric and a belt with an unusually elaborate buckle. He takes particular delight in the way her jeans hug her neat round buttocks, the feint outline of her tiny knickers showing, as if indicating the delights that are hidden beneath her clothes.

When she re-joins him, they check in together and then passing smoothly through the emigration, they head for the business class lounge and find seats together in a quiet corner. He fetches two cups of coffee and they drink slowly. Later when a waitress collects their

Onboard their flight they take their seats in the business class cabin and accept the glass of champagne the flight attendant brings. Touching glasses, they drink while both smile in anticipation of the flight to come.

After take-off, they drink more champagne and she quietly asks the cabin attendant for a bottle of mineral water, "so she does no get de-hydrated" she explains.

When the captain announces the duration of the flight as five hours, due to unexpected head-winds, her face clouds and she bites her lip anxiously as he raise

"Flight delays are all part of the fun of flying," he reminds her, pointedly indicating her glass of water which she has not touched, then he orders coffee for

Looking slightly worried she finishes her water and hopefully stows her table as the cabin attendant clears the meal tray. As if trying to make a point with her

She reclines her seat and calls for a blanket, as if she wants to sleep the remainder of the journey. Quietly to her companion she says; "I dare not sleep now"

He smiles knowingly at her and then, having reclined his own seat to match hers, reaches for her under their blankets. She does not resist as his hand moves over her slim body, lingering on her abdomen, and then pushes between her legs, which he is not surprised to find she has crossed tightly.

She welcomes his hand between her legs, reassured that he is not going to press on her abdomen now he has felt the swelling there. When he presses his hand between her legs, she smiles gently at him and silently mouths 'keep doing that, and harder please' then as she remembers how he likes to tease her, adds the plea 'don't stop without warning me, please.'

Knowing, and appreciating how she is prepared to suffer for his pleasure, he pushes harder and gently moves his fingers as if trying to find the most effective spot to press on, trying to imagine her feelings and how badly she needs to pee. She squirms in her seat and moves forward to make his hand press harder into her.

The seat -belt sign flicks on and the begin their landing approach. She frowns as he tries to tighten her seat-belt, fearing any extra pressure across her abdomen, then, as they hit some turbulence she winces at the jolts of the aircraft which seem to affect her more than other passengers. The much heavier jolt as they land causes her to gasp and clench her hands on her legs, then as they taxi to their stand she is preparing to leave, only for the CA to gently remind he that she must not move until the aircraft has stopped.

She is among the first of the privileged passengers from the front cabin to leave the aircraft and holding hands with her companion, as if he is trying to hurry him along, they are near the front of the queue of immigration formalities. She makes a conscious effort to stand still while waiting for her passport to be stamped,

Then they are both cleared and she is standing in a similar manner waiting impatiently for their bags to arrive, then hurrying both of them through customs, silently hoping they are not singled out for inspection and searching. At last clear of all formalities they reached the

She sighs with exasperation at the check-in and registration formalities, standing close to the reception counter with her hands in front of her. He notices this and taps her shoulder in rebuke, ignoring the pleading look she gives him.

At last they are alone in the privacy of their room, and as the door closes he moves to hug her but she shies away, twisting he legs together and pressing both hands between them. He holds her close to him while she squirms and moves her bunched fingers as if trying to find some magic spot between her thighs which will stop the throbbing ache in her abdomen and the burning, urgent, need she has to release her pee and give up her long struggle to force her bladder to stretch and contain what she has to hold.

Together they move into the bathroom and he takes a key from his wallet and releases her belt buckle. With a heartfelt gasp of 'Thanks!' she undoes her belt and with shaking hands she pulls off her jeans, and then pulls her tiny white knickers to her knees and with his agreement squats in the shower area and with an even more heartfelt sigh of relief relaxes her tired, aching sphincter and smiles at the pressure of the jet of pee she is releasing. Looking up, she sees the smile on his face and knows she has done well, as the pressure of her pee is showing him how much she has been holding, and she knows it will please him.

He is checking his watch and she hopes she can keep this pressure going; her bladder is still aching for relief and she thinks she will be able to pee for several minutes. When her stream of pee a last stops he checks the time and she remains squatting, as if the release has been so good she wants it to continue. Then she stands up, wipes herself, pulls up her clothes, and moves over to him. He carries her into the room, lays he gently on the bed, where she undoes her jeans and allows him to remove them, leaving her lying on the bed, wearing only a loose top and her tiny white, satin knickers.

He feels he between the legs, and she smiles at him. "O.K. Still dry, I held it all the way, but I never thought I would make it. God! Did I want to pee, I must have been at bursting point when we got here. It still

"It was a new record, the longest you have ever peed for," he tells her, "You really did hold on to your limit, I have never seen such pressure."

Lying together on the bed they embrace and she presses her body against his, quietly asking him to 'make it better, make the ache go away,' and opens her legs

As they lay close together on the bed, she looks at him, then asks, "Do I get a reward for holding out for a new record pee?"

He smiles at her, "Maybe we should go on holiday to that spa resort in Thailand you were telling me about," he replies, then seeing her delight at this, quietly

She grimaces at this, then answers with more bravado than she feels, "I can mange. I think I must be training my bladder and building up my holding strength. When I first met you I could never have held out long enough to get to our room today. I Honestly thought I was going to burst when it took so long to register here. I know I was a naughty girl holding myself at the desk but I was so close to loosing it, I had to do something."

He hugs her close, remembering the excitement he go from seeing her struggling to contain herself, then trying to look stern to keep his control over her, he tells he she will be punished for being a 'dirty little girl' and holding herself in public.

"I'll take you for a walk in the morning, after breakfast," he tells her, and looking at the breakfast menu he continues, "Fresh Orange juice and a pot of coffee, I think, is what you need to set you up of a long walk."

Accepting her punishment, she nods her agreement and snuggles against him. "Can I open a bottle of spa water to drink in the night?" she asks him, "I do not

"So long as you drink it all and do not waste any," he tells her, taking a litre bottle from the mini-bar and opening it...
