True!

Author: Jo (2002-05-22 at 12:32) #744

Well I've been looking at your board for a while, as I love to hold it and pee myself in private, but after something that happened last week, thought I'd share a true story with you.

It was last Friday, and a load of my friends went to another girlfriends hen night in London. Myself and my friend Sally were staying at her place, which was about a 10 minute walk from the restaurant.

The drinks had been flowing all night, lots of wine and a few after dinner drinks. Everyone was well away although nobody seemed totally drunk. It was about 12.30am when we said our goodbyes and Sally and I set off for the walk home. We had only been walking for about a minute when Sal confessed to needing a pee and badly. I had the slight urge to pee, but nothing bad. I told her she hadn't got far to go and we would soon be home. We carried on walking when she said that it was getting worse and worse. To try to reassure her I told her I needed to pee too, and knew how she felt, and yes I was getting fairly desperate, but felt sure I could make the walk home. Sally said it might be easier if she held herself and although embarrassed to do it in front of me said she felt she had no choice. We carried on walking and I could tell she was in a real state. Knowing she really needed to go seemed to make my own urges worse, but I knew I was still very much in control.

She then said she didn't think she was going to make it home, and I must confess I started to feel very turned on, although hid it well! We walked for another few minutes and saw some parked cars. I said to her why didn't she squat behind one of them as she was desperate. She said no and carried on for another minute or so, when totally unannounced she made a strange yelping noise and grabbed hold on a wall.

I was a few steps in front of her at that point and turned round to see her still holding herself, peeing straight through her pale blue dress, which was turning very dark! The pee was running down her legs and literally splashing onto the ground. All she said was Oh my God, I can't stop it - I'm peeing my knickers! I haven't done that since I was six years old! (She is 21 by the way!) The sight of her peeing nearly made me orgasm! But then this very naughty thought went through my head - why don't I do the same? I didn't I chickened out, but still keep imagining how good it must have felt!

