A Story
  Entry to: Week 36
By Frodo (1997-11-01)

It's a dready day here in New England, so I wrote this.  

I had to pee.  It wasn't surprising, in view of the large amount of water I had guzzled in the past couple of hours.  I let the pressure grow until the urgency sent me upstairs.  Not to the bathroom, but to my bedroom closet, where I pulled out an old, worn, fraying pair of jeans.  Stripping off my good clothes, I drew on the soft, faded denim, gently stuffing my balls and hardening cock into the right leg.  The jeans were very tight, so it was an effort to get them buttoned, but the snugness helped to subdue the increasing need to pee.  

And then the memories flooded back.  The many times in my youth when my poor control and poorer planning left me clutching my cock in my elementary classroom.  The several occasions when my mother was called to bring me dry pants.  Those long bus rides on field trips, not knowing if there would be a toilet immediately available when we arrived.  The constant fears that I would once again embarrass myself.  

In seventh grade, I resolved that things would be different.  I worked to increase my bladder capacity and control, and eventually it became an enjoyable experience when I had to pee and was able to hold it in.  What a happy day when I held it for the entire school day and didn't pee until I got home!

With this triumph under my belt, I extended the time.  I would spend nearly a minute at the drinking fountain just before leaving school and arrive home absolutely bursting.  My mother didn't get home until six, so I had three hours to put on old jeans and go about the house - jumping, squeezing and pulling - until the pee started to leak, then to gush out, the warmth spreading from my crotch down my legs.  

My daydreams were interrupted as I felt the pee starting to slip down my cock.  I gave it a pinch, then rubbed the firm mound to bring the hardness that would help me wait longer.

I remembered the time I was at a baseball game with a friend when he announced that he had to pee.  We had both consumed two cans of soda while watching the game, and though I felt full, I knew I could wait a while longer.  My friend, however, was pressing his crotch and was clearly in some distress.  There were no rest rooms at the small field, so I told him he would have to hold it until the game was over, then we could run to my house which was only a couple of blocks away.  Within minutes, he was rocking in his seat, squeezing hard, telling me he was about to wet his pants.  This made me so horny and hard I thought I would explode!

We started for my house, but by the time we had travelled half the distance, I could see that his pants were, indeed, getting wet.  When we got to my house he was soaked.  I gave him a pair of my jeans to wear, and told him he needed to practice so that this wouldn't happen again.  In the following weeks, we spent several sessions together, my friend hopping and rocking and clutching to increase his capacity, and me getting hot and horny and hard from the performance.

This fond recollection ended abruptly as I felt a more strident spasm of urgency.  I squeezed hard to contain the pee.  I rocked gently in my chair and daydreamed again.

In high school, I was Master of my bladder.  I never really needed to use the john at school even though I might be somewhat full.  I recalled a football game that I attended with friends.  We smuggled in beer under our bulky jackets, and by the end of the game it was having its natural effect.  We stood in line for the mens' room, the friend behind me truly desperate to pee and clutching his cock in plain view.  Yes, I had to pee as well, but I knew it was under control and I had time to spare.  My friend, on the other hand, burst into tears as the pee squirted through his grasping fingers and soaked his pants.  There were a few snickers, but as most of those in line were also nearing desperation, there was a certain amount of sympathy.  

During this time in my life, about once a week I would continue the practice of loading up with water at school, then waiting at home until I just couldn't hold it any longer.  I generally selected a particular pair of old jeans or running shorts to wear for the event, and I always experienced strong sexual excitement during the process.  Jacking off afterwards was always explosive.

Again my reverie was interrupted by the increasing need to pee.  This time I had to jerk and rub to maintain some semblance of an erection and press hard to keep from leaking.  A few drops escaped and left a dark spot on the faded jeans.

In college, drinking beer appeared to be the school sport.  The favored drinking place was filthy and malodorous, with just a single toilet in the mens' room.  The clientele was largely male, and with well over a hundred of them filled with beer, the line grew quickly at this inadequate relief station.  As a result, some patrons attempted to pee in the parking lot, though the local police often arrested them for indecent exposure.  Even when we utilized the sink as a urinal, the line at the mens' room door would lengthen, and peed pants occurred every night.  I would stand in the queue of squirming students, quite confident that I could wait my turn without a problem.  Just watching the variety of techniques for holding it was fascinating to me.  And it made me incredibly horny!

I was brought back to reality by a sudden contraction of my bladder that was so strong that some pee escaped despite my firm grasp.  I was peeing my pants.  I jumped, I squeezed, I used all my willpower to stop the flow, but a great, warm gush flooded the front of my jeans.  I watched the wet stain darken the fabric, heightening the sexual pleasure of it.  I relaxed and let Nature takes its course.  

I looked forward to the session that would follow.  Memories and fantasies would mingle as I teased myself into a state of excitement that would erupt and finally exhaust me.  Tomorrow would be indeed a fine day!

 
