Kinky Saturday
  Bored girl has fun with webcam online.
Author: kinky-saturday (2008-03-07)

Belinda woke up and stretched as the sun came through the window of her bedroom. Slipping down the stairs and into the kitchen she noticed the letter on the kitchen table. Her mom was informing her that she had to check on her aunt and would be gone most of the day.

She had nothing planned for that Saturday as most of her friends were out of town or working that day. She ate a light breakfast and headed into the shower. Knowing she was alone in the house for the day she did not bother dressing, but threw a towel around her and headed into the living room.

A quick check of the channels proved that there was nothing to watch this early in the day so she turned off the television set. Hearing the familiar alert from the nearby computer she walked over to check the incoming e-mail.

She waded through an amusing set of e-mails from her crazy friends and deleted the unwanted messages. She lifted her coffee cup to her mouth and decided to surf a little bit to see if anything interesting would turn up to help an otherwise dull Saturday.

She eventually made her way into an Adult chat room with webcams and begin sifting through the amusing subjects and rooms.

It was then that she noticed a rather unusual subject line.

"Tell me what to do to my girl," was the line given by a male.

She giggled to herself at the strangeness but could not resist the temptation to find out what this guy was up to.

She was greeted by a male who identified himself as Steve. After about 15 minutes of idle banter she got the nerve to ask him about his curious subject line. He informed her that he and his girl, Amanda, were into some unusual and kinky sex, such as bondage and such.

She laughed but continued to converse with him and he eventually informed her that at that moment Amanda was tied spread eagle to the bed and the purpose of his being on here was that he wanted a total stranger to tell him what to do to her and he would carry it out. Anything was acceptable as long as it did not involve bodily harm.

Amused, she decided to play along and asked him how could she be sure he was not lying to her about the entire thing. He informed her that a webcam was stationed at the foot of the bed and she would be able to view the entire process and she could always log off it she felt too uncomfortable with it.

She decided to call his bluff and told him she agreed and to let the games begin. The screen went blank for a moment or two and when it came back on she watched in total amazement as before her was a female bound hand and foot to a large four poster bed. She was wearing only a black lace bra and short panties and her black hair was slightly mussed up giving her an erotic appearance to say the least.

"Meet Amanda," the text stated.

"We are ready for your first command," was the next sentence and she swallowed hard trying to think what to say and wandering is she should just log off at once, but there was something forbidden and arousing about it so she pondered her first task.

"Take off her bra", "I want to see her tits," was Belinda's first message.

She bit her bottom lip in anticipation as she watched the monitor and soon she saw him walk over and bend over Amanda. Lifting her just a bit and reaching around behind the bound girl he loosened the bra and she watched as it lifted off revealing a well defined set of tits with nice round nips.

"Very nice," she typed.

Realizing how the game was to be played now she fumbled at her keyboard for the next set of instructions as her heart begin to beat faster.

"I want you to lick her breasts until her nipples are hard and erect," she sent.

She watched in delight as Steve again bent down and his tongue begin tracing the tender nipples, flicking and sucking on them for a good while until at last they were clearly erect and swollen.

"Is this sufficient?" came the reply from Steve.

She acknowledged his reply stating her satisfaction with it and searched her mind for her next command as she traced the girls naked breasts on the screen.

"Take off her panties now," she typed.

Again, she watched eagerly as he obeyed her command. Watching the screen adjust for a clearer view she saw his fingers slip beneath the fabric of the lace panties and gently begin sliding them down. Since her feet were bound, he was unable to remove them and they stopped at about ankle length.

"Is that far enough?" came his reply.

"No, cut them off", "I want her totally naked," she typed.

She found it hard to believe she was actually saying this, but she was finding herself more and more aroused and getting into the scene. She watched as a pair of scissors cut the fabric and the last thing covering the bound girls nakedness fell out of sight revealing the girls shaved pussy and puffy lips.

"Much better," she remarked to him.

"Now using your tongue, give her oral sex until she cums," was the next command.

She smiled gleefully as Steve bent over and again the camera was adjusted so she could clearly see his tongue as it traced the clit and then down along the lips of her pussy as the girl begin to moan in audible pleasure.

As she watched she could not help but feel her own pussy getting wet from the erotic scene now playing before her. Steve skillfully used his tongue until the girl gave a more pronounced moan that indicated orgasmic delight. She watched as Steve slowly raised and the camera panned in on the girls drenched pussy, still leaking its feminine juices.

"That was awesome!" she notified him.

" I would love to watch you fuck the shit out of her," she typed and speedily sent it to him.

"That can be arranged shortly," came his reply.

By now she had become much more at ease in talking to him and they spent some time conversing back and forth and she sent her boldest text yet.

"I want to see your cock!" the text stated bluntly.

She watched as Steve stood and undid his jeans and slid them off. He was wearing no underwear and his shirt had already been removed earlier. She gasped in delight at the thick manhood now showing itself proudly for the cam.

"Make her suck it until you cum in her mouth," she typed quickly.

Again, she watched eagerly as Steve made his way to the bound girls face. Removing her gag she watched Amanda lick her lips that were dry from the gag. She watched as Steve ran the head of his monster cock around the lips then slowly inch into her mouth.

Belinda could no longer help it and slipped her free hand between her legs and caressed her own pussy that was wet with desire. She closed her eyes momentarily trying to imagine what his cock would feel like against her own lips.

She watched as Amanda sucked his cock skillfully, barely able to get into her small mouth. Belinda fingered her own pussy and clit towards orgasm as she watched the erotic scene before her unfold until Steve gave a long moan and filled Amanda's mouth with an incredible load. He slowly pulled out and she watched as the remaining cum oozed out of Amanda's mouth and down her chin on both sides.

"That was incredible!" she exclaimed.

They exchanged some more e-mails and she was startled to find out that Steve and Amanda lived about 20 minutes from her house. As they were chatting she could hear Amanda moan something in the background and Steve walked back and talked to her for a few moments.

Walking back to the camera he sent her a message.

"Amanda needs to pee" was the message she read.

She gasped again, startled at the directness of the message. Was he asking her permission? she thought to herself. She was now wetter than ever and on the verge of orgasm as she pondered the poor girls fate.

"How long has she been tied up?" Belinda asked.

"About three hours now," came the reply.

Belinda worked the hand of her free finger furiously over her soaked pussy as she pondered the incredible, yet decadent situation now presented to her. She now heard Amanda in the background stating she had to go badly.

"Go to the kitchen and get a large glass", "Make her pee in it so I can see it, " came Belinda's tortured response.

As Steve left she leaned back and tried to contain her now impending orgasm. He soon returned with a large glass and placed it just under her in a manner that the glass would catch the escaping flood.

It was an agonizing several minutes until she heard the trickling sound and saw the glass begin to fill up with the girls escaping piss.

The scene was so utterly perverse, yet so hot that she came in a powerful orgasm as she watched the bound girl piss at her command.

When the glass was full the flood subsided and she watched Steve sit the glass aside to be disposed of later.

Steve then suggested they meet and asked if she had ever had a threesome. She stated that she had in no way ever done anything close to that, but was now so far gone with erotic desire that it sounded good to her. She got his address and instructed Amanda to remain tied up and she quickly dressed in a sexy and comfortable outfit and headed over to the nearby address.

