Squeeze Me Hard

From: Jack (1997-01-16) T#360

Hi, Here is one of the stories I wrote. It is a true report of an incident with Jill.

Jill and I went for a walk the other day. We were visiting her parents who live in a college town. We went walking in the park on campus, but it was so crowded. Apparently there was a game starting soon so we decided to walk to the stadium and maybe scalp some tickets.

Jill already had 2 cokes before we left. I brought a couple for the road. I knew she had to pee, but she has this pride thing. She doesn't want to admit that she needs to pee. Blah, blah, blah... We did a bunch of stupid little things that took about 2 hours. I forgot that she needed to pee.

On the walk home, I looked over at her. I thought she was walking with her hands in her pocket, but when I looked closer, I noticed she had a hold of her waist band and was pulling her jean shorts up. She left her hands there, giving her shorts a tug, more and more often. I've never seen a girl do this, with the exception of my sister. It looks great. No matter how loose the shorts are, you can see their labia bulging out of there now skin tight shorts.

When we were 20 minutes from the car, she started to arch her back slightly. By now, she was pulling her shorts up as hard as she could as we walked, to keep constant pressure on her pee hole. Now and then, she would stick her ass out a bit until she felt the intense need to pee fade. I know she wanted to cup her mound with her hand and push up on it, but there were too many people around and she is shy.

Her tight little ass kept popping out more frequently. She said she should have worn a skirt (she reads Michelle's posts). As we walked by the pond, I said "look at all the water!" "Don't tease me", she cried, just before she smacked me. At that, she dropped to a sitting position on the grass. She began frantically moving her ass around in circles in front of at least 20 people walking by. I saw a small wet spot grow between her legs, just a small one. She shifted all her weight to one side and then the other. It looked like she was trying to walk using her ass cheeks as legs.

Finally, she got back in control. The spurt she let out must have relieved her pressure. She got up and asked me if I could tell that she had squirted. The wet spot was directly below her crotch, so you really couldn't tell unless you were looking up at her. That meant only little kids could see that she had an accident, which I'm sure exited her. We got back to the car without any incidents. The ride back to her parent's house was uneventful, too. She sat in the car with her legs crossed tightly, gripping the door handle, occasionally shifting positions.

Knowing that she's home and she can pee, always increases her need. She told me before that as a little girl, she would get so excited as she took her pants down that she would sometimes start to dribble. Knowing this, I started to tease again. 

"Oh, you've held it for sooo long. Don't you want to go let it ALL out?" 

She grabbed her crotch in the middle of the parking lot.

"Oh please, please don't make me pee in my pants", she begged, "I don't want my mother to see me in wet pants". 

Actually, she had shorts on, but she was nearly hysterical so I didn't point out her mistake. 

I said "If I promise not to tease you, will you hold it through dinner?" 

She agreed.

Unfortunately, we were late for dinner. The family had already started. I ended up with a seat directly across from her. Her sister was to her right, her mother to her left. I could see her moving around a bit, but not nearly as much as I would have expected for her condition. Her mother and sister kept looking over at her. She gave me a few desperate glances. About half way through, she jumped up and went to the bathroom. She told me later that her pee muscles kept twitching faster and faster. She said she jumped up when they were twitching as hard as when she lost control on the school bus.

I said fine. Drink 2 more glasses of Coke and hold it for our 2 hour drive home. She did because she felt bad. I got interested in a new computer game her brother had and forgot about her again. By the time left, she said she was about to burst. "Please, can a go before we leave? Just a little bit, please? I'm never going to make it. I'm about to pee in my pants right now", she said as she squeezed her thighs together in the parking lot. I told her to get in and if it got bad, I'd stop at a rest area... maybe.

Needless to say, it got bad. Fortunately, it got bad for her during a long stretch of interstate with no rest areas. She put her head on my lap and said she was going to try to get some sleep so time would go faster. She laid down with her legs pressed tightly together. I slid a towel under her ass, just in case. Pretty soon, she started bucking her hips. Five miles later, her back was arched. The Cokes must have been hitting her hard. Twenty minutes before the next rest stop, she opened her legs wide and slid her hand over her mound, gave it a good squeeze, and closed her legs tight again. This must have helped a lot because she stopped bucking her hips.

"You're not allowed to grab yourself", I said. 

She removed her hand, and shortly after, she started dry humping the air again.

"You better squeeze me", she said, "It's about to come out." 

She opened her legs for my hand. After I covered her, she tried to close her legs. I said no. As she laid there with her legs spread open and my hand cupping her labia, I felt her pee muscle involuntarily contracting and releasing. For a while (2 minutes or so), that was all. Soon I felt her muscle spasms between the involuntary contractions. She started bucking her hips and grinding her pussy into my hand.

"Squeeze me hard", she commanded. 

I did. The spasms were non stop, now.

"Squeeze me harder", she begged. 

I was pushing as hard as I could. The muscle spasms spread over her body. She was shaking all over. She put her hand over mine and pressed in hard. Her muscles contracted hard, then released for a second- this time with a spurt of hot pee. Another contraction, followed by another spurt of pee. The wetness started to grow. "I can't stop it", she cried. The muscle contractions slammed harder, but the spurts lasted longer. She was flooding her shorts. The towel soon saturated and a puddle began to form in the seat. I could not believe how much she peed. We didn't bother stopping at the rest area. Jill road home in a large puddle of pee.

Heterosexual men stop reading here.

This is one of the few times that I wet my pants. I had 5 cokes, a glass of juice, and waited 13 hours.

