A minor breakthrough

Author: Accidental Tourist (1998-06-30 at 08:55) #15851

I have been married for almost ten years and have only once come close to telling my wife about these “predilictions” ;)

That time was a few years back when she was pregnant — we were standing in the back yard when she suddenly, without any warning, began to wet her pants. She was very embarassed and ran into the house. Later I told her that her accident turned me on.

(OK, I know there are those of you who will appreciate details, so: she was wearing black leggings. She was standing against the wall of the house looking at something when suddenly she said, in a shocked voice, Oh Jeez I'm peeing my pants. I looked and there were visible shiny trickles about halfway down the inside of her thighs — I only got a glimpse before she ran into the house.)

Anyway, her reaction when I told her about being turned on by her accident was to look at me wide-eyed. She didn't say anything, but I got the impression she was weirded out by it, so I said “That's pretty weird, isn't it,” and she nodded, and no more was spoken about it.

Until last night. We were in bed, stroking each other, beginning to get turned on. Sex is complicated these days between us by the fact that she's 8 months pregnant again, and I just had a vasectomy a few weeks ago. I'm still a bit sore, but under doctors orders to have orgasms (!) — after twenty of them, I get to go have my semen checked to see if the vasectomy worked. Anyway, we are having fun these days, but sex between us seems to be a deliberate decision since there are so many intervening circumstances.

So, we were lying there stroking one another, and I was thinking (as I have more and more these days) that I really didn't know how much longer I can go without beginning to let her know what's on my mind. Coming out to her about my love of wetting and pooping in my pants is becoming more urgent to me somehow — a desire to be honest and sharing with her. We had been talking about showering together — I had mentioned that we hadn't done that for a long time, and she had replied that she just didn't enjoy it. And so I had just finished telling myself that tonight wasn't the night to do anything about this, ah well.

When suddenly my fingers strayed unconsciously to the small of her back, and I began exploring the top creases of the crack of her butt with my index finger, and she said “Mmmm, I like it when you do that.”

“What else do you like me to do?” I asked her.

She didn't answer, and I fell silent. And then, a moment later, “What did you mean by that question?”

“I don't know,” I answered, “what would you like us to do that we never do?”

“I'm never in the mood to talk about this stuff when you are,” she replied. I didn't say anything, figuring that the conversationwas going to go nowhere.

But a minute later, she began to tell me that she liked to fantasize, about me mastubating. I asked her what about me masterbating, and she said, sarcastically, what about you masterbating?! (I love it when she's sarcastic!) And I said, well, the sight of my penis? My cumming?

Your cumming on me, she said. I held my breath. The wet feeling of the cum? The splattering sound it makes?

No sound, she said. And then, a moment later, “What do *you* want me to do?”

I took an even deeper breath, and didn't know what I was going to say next. Then it just came out: “I want you to pee on me. In the shower,” I added hastily.

“Really?” She chuckled, and then she said, “That would be exciting!”

###

It's funny, I don't know how or when this will work out. I mentioned golden showers because I think, somehow, in her mind, that GS is more acceptable than pants wetting, and certainly more than pants pooping — it amazes me that I've gotten to the point where GS is *milder* than what's really on my mind!

Anyway, as I said, I don't know exactly where this is going to go, but wish me luck!

