Judy and Carolyn: Wet Accidents

Author: Aquavite (1996'01)

The following is based on some incidents that really happened, but is fiction.

I guess ever since I was a kid and first saw a girl in 2nd grade pee in her panties as she squatted in the school yard, making a huge puddle around her, I've gotten instantly turned on like nothing else. I remember in 5th grade Sara Epstein standing waiting for a bus in front of school peeing through her white cotton panties as she bit her lower lip, dying of embarrassment and turning bright red. Just before her accident she ran behind a large tree, pulled her plaid skirt up over her panties, and let go, in the process soaking not only her panties, but her legs, white socks, and loafers.

I stood right in front of her as turned on as I could be at 11 years old. I just starred at her yellowing, wet panties and the growing puddle. When she finished, blushing, she told me she all of a sudden just had to pee so much. We got on the bus, her legs still dripping and obviously wet shoes and socks, and as we sat together the back of her skirt got soaked from her wet panties. I was so excited I could hardly talk with her, and she was pretty quiet the whole way. When she got off before me you could see a dark, damp area all around her ass. People looked at her, and a couple of older boys laughed. I masturbated to Sara's accident for years after.

In high school I was fortunate enough to see a few girls wet their panties and pants (or dresses). But even these were few and far between so I would fantasize about attractive girls I knew not being able to hold it in, crossing their legs, biting their lips and finally in a last, futile attempt to avoid public embarrassment and humiliation grab their crotches. I would masturbate thinking of different girls then soaking themselves, in various states of dress, in all sorts of circumstances and wearing a variety of different clothes and styles of panties.

I was fortunately enough in 11th grade to witness a girl with whom I was friendly and whom I found really a turn on pee in her pants in a small park while she and I were walking home after school. Apparently she had to go really badly, which I didn't realize until just before her accident. We had been talking and laughing when all of a sudden she said something about not being able to laugh again or she'd pee in her pants. Of course this was an invitation. My prick was immediately hard, and Judy of course laughed at something a minute later and crossed her legs, gasped loudly, stopped walking and bent forward.

Although there were a few people in the park sitting on benches, Judy, unaware of them hobbled to the grass. I was awe struck as I watched her as pee poured down her legs wetting the bottom of her dress. At first she squatted down spreading her legs giving me a great close up view beaver view as her piss flooded and overflowed her panties. But then Judy quickly stood up as she realized she was peeing directly onto her dress. She pulled her short dress up over her panties, spreading her legs wide apart while saying, "Oh, Jesus, I'm wetting my panties...I can't stop! Oh, my dress is soaked. I can't stop!"

Then she just stood there in her white bikini panties, dress around her waist, and flooded them with her yellow pee gushing through the thin cotton onto the grass. Her ass was now to me and her panties were totally transparent and clinging to her. I felt ready to cum in my pants. I walked in front of her, mesmerized by her now see through panties and her facial expression: a combination of horror and relief.

I have no idea of the reaction of others in the park or even if they saw Judy wetting herself. I only knew that I ended cumming in my pants without touching myself. Judy continued to pee uncontrollably as I watched pee pour through her panties and run in rivulets down the insides of her creamy white and now soaking wet thighs. Before she was finished I felt myself explode in my pants, my erection pressing against my tan, chino pants. I came in what felt like an enormous burst, also uncontrollably, and quickly a large wet spot formed just off to the left side of my zipper.

I was so turned on and at 16 also so guilty about it getting off, automatically as it were, on Judy's massive, public accident, I could barely talk to Judy afterward. Judy finished peeing and stood up, dripping from her legs, socks, and the hem of her dress. She was red in the face, and for the first time looked at me. I, too, was red faced, embarrassed from guilt at getting off on her accident, and also about the still growing stain over my still very hard prick. She looked down at my pants, and glued for a minute on my 2 inch stain, let her mouth fall open.

Although clearly embarrassed about her accident, she seemed stunned by my cumming, and cumming without touching myself. "Tell me, Jay," she said, "you must have been really excited to cum all over yourself. Jesus, you didn't even touch yourself. Why did you find me peeing so exciting? I never would have thought that. God, things like that happen to girls, you know. You really got off on it." Her eyes returning to my still very wet stain, "Wow, you really let go in your pants. I can't believe you found me accidentally peeing in my clothes such a turn on."

I was embarrassed and guilty, since for the first time I was being forced to talk about my until then totally secret obsession. "I just love to watch you soaking your panties. You looked to helpless and out of control, and I loved the way, you know, as you wet your panties became see through, and your pee got you all wet. I've always liked girls in wet clothes, there're so clingy. But there's something about the way you looked, your face, and that you couldn't control yourself. Its such a turn on, loosing control like that, and wherever you are. God..."

Judy just listened, I think quite surprised by my reaction. Although Judy's legs were wet and her panties soaked, her skirt was a dark material and (unfortunately) didn't show how wet it was when she pulled it down after she finished peeing, except for the dripping hem. But her wet shoes and socks told the world that she had just peed in her panties. As we walked towards her home it looked like I was the only one wet, although at first she left a dripping trail. I finally overcame my guilt (and untucked my shirt to pull it over my pants' stain) and asked Judy about the other times she peed in her pants. I was dying to know, still incredibly turned on, as if I had never cum. She smiled a sort of sheepish grin, saying "I bet you would like to know..." She turn red again, yet began to recount her tails and trails of embarrassing wet accidents.

It seemed that Judy, then 16 almost 17, had rarely wet her pants as a little girl, but that about a year ago found herself having to pee more and more urgently as she would get closer to a toilet. She would have to pee, she said, and as she got to the bathroom door in her house, for example, she would have to cross her legs to keep from spurting pee in her panties. Usually nothing would happen, but increasingly she would find herself dribbling a little into her panties as she yanked them down and quickly sat on the toilet.

I asked her what she'd do when she damped her panties. She said at first she'd change into a dry pair, but that this began to happen so often she usually just ignore it and let her panties dry on her. I was so excited by her description, which was pretty matter of fact, that my breath was becoming short. Judy obviously noticed this, "This must really turn you on. You know, its sort of fun getting you this excited just talking about...you know...about things like this." I only said, "Yes."

As we walked, Judy now finished dripping, my prick feeling like it was going to bust out of my pants, Judy provocatively continued.

"So, wearing damp panties around isn't bad. In fact, you get used to it so I hardly think much about it. The problem comes if you wearing pants and dribble a lot. You end up with a pretty embarrassing stain. Of course, not as embarrassing as when a guy cums all over the front of his pants, like you." She smiled knowingly. "Anyway, except for one time I remember that I had dribbled in my underpants getting them pretty damp, and I had on a skirt, but ended up sitting not so modestly with some friends and Danny, you know him, asked me why my panties were so wet. I had on blue ones and you could really see the dark spot, I guess. I really blushed because he and the others knew I peed in them some."

"But the times I had other accidents, I mean really embarrassing big ones...The first one, god that was awful, I was on a bus about 6 months ago, going home, and I had forgotten to pee in school. I was in such a hurry to catch the bus. Well, I was sitting in the back, thank god alone, and I kept crossing my legs, and then uncrossing them, I had to go so bad. Finally I felt like I was going to pee all over the seat, and put my hand between my legs. I put my books over my hand, embarrassed that the few people around would see me, but nobody seemed to notice. God I sat that way for what seemed like 20 minutes, but it probably wasn't more than 3 or 4. My stop was coming up, but I felt I couldn't hang on that long. I started rubbing my crotch, which seemed to help me hold it in, but I realized a man across from me was looking at me really hard, sort of leering."

"Did that turn you on, touching yourself?"

"I was so intent on not peeing in my dress I didn't think about it. I stopped rubbing myself when I realized that guy was looking at me, and crossed my legs harder, sliding forward in my seat, way down. I must have looked pretty funny since the guy and a woman were looking at me, pretty confused. Somehow that position helped for a few blocks, and now I was almost at my stop. But I didn't know how I was going to stand up without flooding the place. It didn't matter since as the bus came to a stop at a light I just let go. I totally soaked my blue dress, the seat, everything. People just starred and gasped as I completely lost it and peed everywhere. I actually put my head in my hands I was so embarrassed, but it felt like such relief to pee, and just let go anywhere."

"God, I wish I had been there, I would loved to have watched, and...and maybe felt you..." Upon saying this I reached around Judy waist as we walked to feel the wet material of her skirt over and just under her ass. Judy and I had never been going out, but often walked with our arms around each other, and often on each others' asses, although we had never so much as kissed. We each were seeing other people.

She didn't object. "I like turning you on telling you this. You know I've never told others about this. Anyway, I finally managed to stop peeing in my dress, and jumped off at the next stop, trying to avoid the eyes of the others. But the backside of my dress was dripping and soaking, and I could feel my pantihose totally wet, and my panties. I walked home those 6 blocks to the stares of many people, my ass totally wet." I asked Judy what type of panties she wore, since I was tying hard to completely visualize everything that happened and how she looked. She told me: white cotton bikinis. My favorite.

She continued. "After that one I still had problems making it to the toilet often without dribbling, but for a while that was it. I managed to forget it, although I told a few girlfriends about it. But the next time almost the same thing happened, except that I soaked my jeans walking home one Sunday morning. I don't think anyone knew, except my Mom, because the streets were empty. I just had to go and the more I felt the pressure, the more I thought about it, and the closer I got to home and thought about the pleasure of sitting on the toilet for relief, the more I had to pee.

Then I had this spasm almost, like a flash, and stopped walking just as I let go uncontrollably. God, I just stood there my legs frozen together and soaked my jeans for about a minute. I looked down at the puddle and my wet shoes, but kept peeing. It felt good to pee, but I was pretty embarrassed and kept feeling that at least it wasn't public like on the bus. I kept looking around for people, but saw no one. I walked home with my warm jeans cooling, and changed once home. My Mom asked me what happened, and I admitted it to her. She wasn't shocked or surprised that her 16 year old daughter wet her pants, she said, because sometimes those things "just happen." I figured that that must have happened to her, too."

"That time was about 8 weeks after the bus incident. But then about 5 weeks after that it happened again. This time I wet my pants at a county fair with Sara and Joanne. I had to pee really badly, we all did, after drinking a lot of sodas. We were on a pretty long line for the toilets. I remember I was wearing a pair of white shorts and sandals. I had this feeling I wasn't going to be able to make it waiting on line, and told the other girls that. I didn't know what to do, but I kept thinking back to the recent accidents, and was pretty nervous, and told Joanne. She suggested I go over behind some bushes and trees nearby, but they weren't really protected, so I was pretty nervous.

I was about 6 people from the outdoor toilets, but the line moved slowly, and by now I was in the familiar position of crossing my legs and almost jumping around. People were beginning to look, so I finally took Joanne advice and almost hobbled over to the trees. In the middle of this small groups of bushes and trees I could see people to almost all sides of me and hesitated pulling my shorts and panties down while anyone could have seen me. Debating too long what to do the familiar spasm overtook me, and I just spread my legs wide and almost willingly peed through my panties and shorts.

I began to squat down as the pee ran down my legs, trying at least to not wet my sandals, and just squatted there wetting my pants. I was the most relaxed I'd been compared to the other accidents. It actually felt good to pee, and I'd been getting used to wet clothes. I think some people saw me, but I wasn't sure. I finished, but my shorts were soaking and dripping, and I realized very see through. You could actually see my hair through the front of my panties and shorts. I was red, again. And had to walk around in my peed in shorts and panties until they dried about an hour or more later. But even after that you could see the yellow stain. Joanne and Sara were kind, but I did get a lot of looks."

We were at Judy's house my now, and I was dying. I kept running the scene at the park over in my mind, and Judy's descriptions of her other accidents. Once into her house she said she'd better change, a disappointment to me. I'd seen Judy change before, and often seen her walk around in her panties and bra, and this time lucked out as she didn't close her door. She removed her skirt, and undid her blouse, walking around in her wet, white, see through cotton bikini panties, and her sort of see through bra. I felt my prick get even harder than it had been, pushing the still quite wet material of my underpants. As she undid her bra getting ready for a shower, I touched myself over my untucked shirt, intensely watching her panties, and loving the yellowed tinge on the material. I came. I don't think Judy knew I watch her.

I've masturbated thinking of Judy's accident and her stories to this day. Judy told me some other times she wet her pants, but I never was with her when that happened.

That experience with Judy confirmed what I already knew: I was totally transfixed by girls' peeing accidents or for that matter anything about their peeing. I was always alert for girls' who has to pee badly, and saw a few close calls. I would ask girls and girlfriends about their or their friends' peeing accidents and kept track of quite a number of stories they told about wetting accidents. I would jerk off thinking about them.

But Judy's accident was fixed in my mind for I now knew first hand that accidents did happen, and not just to little girls. Whenever I would see up a girl's dress and get a good view of her panties I would think of her peeing, or be looking for a telltale wet or yellowed spot indicating that she hadn't quite made it to the toilet on time. Or I would be making out with a girl and undressing her and get her in panties and all I could think of was her wetting them, usually in public. Even when I'd fuck a girl I'd think of her peeing in her clothes, usually so her panties were visible. I'd have dreams of girls pissing their pants.

But it wasn't until some years later when I started seeing Carolyn that I found a girl who actually came to share my turn on. Until then no girlfriend was interested in my peeing turn on, and while some would tell about either an occasional public peeing or infrequent accidental pants wetting none of them would do it for me on purpose, except on one fantastic, pee soaked cross country driving trip with Anna. But that's another story. Some thought I was pretty weird.

Carolyn was a born exhibitionist, which I loved. And did she have a lot to exhibit! Carolyn was blond, about 5'4", with a dancer's body, slender and long legs, and nice very round boobs. She also had a great, firm ass which was always admired by men. From the moment I met her we hit it off. She loved to talk about sex, as well as do it. And she really got off by exhibiting her body to both men and women. She liked low cut blouses, revealing and lacy bras, short dresses, or dresses with very revealing slits. In summer she would wear clothes of very thin material, sometimes almost see through, and in particular had this thing about panties. She loved them in all styles and colors, and had a huge collection. She also liked to show them off at the right moments, and enjoyed them all the more if she was wearing stockings and one of her many garter belts. For me she was a match made in heaven, and that was even before we discovered "accidental" wetting.

We had been seeing each other a few months but it wasn't until one day we were walking home late one hot summer's evening after being at a party with a lot of beer that Carolyn discovered my turn on. We were on a pretty empty street and Carolyn announced she had to pee real bad and was going to go by a tree. It was dark and no people were around so she just pulled up her dress and pull her panties to one side and let go. She was a little tipsy and when she first started peeing managed to splatter her shoes and let a little run down her legs.

Although it was hard to see I was so turned on that I just put my hand under her golden shower and began kissing her. She kissed me back intensely, after a brief protest about "...not now I'm peeing...", I moved close to her, so close my pants got wet from her pee. I loved the feel of her warm pee wetting my jeans. We kissed and while she continued to pee I started rubbing her wet clit. She shortly gave up all pretense of neatly peeing on the street while keeping her clothes and legs dry, let go of her panties and put her arm around me. I could feel her hot pee immediately soak her cotton panties as it continued to pour over my hand, and down her legs onto the ground.

By now Carolyn was almost as hot as I was, thrusting her pelvis onto my rock hard prick (soaking me totally in the process). I put my other hand on her ass, and pulled up her somewhat wet dress in the process, and felt her pee wetting the ass of her panties. I knew I was about to cum, and just before I did so ended up tearing her by now soaked panties right off her. (That wasn't hard since they were tiny string bikini types.) I came a very intense cum, surprising and pleasing Carolyn, since my pants were now almost as soaked as her dress.

After I caught my breath I continued to finger Carolyn until she came also while leaning against a tree. Afterwards while walking home wet she said she'd never seen me so excited, obviously aware that her peeing had turned me on. I told her all about my fantasies, my earlier experiences and described in great detail what had excited me so much about her having to pee on the street.

My greatest thrill was when she said, "Well, we need to do something to make all your wishes come true." Over the next few weeks hardly a day passed without Carolyn peeing in her panties or clothes once a day, sometimes as many as four or five times a day. Sometimes she'd let go just small amounts, enough only to dampen her crotch. Other times she'd straddle me, wearing only a pair of panties I'd pick out, and totally soak herself and me under her, after which we'd fuck our brains out.

Sometimes I would have her leave her wet panties on and push the yellowed, wet crotch to one side, other times I would take (or sometimes tear) her panties off, and rub us with the warm pee as we'd fuck. Sometimes I'd ignore her panties and let them fall on the bed or ground. She would sometimes roll on me in bed, put one leg up and concentrated, and then soak us with a few spurts of her warm, fragrant pee. I loved it when she'd pee on my underpants, and then jerk me off, holding my prick through the wet material of my underpants while I fingered her also wet panties.

While more than happy I still wanted to see Carolyn wet her pants in public. Even through she had by then dampened her panties or pants in public places (for instance a couple of times at a bar she'd release a few spurts in her panties) and was generally a show off, she was pretty hesitant to have an "accident" in public. While Carolyn was actually getting into peeing and pants wetting as something that turned her on, she had previously had a few real public accidents and remembered how embarrassed she had been.

But over the weeks she would often tell and retell these stories as we'd mess around or fuck, and somehow her resistance began to disappear. She began to associate a full bladder with sex, and liked the feeling of her "secret", as she called it, of having slightly peed in panties on with no one but me knowing. More and more of her own accord she would wait until the last moment before using a toilet, and sometimes would barely make it on time. This practice began leading to her having what I called mini- accidents just before she'd get her ass down on the toilet seat, and I made sure that each day she'd tell me about them or show me the results.

Her panties came to have a delightful smell of pee and pussy juice, and a visible yellow tinge on the crotch. Carolyn got into this game and would often show me the results of her mini-accidents or tell me about her close calls. She could often make me cum just by telling me how badly she had to pee while waiting for the bus, or while driving in her car holding herself so she wouldn't soak the seat. She would often sit on her couch with her legs spread so I could see her panties with their often large wet spot. I would think of Judy in high school and tell Carolyn these stories, over and over. They turned her on.

I think there were two events which made Carolyn open to a public accident. The first was a real private accident, a result of enjoying waiting too long to pee, while caught in a traffic jam. Although by now liking the pressure having to pee she hadn't counted on being caught short. While driving in stop and go traffic she was simultaneously holding her pee in and rubbing her clit masturbating, alone in the car.

When she finally got within blocks of home she came to an intersection and, as she said, "I knew when I moved my foot from the gas to the break I'd pee in my panties. I just couldn't hold it in." She said she totally soaked everything, all the while rubbing her clit. She said she would have cum except for the honking car behind her. She drove home and walked into the house dribbling in her tight pants. She told me she looked at herself in the mirror, her ass totally soaked, and found it very, very sexy. Enhanced, I'm sure, by the near transparency of the pants material revealing her also soaked, clingy and see through panties. Somehow this private "accident" turned her on. Unfortunately I missed it all.

The second event I was part of. That summer we would sometimes go to a sort of nude beach, sort of because while many people were naked, many others would lie around only partly dressed. I especially liked that a lot of girls would only wear their panties, and Carolyn liked this too since she got to exhibit many different types from her collection. Sometimes half dressed is sexier than naked, especially since many of the pantie styles were very sexy. As you would guess Carolyn and I took our subtle peeing games to this beach.

At first when Carolyn would have to pee she'd go into the water, like most others on the beach, and pee. Like other girls she'd come back with soaking panties, and usually see through, but from the water. But there would be times when Carolyn would be sitting and just pull her panties to one side and let go. Sometimes with a towel over her so people didn't see. I encouraged her to pee right in her panties, and she would if she thought no one was looking. Then she'd lie around in pee wet panties, but few people seemed to notice since it was difficult to tell what got her panties wet.

Then one time we were playing our game of seeing how long she could hold it. After a number of beers and much leg crossings and almost jumping around Carolyn announced she could wait no longer, carefully standing up to walk to the water. We were sitting very near the water and were surrounded by a lot of other people, including a gorgeous girl both Carolyn and I were eyeing who was wearing a tiny pair of yellow see through mesh panties. In short, we were both very turned on. I knew Carolyn well enough to tell that she was on the verge of peeing since she was walking with her legs pressed tightly together. Then just as the first wave lapped at her ankles I saw her body spasm as she bent slightly forward and a torrent of pee poured from between her legs, through her panties into the water. For a few seconds she stood frozen, and then quickly looked around.

A few people seemed to have noticed, including the beautiful girl in the yellow panties who I overheard telling her boyfriend. I felt myself about to cum in my underpants, which was easy since I was lying on my stomach, at the sight of Carolyn publicly wetting her panties, and of this beautiful girl watching her and talking about it. Just as I was cumming Carolyn regained her legs and ran into the water, peeing all the way, leaving me still spurting and a few heads following this lovely girl as she peed in her blue panties and then disappeared into the surf. (Carolyn reemerged shortly afterwards, and while embarrassed---people were still looking at her--liked that she had "accidentally" made me cum.) I got especially turned on, even after I came, because the yellowed pantied girl said to Carolyn sympathetically, "Hey, you know, when you gotta go, you gotta go, no matter, huh?" 

Carolyn smiled at her and lay down next to me, rubbing her legs against mine. She was obviously turned on. She loved it that I came in my underpants just looking at her, and made me turned over so examine my large wet cum spot. She wasn't the only one who looked at me. So between her quickly beach accident and the soaking the car seat Carolyn agreed that both in their way were turn ons to her. She was ready for a really public exhibition which I started planning.

We decided the best place would be a movie theater which we knew on Friday evenings almost always had a line outside, and we knew there was nowhere nearby to find a toilet. We choose the early show since it would still be very light. I spent a lot of time deciding how Carolyn should dress. About an hour before we left Carolyn drank two beers and some water, and by the time we drove over she was already squirming in her seat. I kept putting my hand over her panties and pushing them against her clit, and she kept telling how much she was dying to pee.

We lucked out since the line was already long and there was half an hour before the movie began. We parked around the corner, and walked to the end of the line. People quickly moved in behind us. Carolyn wore a very sexy light blue top with no bra through which her nipples jutted out. They were hard and I knew she was excited. Her skirt was tight around the ass and flared out mid thigh, but was short, some 4 inches above her knee. She wore heeled sandals. Her skirt showed her ass of in great detail. It was quite tight, and made of a thin yellow material.

More importantly it reveal her panties, not just Carolyn's pantie line, but it was nearly see through so her panties were almost visible. I spent a lot of time choosing Carolyn's panties. Finally I decided on a pair of white cotton panties (I can't resist pee wet cotton) cut very high on the sides, small and barely covering her ass, and very tight in the crotch with a small V descending in the front so they barely covered her pubic hair. The front had a lace panel and lace on the legs, although that wasn't visible through her skirt. The back and the crotch were a soft cotton.

In short Carolyn was dressed to turn heads, and turn they did. From the moment we walked on the line men were obviously looking at Carolyn's body, especially taken by her nipples and nearly see through skirt. For some minutes we just stood in line as Carolyn shifted back and forth, tightening her ass muscles and attracting even more male attention. Finally, Carolyn said to me but in a voice so that people around us could hear, "I've got to find a bathroom really badly, I can't wait until we get in. Isn't there one around here?", knowing the answer. I replied that I didn't know of one, at which point Carolyn asked the couple in front of us. They said they didn't think so, so she asked the two guys in back of us. They told her no. She had alerted them to her growing desperate plight.

Now while this was staged I knew Carolyn really had to pee badly as she was really trying to hold it in. By now she had crossed her legs and pulled her ass tightly in, saying even more loudly to me, "How much longer until the show? I'll try to make it?" I replied 15 minutes, and she groaned. She leaned on me and whispered in my ear, "Sweety, I'm gonna start peeing in my panties for real in about 2 minutes. I can barely hold it in. All that beer..." My erection was pushing hard against my jeans as I looked at Carolyn standing crossed legged, her skirt pulled tight, her panties so clearly revealed I could see the elastic rise on her thighs. I was not the only one looking for the two guys behind us didn't seem to be missing a beat, taking in her ass as was I.

Then I saw what I thought was Carolyn's telltale spasm, just a quick jerk of her body, but I knew what was coming. Carolyn bit her lip and her hands covered her bladder over her skirt as she let out first a quiet moan and then said, "Oh, no. Oh, no! I can't...I can't hold it. Oh, no.. I can't wait." Although she was talking quietly all those around us were by now looking. Her hands moved down from her lower stomach to her crotch and she pushed her skirt into it along with her right hand, and seemingly was messaging her clit as a final means of keeping from wetting herself in public.

She was now bending over even further; her ass looked great. Then, as Carolyn seemed to straighten up and move slightly out of line, a massive release of pee cascaded down her lovely tanned legs and ran more slowly down the front of her skirt. She spread her legs, now facing me and the line, her hands still pushing her skirt between her legs, and making it all the wetter in the process, as her pee made two rapidly expanding puddles at her feet. Her shoes were soaked as she still bit her lips. She was turning a real embarrassed red. There must have been at least 20 people intensely starring and pointing at her. Couples and friends were pointing out her accident. I overheard a few comments, like, "Look at that girl, she totally peeing herself."

"Jesus, look at her, she's pissing all over the street and her dress. I can't believe it." And from one of the two guys behind us, "Shit, look at that girl, I mean that's sexy. Her dress is soaking and I like those panties on her ass. I mean her WET ass." I loved it, and felt weak kneed, almost ready to cum without touching myself. Carolyn continued for some seconds more in that position, but she moved her hands which were also now wet from her crotch to her face, as if to cover her truly beet red embarrassed look. I realized that the front of her dress was totally soaked and her panties see through. Her pubic hair, as I had planned, we revealed through the wet lace of the front of her panties.

What happened next we didn't plan. Carolyn was truly embarrassed, and turned around, walking to a car while peeing . As she turned my eyes, and those of everyone else, took in her see through dress and soaked panties clinging to her ass. I began to walk over to her, following her pee trail on the sidewalk. But at the car she actually pulled up her dress and peed directly through her panties onto the street, her back to the line. I stopped at first noticing how her previously pure white panties were now tinged yellow. I didn't look at the people on the line but instead put my arm around her shoulder and guided her off as she held her skirt high. Eyes and open mouths greeted us as Carolyn dripped by. By the end of the line my hand was all over Carolyn's wet and still quite warm dripping ass. I was playing with her dripping, warm panties, pulling them this way and that, and generally feeling her wonderful wetness. My hand was soaked.

Our car was on a pretty deserted street. I pushed Carolyn against it, pulling her dress up and wedging my fingers against her still hot, wet and dripping panties, rubbing her clit as I knew she liked. She began to move hard against my fingers as her wet hands wet for my prick as it pushed against my jeans. I must have made her cum in what seemed like only a few seconds, and I came moments later loving the feel of her wet cotton panties pulled into her slit and dripping her pee. As she was cumming and as I also was about to cum in my pants, now getting pretty damp from being next to her, Carolyn was saying things like, "Oh, I wet myself with all those people...I could feel their eyes looking at me peeing through my dress...I know you could see through it as it got wet... I kept masturbating pretending I was holding myself. I could feel my pussy juice soaking my panties before I peed in them...Could everybody see my panties? I was so hot...My panties were so wet..."

We managed to open the car door and collapse in it. While driving home I made Carolyn cum again, this time with my fingers under her panties, and when home we fucked with her fully dressed in her wet clothes. We since repeated this kind of public wetting "accident" a few times. Once in a movie lobby, once in a mall, and two times just on the street. Carolyn once surprised me by soaking herself while waiting in a long toilet line at an amusement park, turning the heads of the other women as she peed torrents through her jean cut-offs. She said she purposefully did it and thought of Judy all the while.

Carolyn also said she wet herself in public a number of times when she was alone or with a girlfriend: once at a gas station (but she didn't soak herself completely); once in a motel parking lot after the counter person refused to let her use the toilet and she totally soaked her jeans ; once or twice on her summer job as a tomato inspector (for real); a couple of times with girlfriends in her car. 
