A desperate train journey

Author: Jo (1999-08-24 at 02:12) #41136

This particular story must be one of the most embarrassing journeys of my life!

One particular weekend, I’d arranged to go and stay with my friend Naomi, we were going out to a club on the Saturday night — there are fantastic clubs in Birmingham!

I wanted something new to wear, so earlier that week I had bought some new trousers. I’d seen them in a shop a day or two previously, and couldn’t wait to try them on. They were stretch hipster trousers, fairly short leg, a light purple colour, and made of a gorgeous soft material that you couldn’t help feeling!

The size was smaller than I sometimes take, but I tried them on — and wow — they felt fantastic, clinging to every curve of my bum and thighs — very tight, and I felt very sexy! I remember looking in the mirror and I could see quite clearly the outline of my pants!

Needless to say, I just had to buy them!

On the Saturday morning that I was going to Birmingham, I excitedly got dressed. I remember it was a really warm day, so I didn’t need to wear too much. I pulled on a pair of little white cotton knickers, a skimpy bra (I didn’t dare go bra-less!), a short T-shirt, and my new hipsters — they felt fantastic — so snug-fitting! There was quite an area of bare flesh between my trousers and top.

I gathered one or two personal bits together in my shoulder bag, looked at the clock and saw there was quite a time yet before my train. As I waited, I sat drinking coffee, and wondering what the weekend would be like. I remember beginning to feel a need to go to the loo — coffee seems to go straight through me!

Suddenly, to my horror, I noticed the clock had stopped! I looked at the clock in another room, and realised that I would have to dash that very instant, and run at that, or I’d miss the train. Grabbing my shoulder bag, I dashed out of the house, and ran down the road. I did athletics at school, by the way, so I can run pretty fast!

I reached the station just as the train was pulling into the platform, it was quite an old diesel unit, not the usual “Sprinter”, by the way. A bit out of breath, I opened the door and jumped in. The train was fairly full, and I sat opposite this guy who smiled at me — not bad, I thought, but I began to think about the weekend ahead.

I was lucky to notice in time that the clock had stopped, I thought. But another thought came to me insistently. In the rush, there had been no time to go to the loo — and I’d drunk at least three mugs of coffee! I was bursting to go, by the moment becoming more and more in URGENT need of a wee!

Now Jo, I told myself, no problem — there are always loos on these trains (I‘d used them before). So up I got, and walked through the four carriages of the train — but, nowhere to be seen was a loo!

Jo, I told myself, this is serious, girl! The effect of those three mugs of coffee was beginning to really take its toll. My bladder felt as if it was going to explode! I fidgeted and squeezed my legs together. I briefly held myself when I thought no-one was looking. I was not going to be able to last out for very long!

At that point the ticket collector came along.

“Please can you tell me where the toilets are on this train?” I politely asked.

“I’m sorry, miss, there are no toilets on this train. The usual train has broken down, and this is a replacement.” he explained.

“But I’m desperate” I found myself exclaiming. “I’ll wet myself if I don’t go — I’ll …” I stopped myself quickly. Sometimes I do find myself coming out with more than I intend to say!

“I’m sorry, miss” repeatedly the ticket collector in a kind voice, as he walked on.

The seriousness of the situation began to dawn upon me with horror.

But there are loads of folk around … But I’m wearing my new trousers for the first time … I SIMPLY CAN’T WET MYSELF!

I made my way back to my seat, figuring it might be better if I sat down. As I walked, I remember thinking I was going to lose it any second. But I can’t just do it in front of all these people!

I managed to painfully hobble back to me seat. Another smile from the guy opposite! In other circumstances I might have been happy to chat with him, but for now my mind was on other things — I NEEDED A WEE WITH EXTREME URGENCY!

I placed my bag on my lap to offer some protection and began to hold myself, I could just about manage it behind my bag without it being too obvious. It felt SO good to hold myself, the material of my new trousers felt so soft …

Waves of desperation came over me, each wave stronger than the previous one. I can’t make it too obvious, I thought.

I knew it was only seconds before the inevitable. I was going to wet my new trousers, the first time I’d worn them, and I feared it was going to be “BIG TIME”!

Second later came a spurt of warm wee. I opened my legs very slightly, and under cover of my bag, looked down at my crotch. Almost instantaneously, a round dark wet patch appeared, probably about 2 inches across.

It shows really badly, its very dark — OH NO, I thought. It’s going to be so obvious …

Another spurt came. The dark wet patch became bigger. Then another spurt, and another, and another. I so much wanted just to let it all go, but I couldn’t, not here!

For an instant, I remembered other times I’d wet myself, but none seemed as bad as this!

More spurts! I could feel my bum was beginning to get wet. I looked down again, and could see dampness beginning to spread down the insides of my legs. The dampness in this material was VERY dark.

I was SO tempted to let myself go totally, and just do it all — but something held me back.

Yet more spurts followed. I kept feeling myself — absolutely soaking!. Strangely, it felt good to hold myself as I kept wetting myself.

And so it was for the rest of the journey — I just kept doing little spurts in my pants, all the way to Birmingham. By now I was thoroughly soaked! The guy opposite me kept giving me little smiles — I’ve no idea whether he knew what was happening. Certainly he didn’t let on at all!

The problem was going to be when I got to Birmingham New Street Station. I decided to let the other folk off the train first, then I got up (leaving a wet seat behind) and walked as if nothing was wrong!

I did get some very strange looks, I heard two lads say to each other “Look at that sexy chick, she’s wet herself” (The sexy bit was some consolation…!)

As arranged, Naomi was there to meet me. Her mouth dropped as she saw me.

“Jo, you’re totally pissed. What happened?” gasped Naomi.

I burst into tears, and Naomi put her arm round my shoulder.

“Don’t worry”, she said. “It happens to me too. Actually it happened to me on the bus last week. I peed in my black leggings, and I had a round wet patch on my bum”

I began to feel better already! Naomi was a great friend, and we’d been through lots together.

And the Saturday night was great! I met this really cool guy — he looked rather like the guy on the train!

Best Wishes

Jo
