Desperate wife

Author: anon (1998-04-23 at 04:51) W#12598

I thought you might enjoy this. My wife is not into this stuff. But today well…

We spent the day looking to buy a house. Driven around all over the place by the real estate salesman. Then back to the office for the hard sell. We did not want to buy so the hard sell went on and on. Finally we just up an left. It was now 5pm and we had to be home soon because we had friends coming over for tea. I noticed my wife was quiet and I asked if she was OK. She replied that she had a headache and needed to go. Well any thought of getting home quickly suddenly evaporated as I hardened up. Maybe this was my chance.

Luckily the road was busy and the traffic was slow. Just before we entered the freeway my wife asked me to go into the petrol station so she could use the toilet. Luckily we were not in the kerb side lane and as the lights went green, the kerb side lane started moving but I could not break through (even though I did try).

This gave me an idea and when we exited the free way, I chose the right hand lane (towards the middle of the road for you Americans) to minimise the possibility of pulling into a service station or Macdonald’s. Lucky I did because she saw a few but each time there was a truck or car and I could not change left.

She was getting annoyed and beginning to sulk and making sarcastic remarks about me being the husband and in charge. I was hard hard hard but she did not know. She is not into anything other than straight sex. (boring! in that regard but I still love her)

The traffic stopped and started. She was silent. I felt bad since she had a headache but maybe…

At one stage when we were stopped in the traffic outside a petrol station she said that she was going to get out and go. Luckily at that moment the lane to our left started to move and she was tooted at and jumped back in the car. By this time she realised that I was enjoying her discomfort and was mad and silent. I did not think that I should suggest that we stop at the 7-11 to buy milk which she had said we needed.

So we continued home. she had her legs hard together and had loosened the seat belt so it did not pull across her lap. her lips were pursed. She was not talking.

I pulled into the drive way and she got out. I offered her the keys and she took them. Our front door is at the top of a set of stairs. She got half way up and stopped. I was still in the car so I got out. She was just standing there sobbing. I could see the pee running down her leg from under her dress. I tried to give her a hug but she pushed me away and glared at me.

I think I have some work to do. maybe a bit of ironing or the washing may cheer her up a bit ?

Anyway I thought I would share this with you.

