The Princess and the Pee

By Jim Mica (1996’08) T#362

I work backstage with an amateur theater group specializing in Gilbert & Sullivan operettas.  This summer's offering was Princess Ida.  Ida runs a college for women and her idol is Minerva.  In the second act Ida sings a lovely paean to Minerva.  The director and set designer wanted her to have a statue to sing to, so we had one.

Our Minerva was vaguely Greek, 4ft something and had a pouring water jug on her hip.  She stood on a 3ft-something platform with a kid's wading pool --cleverly disguised as a marble pond-- on a lower platform in front of her.  She was to be a working fountain. 

Well, getting Minerva affixed to the platforms was no small feat.  She was one hefty chick.  It took four lag bolts to get her to hold still.  Next came the matter of the water.  The ribald crew quickly dubbed this the problem of "Making Minerva Pee"  --we soon learned just how apt the phrase was.  She was drilled to be a fountain, but we needed some extra tubing and a pump.

The first pumping effort ended in failure when the set designer learned that a pump rated to raise water two feet will not raise it four feet, even when the water is for a fountain in an imaginary castle.  As his "day job" the set designer uses CAD to design plumbing systems. 

We got a heftier pump.  It worked but brought new problems.  Minerva now produced sound.  Imagine someone with a truly prodigious bladder capacity relieving himself for an extended period of time.  This was the sound.  It never dribbled out and it could drown out half of the strings in the orchestra. 

Opening night Minerva's pond had an interesting added sculpture consisting of some wire, a stage weight and a brush.  The brush was situated, bristles up, on top of the weight and right under Minerva's stream.  This little pond monster cut down the volume some, but it didn't change the timber of the sound being produced.  We had to leave it at that because the curtain was due to go up soon. 

Act one of Ida runs only about 25 minutes.  It was followed by a 20 minute intermission because we had to move an entire castle, add water to the fountain and get it running.  Act two runs a bit over an hour.  The audience was subjected to the sound of Minerva for that entire hour.  When we closed the curtain on the act there was a stampede for the bathrooms.  Our professional ushers --they came with the theater-- tried to stem the tide by blocking the side exits and telling everybody to stay near their seats because this was to be a very brief intermission.  There were, thankfully, no injuries or accidents. 

The Minerva Effect continued throughout the run of the play and even hit the cast and crew.  I well recall a nervous chorus girl standing in the wings hopping from foot to foot during the second performance.  During the third performance one of the assistant stage managers called me to her station, ripped off her headset and, shaking with emotion, cried "I've got to go!"  During the last performance, just before the second act curtain, I did a quick backstage sweep.  I came upon one of the principals in the cast behind the furthest upstage flat doing "the pee-pee dance".  Since this is Gilbert and Sullivan, however, it might be better to describe it as a micturation minuet.  At any rate, she looked at me with pleading eyes and said, "Oh that statue!" 

