Toilet taxi (Part 2)

Copyright 2018 Kaylee Kennicott

One month later, I had rebranded: with incredible results.

After I outfitted my car so that the whole backseat was covered with peepillow ™ material, painted a logo on the side door, and quit my job as an OOBURR driver, I was ready. I had turned independent.

My rates were reasonable, and consistent. I exclusively ferried drunk people from place to place downtown, never taking jobs outside a certain radius. And by week 2, people were starting to recognize my car.

“There is it!” I heard some girls shriek from the sidewalk when I pulled up to a bar. “Oh my god, grab it before someone else does!”

The door opened and a round face peered in. “Are you available?”

“Yes, indeed,” I said. “Where do you need to go?”

“The 541,” she said. “Right next to the Paradiso?”

“You got it. $ 10 flat fare. Hop on in if you like the price.”

She beamed at me, swung the door wider, and beckoned her friends to join.

“I can’t believe we got it!” one girl said gleefully, settling into the backseat. “I’ve been wanting to try it so badly after Sal mentioned it last week.”

“I don’t know about this,” one girl said with trepidation. “I mean...how do we know it works?”

I cleared my throat. “Is your seat dry?” I asked her, politely, like a busboy might ask a customer if a table needs wiping down before they sit.

“Mmm, yes.”

“That’s good. The girl who was sitting there five minutes ago — wow, I thought I might have to circle the block so she could finish, she was pissing so long.”

She gasped, and jumped up a little - but in feeling around the seat with her hand, couldn’t identify anything wet or uncomfortable, so settled nervously back down.

“I’m telling you, this works,” one of the young women said fervently. “A bunch of the girls at the club were raving about it.”

“I don’t care if you do it or not,” said the gleeful girl. “But I am making use of it right now.”

I heard the rustle of clothing and the creaking sounds of movement in the backseat before the characteristic noise of rushing fluid, and sighed relief.

“Holy shit,” said the fervent one. “Wow, look at that. It’s soaking right in. I can’t even see the puddle anymore.”

“What a thrill,” said the gleeful one. “I’m like, pissing in a moving vehicle, and looking out the window at all the people on the sidewalk, and

none of them know what I’m doing right now. It’s kinda...hot.”

“I don’t know about that, but I do really have to go,” said the fervent one, and judging from the sounds, she started to shed her own clothing.

“I think I’ll just wait until we get there,” said the trepidatious one.

“You sure? You know that bathrooms at that place are filthy. At least you know this car is clean! Look at it!”

“Thank you,” I said, a little pleased.

“No, seriously, it’s very well-maintained!” said the fervent girl. “I’m amazed -1 don’t smell anything. I feel like I’m in a spa or something.”

“Yeah, and some woman is massaging my feet, about to paint my toenails. That’s the only thing that would make this better,” said the gleeful one.

“Hey, that’s a pretty good business idea, too,” I said, musing out loud. “Upholster chairs in this material for a whole spa experience where you never have to leave your seat or muss up your nail polish trying to get clothing out of the way...”

“You’re a genius,” the fervent one said seriously. “You should start that business. We’d all go. Well, maybe not Marcy here.”

“Okay, you guys convinced me!” exclaimed Marcy, the trepidatious one. “I’ll try it. Happy? Goodness gracious.”

She peeled off her own clothing. Marcy was seated in the perfect spot for me to catch small glimpses of the action in the rearview mirror: her vibrantly-red pubic hair, her pale thighs, the way her legs and ass smushed into the seat when she lowered herself down gingerly.

“Here goes!" she said — we were stopped at a light and I fixed my eyes on the rearview mirror — and she started to pee. It caught the light from the street, dancing and flashing before sinking deep into the cushion below.

“Mmm,” was the only noise she made, but it was enough.

“You minx, look at that,” said the gleeful one. “You really had to go. You’re still going. We’re nearly at the 541, so I hope you finish up soon. You should have pissed with us when we did it earlier.”

The fervent one leaned forward over the center console. “Thank you for your time, and for all the trouble you go to to maintain this fabulous service,” she said. She stuck a bill in my tip jar — looked like a big number, too.

“I’m happy to provide relief and satisfaction to you lovely ladies,” I said honestly. I had one eye on the stoplight and one on Marcy in the rearview mirror, whose face had gone slack with pleasure as she peed all over her seat.

She was still pissing when the light turned green.

###

Kaylee is 27 years old and writes erotica. You can follow her blog at kayleekennicott.tumblr.com
