Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 05
	Pool party with the boys and the super seniors.
Author: sin138

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

Apologies for the lateness of this chapter, and I thank you for your patience. The next one may take some time too. I have created a separate series to help pass the time as I complete the next chapters for Deepika's second year. I hope you will enjoy this as much, even if it is a little bit more dark.

*****

The last 2 weeks after the theatre moment was torture. Deepika has realized the forced sex and humiliation was not the worst thing, it was unable to not achieve orgasm at all. Anuj and Hridhya told her that to make sure she studies, she must where the chastity belt at all times. One the one hand, she could at least where any clothes she wanted, as they kept the closet unlocked. On the other hand, her untouched pussy felt like some unsatisfied itch, craving to be scratched. She dreaded the showers however.

Twice a day, Anuj would undress Deepika, to bathe her. These are the only times she could perform her bathroom duties. For the shower, he will scrub her clean. He would pay special attention to her nether region, as she moans loudly from the touch. However instead of releasing her sexual tension, he would leave her on edge, and immediately lock the belt, leaving her aroused, but never satisfied. Eventually her arousal will come down, but the second shower did not help. Anuj kept telling her that she will be rewarded well when she passes. Deepika's instincts tell otherwise.

Deepika passes the supplies

Deepika is asleep. She is having a most unusual dream. She is wearing several layers of coats, in the middle of the desert, chasing what appears to be food. She gets closer to reveal a flying Kit Kat chunky bar. Everytime she tries to grab it, it slips out of her grasp. Finally she grabs it with her mouth, but it slips out. She grabs it again, and with success.

However the bar keeps moving in and out of her mouth. The chocolate bar also seems to taste more fleshy than sweet. Instead of chewing, she sucks on it. Two more chocolate bars enter her hand, also feeling fleshy. To make sure they don't escape, she squeezes hard on to the bars. Finally she can taste the cream filling inside the bar. But wait, she thought. Kit Kats do not have cream filling. She finally wakes up to see Anuj, Rupesh, and Abhishek surrounding her chastity belt clad body, as Anuj cums in her mouth.

"You finally woke up," Rupesh laughs. "Good news! You passed!"

"MMMPHH?"

"Don't talk with your mouth full, whore," Abhishek scolds the teen.

"DEEEAAR GOOOD!!" Anuj moans. "I didn't cum for 2 weeks!"

"Sweet!" Rupesh excitedly replies. "My turn!"

"Why jizz now, when we can do it on the trip," Anuj asks, stopping the local from continuing.

"But my dick's hard!" He yells.

"Dude he's right," Abhishek points out. "I'll get the car, you guys come soon."

"Where's Hridhya?" Deepika sleepily asks.

"In class," Anuj says dismissively. "Where else would she be? Go brush your teeth, and whatever else you need to do. When you're done, call out. "

"My belt?"

Anuj unlocks it, and shoves her to the bathroom. Both Rupesh and Anuj chuckle hearing Deepika moan loudly through the bathroom door. He then turns to Rupesh and takes him to the living room.

"Hey dude I gotta ask?"

"What's up?"

"Abhishek, I know is a bitch, but how about?" he asks. "Are you cool everything?"

"If you're talking about fucking that slut senseless, then of I am," Rupesh boasts.

"I figured," Anuj snickers. "I mean do you care for Deepika at all? Enough to care if some shit happens to her?"

"What do you mean," he asks, with his turning to a frown.

"Nothing extreme, bro," Anuj exclaims. "I'm just talking about something like this. Say you want your dick sucked, but one of her practical exams are going to happen, so you make her skip it so she can suck it?"

Rupesh thought about it for a while, much to Anuj's delight. The fact he's considering it seems promising.

"Dude, I don't wanna ruin someone's medical career," Rupesh replies. "You gotta have a really good reason to do shit like that."

"If I tell you, will you tell the others?"

"I'll judge you, but I won't rat you out."

Anuj then explains everything about, how his father is actually paying for Deepika's tuition and apartment, and in return, she must do what he wants her to. When asked, he shows Rupesh the rules and guidelines they have written.

"So let me get this straight," Rupesh says, with a raised eyebrow. "She's staying here now with everything paid for by your dad, so you and Hridhya can have a little fun?"

"Yeah," Anuj replied.

"Wow, I was wrong about her," Rupesh states. "She's not a slut, she's a whore. It doesn't matter what I think. You can do whatever the fuck you want."

"So you're cool with it?" Anuj asks.

"It's not rape if you're paying for it," Rupesh grins. "If I am not cool with what you do, I'll just leave. It's not my business."

"Rupesh," Anuj asks smiling. "Would you like to clean Deepika?"

Rupesh nods, and walks towards the bathroom door. He enters and leans over Deepika's ears. He whispers, "I know everything, whore."

He gives the poor NRI a thorough wash. As instructed by Anuj, he takes care not to give Deepika an orgasm. After drying her, he takes her out to the bedroom, where Anuj leaves her clothes out for the day. She has a feeling she will be skipping her first day in second year judging by the attire.

It consists of only a sheer white t-shirt, a pair of pink panties, some long cotton socks, and a pair of sneakers. She wants to point out the guideline about how others might judge them for wearing such attire, but she feels it will not matter for them.

Anuj and Rupesh watche as she quickly puts on the skimpy clothes. The clothes became wet to the touch of her just washed body. The shirt clings to her body, with her nipples prominent through the thin fabric. The panties also got wet to the touch. Rupesh dries her legs and feets so as to put on the socks. They rolled up to her knees, and her black sneakers fit snugly on.

"Wow you look hot Deepka," Rupesh yells, and whistles. This made Deepka smile a bit.

"This is the look of a whore that only eats dick for lunch," he laughs. Her smile drops instantly

They then escort her to the car with just her nokia phone, but not before leaving her laptop at Hridhya's apartment. They then go into Abhishek's car where Abhishek simply stares at what she's wearing.

"Can she go around like that?"

"We're not gonna be in the city," Anuj explains. "It doesn't matter what she wears."

They then take off.

"Hey guys," Anuj says. "I called a few super seniors. They are coming too."

"Who?" Deepika asks.

"The ones who took you pussy virginity," Anuj grins.

Deepika starts to panic. She remembers the three seniors too well. They are the reason Hridhya started attacking in the first place. They seem to have had no problem with showing her off.

"Is that a good idea?" Abhishek asks.

"They finally passed final year," Anuj replies. "They want to celebrate."

"They finally did?? How long were they in this college."

"One of them was from the '90 batch, so yeah."

"Still, they sent the video to our seniors," Abhishek pointed out. "What if they do the same thing?"

"Let Deepika decide that," Anuj then turned to the half naked teen.

These three men were hideous. They were all balding, and fat. One is pretty much obese. Their eyes are blood shot red. She may have fucked a lot of unhygienic people, but their breaths were the only ones she can remember being horrifying. None of them clearly cared about her when they fucked her in the toilet back in the first year's show. They never bother speaking English, despite knowing how to. The beach moment was not fun either. She may have cummed multiple times, but they kept reminding her how she does not matter to them. She is nothing but an object to toy with. However she also knows what Anuj wanted her to say. It is not enough to just say yes. She should want them to come. She opens her mouth.

"Let them come," she swallowed. "I had a lot of fun last time with them."

"Whatever you want, randi," Abhishek says under his breath.

After a two hour drive, they finally reach to what looks like some forest, with a muddy parking lot. They turn to a loud honk coming from a speeding jeep. As soon as it parks, the people come out. The super seniors have arrived.

"Hello pretty," the tall one grins.

Deepika freezes as the much older men leer at her half naked body.

"Aren't you gonna congratulate us?" the fat one sneers. "We passed our finals."

"C-c-congratulations," Deepika stutters. She does not know why. Despite what she went through, these men scare her the most.

The others ignore her worry as they tell her they are going on a hike to a falls. She is to walk with the super seniors to give them company. The obese senior walks up to the girl and starts shoving her tongue in her mouth. She nearly gags at the taste of his mouth. When was the last time he even washed his mouth?

After a half hour walk, with the seniors constantly groping they finally reached to their destination. Rather than a majestic falls she expected, it was an old brick pool of water.

"That's it??" Rupesh asks, disappointingly. "I thought we were going to something like jog falls. There is no fucking falls."

"Sir is the one who suggested it," Anuj replied. "You can talk to him if you don't like the place."

One look at the thuggish looking senior, made Rupesh remain silent. He instead decided to turn to Deepika. From all that walking, the t-shirt and the cotton panties are completely soaked, to the point he can see her nipples through the sheer material. He just wants to pound her with his cock at the site.

"We can't have her watching us change!" one of the super seniors yelled. "Take her somewhere else."

"Are you serious?" Deepika asks flabbergasted. "I know what all your dicks look like!"

"We are not as shameless as you to prance around naked," the short senior growls. "Anuj take her somewhere where she can't perve on us."

Anuj drags the confused teen behind an abandoned hut.

"You have been a disobedient cunt," he hisses. "Not once have you called anyone of us sirs. We are kind enough to give you something to wear, yet you still complain. I do not wanna hear one word from you, unless it's the need to play with yourself or us. Understand?"

Deepika remains silent. She wants to burst out angrily about how she was made to humiliate herself in front of people thanks to him and Hridhya, but she knows it is stupid to do it in the middle of nowhere with no one willing to be at her side.

"Good," Anuj smiles. He then takes out a bottle from his bag, and opens it. He then shoves it in her mouth and makes her swallow it. She knows not to question what it is, despite her concern for what he is giving her.

"Today is the official first day of your slut curriculum," Anuj tells her. "That means from now on, I will not take a no for an answer. Rupesh knows about it, and you will tell the seniors once Abhishek is passed out."

"How long will that take, sir?" She asks, shivering at the word. It may have been fun last year, but this time it feels wrong.

"That's up to you," he sneers, presenting a tablet. "This is rufalyn. Slip it in his beer and he will pass out soon. Only you can get close enough to put it in him."

"Choot, we are in the pool," one of the seniors yells. "Bring the bitch here so you can change!"

"They are waiting for you, slut," Anuj grins. "I may be in charge, but unless I say so, you must follow what the seniors want, no matter what."

She then walks nervously towards the pool, in her hand, she clutches on to the tablet given by Anuj. She notices their clothes including the boxers hanging on the tree. The rest of the guys are in their swimming trunks. The seniors however are wearing briefs, except for the skinny one whose genitals are covered by extremely thick bush.

"Take of your clothes!" Rupesh yells.

"Don't I need some privacy?"

"You're not changing cunt," the tall senior laughs. "Sluts don't need privacy."

After some time, she finally pulls off her t-shirt. Before she could place it with the other clothes, she is then ordered to stop.

"Throw it to me," the obese senior demands. "I need something to scrub me clean."

Obediantly she throws her shirt to him, as he proceeds to soak it in the brown water, and start scrubbing his armpits, covered in thick hair. She then starts pulling her panties down. She is stopped midway by the short senior, leaving it just around her mid thighs.

"I can't be here indecent," he explains. "I need your thong. I'll remove it and you'll put it on me."

Deepika stood as the short senior excitedly pulls down her only bit of decency. He then puts each foot in each hole, and instructs her to pull it up. She struggles pulling up his chubby legs, but she finally manages to pull it all the up to his waste. He leans towards her ears and whispers, "You look pretty when you're scared."

Soon everyone jumps in to the pool. Anuj comes out wearing a speedo, and he throws Deepika into the muddy water. Keeping her hands tight, she still has the pill in her hand. Soon everyone opens their bottles. It will be too obvious if she just pops the pill in his mouth. So she waits. While everyone is given kingfisher, she was given a coke bottle filled with a yellow liquid and what smells like vodka. The boys cheers and drink their beers.

Before Abhishek could swallow, Deepika swims to him and gives him a long kiss. She secretely stuffed the pill in her mouth while everyone cheered, and transfers it into Abhishek's. She then takes a giant swig at her interesting cocktail only to realize what it actually is.

"Looks like Deepika is enjoying my piss," Anuj laughs. "Hope she's not a bitch and spits it out."

"It wasn't the first time she drank it," Abhishek snickers.

She was then grabbed by Rupesh who started mauling at her breasts. Her nipples used to be a bit sensitive to other peoples touch, but somehow the sensation seems to be increased in intensity.

"I managed to convince the coolie to not throw away the urine bags, while I was in the hospital," he explains. "He really enjoyed the pictures of you Deepika. So I hope you're enjoying my post op piss then. It'd be rude if you waste it."

She kept drinking the bottle during the party. She kept being passed around from each guy as they paid extra attention to her sensitive parts. After 2 weeks of abstinence, she embraced the touch from these men. Everyone stuffed their fingers in her, as she moans loudly. She does not care if they are seeing her as sex meat. She at least can get off finally.

She was floating on the water with Abhishek holding her by clasping on her breasts, until he slowly starts to descend into the water. Anuj and Rupesh bring him up and out of the water.

"Can't believe he passed out with just one drink," Rupesh laughs.

"I know," Anuj smirks, knowing the truth. "But that means we can officially start on Deepika's studies."

He turns to Deepika and orders her to get out of the pool. She pushes herself out, with the help of Rupesh pushing her against her tight butt cheeks. She sits on the ledge with her legs spread wide.

"Now that Abhishek is asleep, Deepiksa would like to tell us her new program she must complete along with MBBS," Anuj announces. "Tell us Deepika, what it is."

"Umm, well, I am also studying to get a certificate to become an NRI slut-"

"Don't you mean whore?" Rupesh bellows, interrupting her flow.

Her face turns red, as all the men laugh hysterically at the comment.

"What do you say to Rupesh for calling you a whore?" Anuj asks, grinning.

"Thank you," she mumbles.

"What?"

"Thank you Rupesh sir," she says much more loudly. "For even recognizing that I exist."

"Tell us one of the guidelines involving such compliements, and speak up so we can hear."

Trembling she regurgitates part of the phrase.

"Anything given to me should be treated as a gift. If it is a statement about me, I will thank them for the compliment. As a slut I am not worthy for such gifts, as I am just an object and not a person."b

Everyone except Anuj drop their jaws in shock, as none of them cannot believe what they heard. Deepika sits motionless as she feels the stares on her body. Despite her apparent discomfort, not one person seems to care, and the one person who might, even with his apparent disgust, is drugged. She then goes on about the rules she must follow, and the guidelines she must adhere to. Her small audience is silent. She finally finishes.

"Bro,"the tall senior speaks Hindi."How did you get her to say that, and agree to this extra program as you claim?"

"Sir, my dad is the one paying for her college tuition and any other expenses," Anuj explains."As a second measure, we also took her passport and school documents in case she causes some trouble. Any objections from her, and we can kick her out of the college and apartment, and she won't be able to go back home with no money or if her passport is destroyed."

Rather than shout at their junior who clearly is forcing the NRI into a corner, and call the police, they are high fiving him for guaranteeing a method to fuck a girl.

"If she is taking classes on how to be a slut, does that mean she has exams and assignments?"

"Actually she has a yearlong project to make a sex tape with 7 different people, including Rupesh and Abhishek," Anuj replies in English. "We can finish two now, if Rupesh wants?"

"Hold on bro," Rupesh interjects. "I don't want my face on a video."

"Relax choot," Anuj tells. "As long I know that the person in the tape is you, your face does not have to show. I also have her phone so we can get started."

"Wait you had my phone??"

"It's not technicallyyour phone, slut," Anuj sneers. "We simply have given you access to it, with the plan legally under your name, but we are the ones paying your bills. Pull down Abhishek's pants and start kissing his cock. He's not awake, but I'm guessing he'll have no problem if we record his face. By the way, a slut smiles when a camera is on her, unless she is about to orgasm."

Anuj starts recording as she starts making out with the unconscious Abhishek. Anuj takes the cell phone for a close of the reluctant couple's faces. Nothing says closeness like a girl, pretending to be happy, while making out with an unconscious boy. Rupesh approaches the couple and starts stroking her snatch.

"This bitch should really remove her hair," he says, feeling the stubbles on his fingers. "A good slut is bald everywhere but her scalp."

