My Accident

By: Lucy J (date unknown) T#384

This is the first time I have ever told anybody about what I am about to say (besides the cut down version on Alori's Pooped Panties Forum), the fact that you don't know who I am makes it easier for me to tell you this. 

I will tell you a little bit about myself first but do not want to say too much as I don't want anybody to know who I am (just incase I know somebody who reads this). I am currently 30 and living with my boyfriend in a country in Europe, but I was born and raised in a different country in Europe. During my late teens and early twenties I did photographic and catwalk modelling to help me financially with my studies, nothing dirty, I am not like that. I am about 5 feet 8 inchis tall, a 32 C and size 10, and blonde, and that is all I am willing to tell you. Now to the good stuff.

I was never into pooping my panties until recently, since I was about 15 or 16 I have always enjoyed wetting myself. I only did this in private but the thought of wetting myself infront of other people who did not expect it really excited me, maybe it's the thought of humiliating myself. I fantasised about this many times when I would wet my panties in the bathroom or in bed until that day when I was 17.

I was quite rich when I was 17 as the modelling paid really well, so I was only friends with people older than myself as other people my age never had as much money as I did. Most of my friends were very rich, one had his own house in the country with horses and a stable, and it was here that the incident happened.

There was a group of about 16 of us in the house getting drunk on wine, and I had just a little too much to drink and was a little drunk, but still in control. We all then decided to go horse ridding and so made our way to the stables. Six of us were on horses and took them along a road towards a field, the rest followed on foot. I was riding my horse for about five minutes thinking whether or not I should wet myself. I don't know what made me think of this, maybe it was the wine, but I just had a strange feeling that really excited me. Everybody knew that I was drunk and I thought that if anybody said anything I would use that excuse. My heart was pounding, did I have the guts to do it? I looked around a few times, everybody was talking to each other, I thought maybe nobody would notice. I took one deep breath, my heart was beating really fast by now and let just a little pee out.

I felt the wet patch moving round to my bottom and decided not to stop. My heart was really pumping by now as the pee started to run down my legs and wet my bottom as I sat on the saddle. Then a man saw, he shouted out my name and every body turned and looked at me. I thought very quickly and decided to carry on and pretend to be very drunk. A few men friends then came over to help me I think, but by this time the pee was running down my jeans over my shoes and onto the road. I can't tell you how I felt, my fantasy had come true, I was wetting myself infront of other people and by this time everybody realised what I was doing. The thrill of pee filling my jeans, wetting my bottom, running down my legs, over my shoes and making a puddle on the ground and all being watched by unsuspecting people just excited me even more. I felt humiliated but I loved the feeling.

My friends decided that I was too drunk and one male friend said that he would take me back to the house and put me to bed. He walked me back to the house while I was on the horse and then helped me upstairs and into a room. He undressed me and put me to bed, all the time I was acting drunk to hide my real motives. It excited me that he was looking at me naked and I thought about wetting the bed before he put the sheets over me but I wasn't that brave.

My second public pee happened many years later, infact it was only about 2 and a half years ago, three weeks before I was going to immigrate. There were twelve of us and we all went to the cinema, we were all single except for two couples, I only knew two of the men, the rest I had just met. I can't remember what the film was, all I remember was drinking a lot because I wanted to fill myself up for later when I got home. 

After the film we all walked outside into the square together, it was early in the evening but the square had lots of lights and was very well lit. By this time I wanted to go to the toilet but didn't because I wanted to save it for a private moment at home later. We were walking in the square, which was full of people because it was such a warm evening. One man who was very funny was making us all laugh, too much for me. I had too stop and hold my legs together and try not to wet myself, everybody was looking at me because I was laughing so much. It wasn't like the first time when I wet myself on purpose, this time I couldn't hold it in because of the laughing. The pee started to make a small wet patch in my jeans that everybody could see.

I managed to stop the pee before it the patch got much bigger, but then thought for a second. I began to laugh again, acting this time, and wet myself again, this time on purpose. Everybody was watching me, even strangers in the square, this just excited me even more. I felt the pee wetting my jeans, making the lower part of my bottom damp, running down my legs, over my feet and making a puddle around me on the ground. It gave me such a thrill to be wetting myself infront of so many people, all of whom suspected nothing, to them it looked as if I was laughing so much I couldn't control myself. My heart was pounding but all I could feel was the pee running down my legs making a long dark line in my jeans. When I finished I wiped away the false laughing tears and one friend offered to take me back to my car because the others wanted to go and sit on the grass in the middle of the square. I said it was ok because it was a hot evening and my jeans would dry quickly, some of them looked at me in a funny way.

We all went over to the grass and sat down talking for about half an hour. By this time my jeans had practically dried out. I was sitting on a side with my hand on the ground, so you could slightly see the crotch of my jeans. I then felt the need to go again but this time I didn't hesitate I just started to pee like it was a normal thing to do. Just as I started somebody noticed the crotch of my jeans getting damp with pee. He asked what I was doing and all I said was "my jeans are already wet, I need to go, so what's the difference"? I then stood up with my legs apart, hands on my hips and continued to wet myself looking at this man with a "girl with attitude" look on my face. Nearly all of them were watching me standing there wetting myself, all saying nothing, some of the girls were disgusted and didn't look. 

My heart was beating so fast this time, I felt so dirty, I couldn't believe that I was talking to people one minute and then stood up and started to wet myself infront of them the next. The pee was running down my legs and round onto my bottom, I looked down and saw that it was also running from my crotch straight down onto the grass, making broken lines of golden pee. It felt so good, the feeling of the piss in my shoes, down my legs and making that splashing sound as it landed in the damp grass between my legs. When I finished I just sat down as if nothing had happened. I felt the urge to poop but I had never done this before and decided to hold it in. When I sat down every body was quiet, asked me if I was ok and then nothing more about it, a few of the girls however didn't speak to me for the rest of the evening.

A short time later we all made our way back to our cars by this time I needed to poop quite badly. Three men came with me and when we got back to my car I opened the car door and stood behind it to say goodbye to them. As we were talking, I the cramps hit really badly, I didn't want to think that I'd let myself poop on purpose so I relaxed my muscles a bit so that it seemed like an accident, if you get what I mean. I suppose I really did want to poop in my panties because its obvious that if I relaxed I'd poop. I then felt some soft poop come from between by bum checks and go into my panties. This was the first time I had ever done this and it felt great, which made me want to do more. As one man went to kiss me goodbye I started to let the poop come out again slowly into my panties. They were all talking to me unaware of what was filling up my panties.

As they walked away they turned around and said something, I just waved and let the rest of the poop out, it was so warm and soft. I then sat down in my car and the feeling of the poop squishing on my bottom and between my crotch was fantastic, it was coming out the side of my knickers and all over my bum checks. I moved backwards and forward a bit to feel the poop in my panties. When I got home I tried to poop some more but couldn't, I managed to wet myself again and finished off by masturbating, followed by a good shower and wash. I never pooped again after that as I had funny feelings about it, I was confused. One time at my friend's house was different.

Two weeks later some people from the cinema group and other people got together at my friends' flat. I was immigrating a week later so I brought my camera with me and she had got her video camera out. My friend has a lovely personality and is very beautiful, but she has no morals, will do anything with nearly any man and has a terrible reputation and very open about it. During the evening we all started to play a silly game of truth or dare and taking photos and videos of some of the dares, none of them were sexual or anything like that.

When I got up to go to the toilet (I needed to do a poop) the man from the cinema trip dared me to wet myself. I was really embarrassed and said no so he told everybody what happened before. All the men started to cheer and one stood infront of the toilet door to stop me going in, so my friend whose flat it was (who was a little drunk) said she would do it with me, and I don't know why but I agreed. I was wearing a black mini skirt with white knickers and black stockings and she was wearing white leggings.

We both stood up, I pulled up my skirt a little and then we both turned around with our legs apart and our hands on a low banister (it wasn't for stairs it separated the entrance and lounge) said go but none of us peed. One of the men then got my friend's video camera and started to film us and another man picked up my camera (no one can see them, so don't ask). I couldn't believe what I was about to do, I never thought I would have the guts to do something like this, I was intending to wet myself infront of people as a dare. Many false starts and lots of men cheering later, I said I would count to three again and we both promised to pee together. I counted to three and I don't know why, but I began to pee and wet my panties.

I looked across and saw that my friend had not started so I stopped. As the men began to boo and some of the girls looked at me shocked, my friend started to wet herself so I started to pee again. We both stood side by side wetting ourselves and laughing, making two wet puddles on the floor, while everybody was watching us. You could not see the patch in her white leggings but my white knickers went totally transparent from the pee. Most of the pee went straight on the floor but some ran down my stockings and into my shoes as I moved about. It felt so good and exciting and really dirty that I was wetting myself infront of everyone as a dare and how shocked everyone was because they were not swingers, they were all very conservative. 

When I finished I took off my skirt, as I didn't want to get it wet and then sat on the floor with no skirt just my totally see through wet knickers and stockings. Yes, everybody could see my pussy and bottom through my wet knickers and because of this the man kept filming me. Some girls started to say things but the men just ignored them. One man was joking and told my friend to poop herself but she just joked back. I looked at her, then quickly stood up, turned away from everybody, bent over and began to poop in my wet panties, letting it out slowly (I was still being filmed and photographed). Everybody was so surprised and stayed quite for a second or two. I felt the warm poop filling my knickers and heard cheers from the men as they were watching me poop in my panties. I never realised but they could see everything because my wet panties were so transparent.

So much warm and soft poop came out and I was wearing high cut panties so a little started coming out the side and down in to the crotch of my panties. Some of the girls then stood up and made a big fuss saying that the party was getting out of hand and one called me names. I then called her a name and pulled down the front of my panties at her, which was not a good idea because the rest of the girls got really angry and aggressive. Because of this the men took the girls home quickly leaving me standing there with no skirt on, see through knickers and stockings, soaked with pee and full of poop and my friend in her wet leggings. We laughed, looked at each, picked up the cameras and decided to take some silly posing videos and photos of each other before we washed (no one can see them, so don't ask). 

I was upset because this was just one week before I was going to immigrate and I wanted some wild sex like an orgy as most of the men were quite nice looking and I was still single (1 year by now). I have a very good reputation and have never done anything like that before, I have only made love with 4 men in my life, but as I was leaving and a reputation couldn't follow me, I thought I would try it. It's difficult to say how I felt as the feeling this time was different. I was excited that everybody was watching me poop in my panties and nobody expected this but really embarrassed as well. I can't believe that I just stood up wet my panties and then pooped in them infront of everybody and did it so that they could see everything.

When I looked at the video and photos, I could see the poop through my transparent knickers coming out of my bottom and messing my panties. I still watch the video sometimes when I masturbate (no one can see it, so do not ask), the thought of the situation still really excites me. Can you imagine if you went to a friends place just for a normal goodbye party and one girls just got up and wet herself and then pooped her panties on purpose so that everybody could see and for no good reason. A lot of the men that night got very excited with what I did, I could see that, that's probably why the other girls got so upset. What I did though wasn't in vain as it got me quite a bit sex for that following week.

I have a boyfriend now and live with him, he doesn't know the real stories (the video is hidden so no one can find it). I have told him about the panty wetting but lied and said that they were accidents to see what he says. I sometimes ask him to cum between my bum cheeks and then move his dick between the cheeks, because it feels similar to poop. I am scarred that if I tell him the truth he would think that I'm a pervert or something. I haven't pooped my panties since my friend's flat but would like to try it again.

I can't give you my internet address as I don't want anybody to know who I am and the internet address that this was sent from was my work so if anything is sent to me somebody might read it. If you are thinking that someone who saw one of these incidents reads this and would be able to identify me, everyone present doesn't speak good enough English to understand this, so I'm safe. 
