Deepika's College Life Ch. 01-02
	Deepika gets used to life in India and gets used in India.
Author: sin138

Chapter 1 - First time India

Deepika is an NRI (non-resident Indian) from Colorado. It is her first day in Lengavi Medical College (LMC) in India. After having photos of her naked leaked out, her mother felt it was best to study in India. Lengavi, Karnataka is considered, by many, a college town. She knows why her mother sent her to this, but she was not sure she will fit in. She does not speak Hindi, or Kannada. She is so out of touch of her heritage, she does not even what her own language is. Thankfully the pictures were miraculously removed, so it did not become viral.

Most of the first years there were just getting used to a different environment. Their hostels are separate from the seniors, to avoid getting ragged. Deepika unpacks her stuff, and sorts everything out. She wished her mother was there, but she had an important business meeting, as usual.

Knock. Knock

Deepika opens the door to a family greeting her.

"Hello, my name is Priya," the girl introduces herself. "You must be my roommate."

"Yes, hello," Deepika answered back. "My name is Deepika"

"Interesting accent you have. Is it American?" Priya's mother enquired.

"Yes, I am from Colorado," Deepika replied. "Do you need any help to unpack?"

"Oh it's ok-"

"No, I insist," Deepika offered, as she helped with the luggage"

After the family left, the 2 girls went down to the mess to meet with the other girls. Alcohol was not permitted, and none of the girls had any interest in it. Many talked to Deepika, mostly because of her accent, but they were all really friendly. Some assumed she was a spoiled brat, due to her background and inability to speak any Indian language, but many liked her. After a long time, she finally had friends who were girls.

Initially, the boys and girls did not mingle that much. As the weeks went by however, both sides felt comfortable talking to one another. People made friends, hung out after classes, and even a few couples emerged. There was however one group that nobody wanted to mingle with. This comprised of Zakir, Anuj, Amhit, Abhishek, and Rupesh.

These boys were rude and disruptive in class. They will shout obscenities at the girls, and pick fight with the other guys for insignificant reasons. Anuj once said hi to Deepika within a few inches from her. Smelling the alcohol from his breath, she walked away from him, but not before his squeezing her ass. She knew to stay away from the gang. After what happened in Colorado, she knew better than to trust guys like them.

One day Deepika and Priya were walking back to the hostel from class, and Priya mentioned a rumour.

"Ahmed told me these guys watch," she watched around to make sure no one was watching. "Porn," she whispered.

"That doesn't sound too bad," Deepika laughed. "Not to be a jerk, but I'm sure your boyfriend does too."

"No he doesn't," Priya replied, seemingly annoyed. "I mean together. They group over a laptop to watch videos together."

"Ok that sounds a little gay," Deepika chuckled. "I don't see anyone doing that-"

"Hey it's Miss America!" Zakir greeted interruptedly.

"What do you want?" Deepika grudgingly asked.

"Nothing, just want to talk to you," he smiled, creepily.

"Why would she want to talk to you?" Priya asked.

"You get the fuck out you bitch!" he retorted. "I just happen to have a friend who knows her from her place. In fact he told me she's pretty famous there."

This caught Deepika's attention. Surely he does not know about the photos

"Um... Priya?" she turned to Priya. "Go ahead. I'll meet you back in the hostel."

"Are you sure, you wanna-"

"Come on yaar," Zakir interrupted Priya. "You heard her. Get the fuck out!"

Priya walks back to the hostel, feeling concerned.

Looking around, Deepika takes Zakir to a corner so they cannot be seen. Zakir squeezes one of her breasts, and she slaps his hand

"What do you want?" she hissed.

"Hey I wouldn't use that tone on me after what I have on you," he said. "It is true that Indians from the west are sluts."

Horrified, she stammered, "What do are you talking about?"

"I was roaming online for some shag material, and I came across a photo that had your face. Of course it could be someone else's naked with your face, but who would believe that?" he smirked, while slipping his hand under her kurti.

Deepika stared in disbelief. She thought all the pictures were removed. After having a fresh start, this picture could ruin everything.

"What do you want?" she asked dejected.

Happy that he got her he explained, "You have been invited to Anuj's 26th Birthday-"

"26th?" She interrupted.

"It's not easy getting into medical college," Zakir said quickly. He slipped his hand under her pants reaching for the vagina. To avoid making a scene, she reluctantly allows him.

"Now he really likes you. We all do. I'm sure you will behave. It would be a shame if those pictures somehow leak out, right?"

Deepika did not like where this is going, but she had no choice.

"I have to be in the hostel by 9:30pm," she said, as a last bit of effort to get out of this conundrum. However it did not sound convincing as she was getting horny from his hand in her pants.

"We'll get you here before your curfew," he answered. "All you gotta do is not be a bitch. Just behave as you are now."

"Fine," she swallowed, suppressing her scream, from the pending orgasm.

"Great see you next week," he happily replied, as he removed his hand. "I'll pick you up from the gym."

"How do you know where I work out?" she asked, while on the edge of orgasming.

"Does it matter?" he laughed. "It's either there or in front of the hostel."

She admits it is much more discrete to be picked up where no one would recognize her, and agrees. Suddenly she's not sure what to do. Worst she doesn't know how to explain this to Priya. As soon as he walked away, she ran to the nearest public bathroom, to rub her ciit, until she can obtain orgasm.

Meanwhile Zakir was laughing at how he got away with this stunt, since he did not have any photos of her, except for some bikini pictures from facebook. However based on how she reacted, she must have done something fucked up. He did not care, because with this party he'll make sure she will be their personal toy until graduation.

Chapter 2 - The Party

Deepika was working at the Lalwaller's gym, when she got a text.

Its zakir

Im downstairs

cum down lol

She rolled her eyes at the bad joke.

Im nearly dun

Just gotta take a shower

Zakir texted back:

Not enuf time

trust me u don't hve to worry about ur essence

im sure priya wont mind a pic i send her

Deepika panicked:

Ok, i wont take shower

I just have one more set

can i finish that atleast

He replied

Ok

don't bother changing then

She was confused with why he wanted her to wear sweat pants and a loose t-shirt to the party, but she was not going to complain.

Zakir was waiting for her on his pulsar bike. She sat behind him as he drove her to Shetty Bar. Deepika was disgusted at the state of this place.

This place looked more like a shack than a restaurant, let alone a bar. It was darkly lit, playing depressing Indian music. The only customer's seem to be middle age men, who were all staring at the only girl to have ever come to this shithole. Zakir took her to a private room, Anuj booked for the party. At least it would be away from those creepy men.

"What is this, yaar?" Anuj exclaimed. "Is is this how you come to a party I invite you to?"

"I, uh-" she stammered. Zakir made her come like this, and somehow it's her fault.

"You think she looks bad?" Rupesh taunted. "You should smell her, yuck!"

"This is how this American girl see's us," Amhit exclaimed. "We are just smelly people to her. That's why she came smelly like this"

Deepika was close on the verge to tears when Zakir, butted in, "It's my fault guys, I didn't give her time to change."

"Why are you protecting her," Anuj retorted. "She did not have time to shower and change into something nice?"

Zakir laughed. "She has her change of clothes in her bag"

"She still stinks!" Abhishek yelled.

"Well let's leave that to our Birthday choot," replied Amhit.

Anuj was in deep thought and left the room.

"Nice going princess, you ruined his birthday!" Abhishek laughed.

"Yeah I don't even wanna touch you, bitch," Amhit taunted, the crying girl.

Zakir then got a phone call. "It's Anuj. He says you can change in the bathroom."

"Oh, okay," Deepika replied nervously. "Where is the bathroom?"

"Ask the manager," Zakir said.

She goes out of the room and asks the waiter where the bathroom is.

"Kya?" The waiter did not speak English.

"Bathroom?" she asked slowly.

"English Nay."

He however kept replying in hindi, until the manager came and asked if there's a problem. Explaining that she would like to use the bathroom, he translated it in hindi to the waiter and he escorted her to the bathroom stall. It was not even marked if it is for ladies or gents. It was one single bathroom. The waiter knocked on the door and Anuj opened the door.

Deepika froze, but Anuj grabbed her inside the door. He then asked the waiter something in Hindi. To her horror, the waiter entered the bathroom and locked the door. The bathroom reeked of piss. The toilet bowl had no water, and the faucet appeared to be dry. The only source of water was from a bucket, and some pee stains on the floor.

"The clothes are one thing, but you need a bath," he said smiling. "This bhai (bro) has been nice to escort you here, so treat him nicely. Strip."

Deepika remembered what Zakir said, and just accepted it. She quickly took off her shoes, shirts and sweat pants. Anuj ordered her to give them to him. He then threw it in the commode.

"What are you doing???" she asked in horror.

"They smell," he smirked. He looked up down on this bimbo. "Think you are forgetting the rest."

"Are you serious?" she asked.

"You have spare socks and underwear in your duffel bag right?" he asked back.

Deepika nervously nodded. Anuj said something in Hindi to the waiter, and told Deepika not to move. She stood still as the waiter unclipped her bra, and slid down her panties. He threw them in the commode, with the rest of the clothes.

Anuj started pouring water over the frightened Deepika, until she was wet all over. He first applied shampoo on her head, and pubic region.

"You know, it's not proper for a girl to have her over her twat," he lectured, while lathering the region. Deepika said nothing.

After wards he filled his hand with liquid soap, and started to lather her body. He first started with the arms, up to the shoulders. He then lathered her chest for several minutes, concentrating on the nipples in a circular motion. Deepika was not sure what is worse. The fact some creep is assaulting her, or that she is slightly enjoying the touch.

He slowly moved down to her abdomen, and was rubbing her tummy in a circular motion. Slowly he edged towards her groin, until he reached her labia. Smiling as he noticed her moaning, he started foaming up her pubes and vagina. Eventually he stuck his fingers inside to stimulate the clitoris. Her eyes were shut the whole time. She was lost in the finger-fucking by Anuj, she did not notice the waiter peeing in the toilet, filled with her clothes.

Anuj started soaping down her legs, up to her feet. He then washed the soap and shampoo away, at least as much as he could.

"Looks we ran out of water," he smiled. He ordered the waiter the fill up the bucket. After the waiter left he picked up the duffel bag.

"What are you doing?" Deepika asked.

"While he is gone, I just wanna talk to the other guys," Anuj explained. "This is just so you don't run of, yaar."

As soon as he left, Deepika locked the door. 'At least no one else will come in,' she thought. The lock, however, proved to be useless in preventing one of the customers from entering, without knocking. This red eyed, dark, balding, fat, drunk man was confused at the sight he is seeing. A naked teen, who is desperately trying to cover herself. The look of confusion, converted to a smile, as it was a naked teen, who has nowhere to hide.

Without warning he pushed her down on the filthy commode, and pointed at his zipper. She figured out what he wanted, and unzipped the pants, fearing what this drunkard might do to her if she does not do it. He pushed her legs wide open berating her in what sounded like some South Indian language to her, but not hindi. He pushed her head towards his crotch. She initially resisted, but the man forcefully pushed her head to his groin. Not wanting that again she moved towards him and pulled out his dick.

Its odour was unbearable, but she knew she had no choice. She first stuck out her tongue and licked the tip. The Indian gave a jerking motion, implying her to retract the foreskin, so she did. Her tongue kept circling within the foreskin, while looking up at the big man. He gave a blowjob motion, indicating that he wanted her mouth to cover his penis. She wrapped around his penis with her mouth. Slowly she started to move her head up and down to the base. Thankfully for her, the penis was not that big for her to choke on.

This intruder was groaning under his breath. He then reached between her leg and started finger-fucking her. She let out a little yelp. This is the 3rd time in school, that she was getting fingered. After a few minutes, she felt the man's jizz spewing into her mouth. She wanted to spit it out, but he kept her on his dick, forcing her to swallow it all. After wards, he pointed his dick between her legs, with the look of relief.

It is then that she noticed what he was going to do, grabbed hold of his dick, and directed towards the bowl before it was too late. He then let out a long stream of urine into the commode, wetting her gym clothes even more. After the stream ended, he pushed her head towards her again, indicating she was to clean any drops off. She complied out of fear. He then left the bathroom, with Deepika hoping he was too drunk to tell anyone where she is.

Several minutes passed then the waiter came with the bucket. Afterwards Anuj entered, and rinsed off all the soap and water.

"Just to be safe, I'll just clean you tits and pussy," he explained while rubbing them with his lathered up hands. Afterwards he rinsed her off the second time.

"Where are your towels?"

"The gym usually provides them for me," Deepika explained.

"That's too bad," Anuj snickered, grabbing her kurti and pajama pant.

"What you doing?" she asked nervously.

"I need to dry you up somehow."

Anuj and the waiter used her clothes to dry her up from head to toe.

"I think you should thank our waiter for helping you," Anuj said, with an evil grin. "A hand job would do."

She nodded, and about to unzip the waiter's zipper, when she noticed him taking the duffel bag with him.

"Relax, I'm leaving out what u need to get back to the room. If you decide to wear those piss clothes, I can get one of the guys to wash you this time."

She did not care. She just rubbed this waiter's cock until he ejaculated on the floor. As soon as he left, she saw what she left him. The heels she wore at college, and white bra and panties. He seriously expected her to go to the room like this. It was either this, or stay in the bathroom, where some drunken people will most likely rape her. She chose the former. After putting everything on, she heard a loud knock. The door opened revealing the manager.

He took a long look at her. Before she could react, he took her phone, took a picture, and typed something on it.

"I just sent this picture to my phone. In case you want some free drinks, feel free to message me a picture," he laughed. "I told the boys you have my number. These guys wanted you to bring the cake to the room. You are to wait outside the room until they call you in."

"Um can I wait in the bathroom instead?" Deepika sheepishly asked.

"No! Everyone needs to use the bathroom too"

She was then escorted out of the bathroom, while holding the cake. All the eyes are now on her. Everyone were howling and cheering at her. Some tried to touch her, but the manager pushed everyone back. Soon the manager directed her to the room, where the gang were singing happy birthday to Anuj. She looked down at the table only to find her kurti was cut in to pieces.

"Since you didn't bring a birthday gift like everyone else, I figured this could be your present," Anuj laughed. "There's no reason for me to own a kurti, so I figured I'll share it with everyone else."

"But, what will I wear?" Deepika panicked.

"Let's worry about that later," Anuj answered, while tossing a pint of open kingfisher. "For you."

"I don't know."

"It's not nice to decline the birthday boy's offer," Abhishek said.

"Umm ok," She sighed.

Anuj motioned her to sit on his lap. Everyone cheered her on while chugging the bottle. After finishing the bottle, Rupesh tossed another bottle at her. After she finished that bottle, Amhit thought of an incredible idea.

"Deepika, ever kissed had a kiss-shot?"

"What is that?" she asked. She started to feel a bit tipsy, from just 2 beers.

"We take a mouthful of vodka," Amhit explained. "As we kiss, you take the vodka from our mouth."

"Thats fucking awesome bro!" Anuj excitedly exclaimed. He took the first swig and locked lips with the Indian American. While kissing her, he slipped his hands under her panties and started fucking her with his fingers. Deepika wanted to cum badly after that blowjob from the bathroom, so she started moving closer to Anuj. As soon she swallowed the vodka, she then went to Amhit.

While performing a long kiss shot with Amhit, Anuj took an empty glass, and started jerking off. Amhit was not only was he fingering her beneath the panties, but he also directed her hands to his dick. While kissing Amhit she was jerking him too, until she swallowed his drink. Anuj ended up releasing his sperm in the glass.

After the kiss shot from him, she was then sent to Abhishek. While they locked lips, Amhit finished off in the glass, which was passed from Anuj.

The process repeated with Rupesh, while Abhishek gave a bit of himself into the glass. All these shots were making her so drunk, she slipped her fingers underneath the panties, without any concern of anyone watching. After finishing with Rupesh, she fell on to Zakir, clumsily tried to undo his pants. He however refused. After Rupesh jizzed in the glass, Anuj poured vodka to fill the glass. Deepika was so drunk, she was unaware what the guys were doing with the glass.

"It's nearly time for her to leave guys," Zakir said, looking at the time. "Curfew."

"What? Party's not over you, choot!" Anuj exclaimed, disappointed.

"If we want her to party with us again, she shouldn't get in trouble yet," Zakir laughed.

"But I can't go like this-"

"Don't worry, it's taken care of" Zakir assured. "Say goodbye and thank Anuj for the invite."

"Bye everyone," she wished, while slurring the words. "Thank you for inviting me."

"You didn't finish your drink," Anuj laughed, holding the cocktail made for her.

Deepika chugged the drink only to notice it tasted odd for what she thought was White Russion. Everyone else was stifling their laugh.

"She does know what that had right?" Zakir queried.

"That drunken bitch is probably enjoying it," Amit laughed.

"Ok let's go," Zakir ordered. "Say bye to the others."

"Bye everyone! Happy Birthday Anuj!"

"Music's too loud!" Anuj shouted, despite the low volume of the music. "Can you come a little closer."

She lumbered over to Anuj to wish him.

"Happy-"

"Closer."

"Happy-"

"Closer."

