A History of the WS Community

Author: -A- (1999-04-22 at 02:46) #33030

Hey there. I had been thinking of posting a brief history of the Internet WS community, and now seems to be the appropriate time, as it seems to be a topic of conversation.

Back when the net was composed mainly of academics and government folks — probably 1992 or so, the only place to find sexually explicit stories on the net was in the Usenet newsgroups. At that time alt.sex.stories was the best place to find something hot. I remember wading through hundreds of stories, in the hope of finding something even remotely related to wetting. Basically in vain.

Tho, VERY slowly, WS stories began to sporadically appear in a.s.s. Around 1994, someone in the newsgroups suggested that we start a group for WS lovers, and within several months, alt.sex.fetish.watersports was born. That was the first time there was a centralized place for pee-nuts to discuss all aspects of watersports, from golden showers to pants-wetting. That’s where the first group of us began to post our stories, fantasies and personal accounts.

From a.s.f.w., was spawned the first ws-related irc channel — which was called #peesex. I was immediately addicted, and spent hours talking to interesting folks about our mutual interests. It was a cleansing experience, to be honest, to finally come clean — mostly to myself — about my desires.

The irc channels slowly evolved, as #peesex became more GS-oriented, and we eventually moved to #peepants, and most recently folks have been hanging out on #ws on undernet.

But I digress. It was on a.s.f.w. where Patches first posted about the video she had shot with her and her friend wetting their pants. She wanted to know if anyone would be interested in purchasing the video, and the response was overwhelming. This was about the point when the World Wide Web was “born”, and Patches took advantage of this new technology to sell her video to all who could appreciate a couple of college girls soaking their polyester bellbottoms. Thus the birth of Patches Place.

Once the general public began to discover the internet, however, the bottom-feeders realized that the newsgroups were the perfect places to send their despicable spam-posts, inviting us all to call their stupid-ass 1-900 numbers. That was the beginning of the end for the newsgroups, which evntually filled up with so much spam, that using the groups for discussion became nearly impossible.

It was about this time that Monty started up his forum. It was much easier to use than the newsgroups, and was basically anonymous. We were all thrilled to have a quiet place to talk about our pervacious wet tendencies. It was great!

But as all good things do, Monty’s forum came to an end. Shortly thereafter, I received an email from Michelle (who I hope is doing well) that all the Monty’s regulars were now posting at Alori’s. We congregated there for a year or so, as Wet Set simultaneously created their forums.

(Wet Set, I believe, started as a series of ads in various adult magazines, inviting all wetters and wetting enthusiasts to join a new club for the sodden-minded. From there began a newsletter, which soon bacame the color glossy magazine we have come to know and love. I remember seeing Paul’s ad in Nugget Magazine around 1994-5.)

There was a bit of overlap between alori’s and wet set, until Alori ran into some problems, and her free forum became basically defunct.

So now here we all are, happy, healthy and moist on the Wet Set forum, for which we are extremely greatful to Paul and the Wet Set crew.

As all things evolve, it seems we’re extending our reach to the Ppages on Delphi, where we can post pics with impunity — for how long tho, is anyone’s guess.

That’s my personal perception of the history of the WS community on the internet. There are undoubtedly some facts that are a bit skewed, if not entirely spurious, but that’s the basic idea. If anyone has any corrections and/or additions, feel free to post a response.

Okie doke, time for bed. I’m gonna post this without re-reading it, as I am rather tired, so I regret any spelling errors, or blatant misinformation.

It’s been a fascinating trip, and I’m glad we’ve all worked together to form a community that will continue to gather members, as the word is spread, not unlike the spread of a dark stain on the crotch of Cassie’s tight jeans while she’s walking through the mall with Hannah Banana.

Take care all & keep the moist faith!

So long lives piss, and piss gives live to thee…
