NERDS GONE WILD

Author: William Abbott

I've written so many stories by now, all on this same basic theme, that at times I have worried that I'll run out of new variations. Still, every once in a while a new idea comes to me and I'm off and running.

The character of Katie in this story is closely based on my wife. We don't have the "code" I talk about here, but Katie's mischievous delight in being able to turn me on in front of everyone, with no one the wiser—that is very much what my wife is like.

The outfit I put her in belongs to a waitress at a lunch place I went to just once. I don't remember anything about the food, but I vividly remember her bare thighs. I left her a generous tip.

Katie and I had a code that we could use when we were out in public. She’d use it sometimes if she wanted to give me a special treat, or to tease me, or sometimes if she were just feeling mischievous. Whenever she laid her hand on my forearm and squeezed and then asked me a question—any question—it meant she had a really full bladder. If I answered the question yes, she would go find a ladies’ room and take care of it. If no, she would hold it. She knew that really turned me on and she reveled in having such an easy way to make my cock jump to attention, any time, any place.

That night, we were having dinner with Cindy and Phil from the high energy particle physics team. A dozen of us on the project had just made a major breakthrough, and there was a party on the lake that night for the whole team to celebrate. Katie and I had gone out for lobster before the party with Cindy and Phil, the only other couple on the team. The waitress had already cleared away our dishes and Katie was on her second Lowenbrau when she squeezed my arm in that special way and asked, “Do you want to finish my beer?”

I looked down at her mug, still half full, and I debated. Did I really want to spend the whole night with a raging hard-on? I glanced up at her eyes, twinkling with mischief, and I might have said yes and sent her off to go pee, except for the way she smiled. Instead, I shook my head. “Nope,” I said. “I’m good for now.” I sounded casual, but my pulse was going bopity-bop and I could feel my skin flushed.

Phil picked up his change and counted out a tip. He said, “I guess we’re ready to go, then? We’ll see you guys at the dock."

“What a great idea for a party!" said Katie. “And it’s a full moon. The water’s gonna be just beautiful.’’

The idea had been a pretty spontaneous. That morning, Chan was telling everyone about his latest flea market find—a vintage juke box in perfect condition, loaded with greatest hits from the 1980’s. Bob was all excited about having borrowed his uncle’s “party boat” for the weekend, and somehow we got the idea of putting the jukebox onto the party boat and taking the whole team dancing after dark out on the lake.

“It should be a blast,” said Cindy. “Let me just make a pit stop before we go.”

“I'll come with you,” said Katie. I was confused. Why was she...? In response to my puzzled look, she snatched up her mug as if to keep it away from me and wagged her finger in my face. “You said no,” she said. “Can’t change your mind now.” She tipped back the mug, draining it in a few swallows, and winked at me over the rim before setting it down empty and turning to follow Cindy to the restrooms.

Huh.

I watched her as they walked away and... wow. Katie looked incredibly sexy that night. She wore a very, very short pleated skirt in a dark green plaid with black knee socks and a black tank top that went nicely with her dark hair. Her thighs were bare almost to the very tops, and I swear Phil was watching her too, even though his own girlfriend was looking pretty hot next to her in tight jeans. I could hardly mind if he was. After all, the halter top that Cindy was wearing showed acres of cleavage, her breasts bare to within an inch of the nipples, and I’d been sitting opposite her all through dinner.

Cindy found me and Phil by the door a minute later. It was a little restaurant and the bathrooms were single-seaters, so Katie had had to wait her turn. She caught up with us outside.

“See you at the docks!” said Cindy. She waved to us as she and Phil headed off to their car.

I turned to Katie. “So...?”

She took my hand, and there was something soft in it. “Can you find someplace to put these?” she asked. I looked down and saw I was holding her panties.

Oh. So that's what she was doing in the bathroom.

“So you didn’t...?” I asked her.

“Nope.” She flashed me an evil smile.

I stuffed the panties into a hip pocket of my jeans and Katie grabbed me by the belt loops to pull us close. With her up on tiptoes, we were crotch to crotch. She put her lips close to my ear and said quietly, “I have to go really bad. I won’t last all evening, but I’ll hold out as long as I can.”

I kissed her then, and the kiss lingered and deepened as I ran my hands down her back. I was rock hard against her belly—against her bladder, actually. It was dark enough where we were for me to let my hand slip under her skirt—just far enough to check that—yup, she was naked under there. I gave her bare cheek a squeeze but she pushed my hand away, smoothing the skirt down again.

“If we weren’t going to that party,” she said, “I’d want to find some place more private and have you do a lot more of that.” She kissed me again, crushing her breasts against me and grinding against my hard-on. My hands roamed over her, finding her breasts, and her breath did something really interesting. I know my Katie. I knew she was really aroused.

“We could...” I said. “W-we...”

“No.” She was panting. She stepped back and took a deep breath, a hand on my chest to put space between us. “We said we’d be at the party. We should at least put in an appearance. Besides...” She crossed her legs and gave her hips a little wiggle. “That way I have more time to torment you.”

With my arm around her and our steps in sync, we walked to my car. That was the year I was reconditioning an old Triumph Spitfire. The finish was still Bondo and primer, but the engine purred like a tigress. The two leather seats were very low to the ground and as Katie lowered herself in, her skirt rucked up in back. Nothing showed from my angle, but I savored the thought of her bare bottom against the seat as she clicked the seatbelt home. I wondered if, aroused as she was, she’d leave a line of moisture where her pussy lips kissed the leather.

The lake was only fifteen minutes from the restaurant, but halfway there she announced, "I may have miscalculated.”

“You what?” I glanced over at her. “Oh.”

She was leaning forward and scissoring her legs—knees apart, knees together, knees apart, knees together... Both of her hands were up under her skirt, gripping herself. She took a deep breath. “I’m not sure I’ll make it."

“OK.” My heart was in my throat now, and my cock so hard against my fly it almost hurt. “What do you want to do? Shall I pull over?”

Katie turned to watch the moonlight flickering between the trees as we passed. “I’ll let you know.” She ran her hand along my thigh, then gave my cock a squeeze. “I might last.”

By the time I pulled into the parking lot by the dock, she was literally bouncing up and down in her seat. Several cars were parked there already along with the department van, and the boat tied up at the dock was crowded with people. Twirling colored lights hung suspended from a canopy over the helm and the jukebox was cranking out “Sweet dreams are made of these / I travelled the world and the seven seas...”

Katie opened her door before I’d even cut the engine. “OK,” she said, “I gotta pee for real.”

She levered herself to her feet, and as soon as she was standing, she was peeing. Just standing there, casual as anything, with piss pouring out between her legs. It was dark in the parking lot, and darker in the shadows of her skirt, but I could just make out the stream falling freely through space. The sound of it splattering against the gravel was unmistakable.

From across the lot, someone called out, “Katie!”

Her stream of piss stopped abruptly and her head jerked around to see who it was. “Miko!” Katie gave a big friendly smile and waved. “Good to see you!”

Miko was the powerhouse mathematician on our team. She came around the car, tottering on heels to give Katie a hug. “You’re looking good.”

“You too,” said Katie. She took Miko by the shoulders and looked her up and down, taking in Miko’s slinky gold lame dress and pearl necklace. “Love the outfit.”

“Oh, this old thing?” Miko turned to flash me a smile. “Hey, William.”

“Hey,” I answered. “Are we the last ones?”

“I think so,” said Miko. “Phil and Cindy got here a few minutes ago. And here’s Phoebe.”

Phoebe joined us. She was a post-doc who’d done her thesis on P-dimensional membranes and was now working with us on string theory.

Blonde and barely 5’1”, she was cute as a button, and that night she wore cutoffs and cowboy boots and a bright blue Supergirl tee shirt that was close to skin tight.

“How’re you doing, Phoeb?” said Katie.

“Super!” Phoebe squared her shoulders, thrusting out the red and yellow logo across her breasts, and I tried to keep my eyes from popping out. “My God, can you believe this?” she said. “They really went all out! Have you ever seen this boat before? The thing’s enormous.”

Down on the boat, someone had hung a mirrored ball and set it spinning, making stars dance across the dock and even over the parked cars up in the lot. The music had switched to the Talking Heads and Phoebe and Miko were talking to Katie a mile a minute, both of them oblivious to the fact they were all standing in a puddle of Katie’s piss. They linked elbows to make their way down to the dock, and I followed.

The party boat was not quite what I’d expected. I’d pictured a cabin cruiser—something with a deck and a cockpit and a sporty windshield. What Bob had borrowed from his uncle was a pontoon boat, basically a carpeted platform with a railing all around and a captain’s chair and helm in the middle. There were padded benches across the back—somehow it didn’t seem boaty enough to call it the stern. The disco lights hung from a collapsible cloth canopy. Towards the front, Chan had set up the jukebox and— good grief, was that a refrigerator? Power cables snaked across the floor connecting everything to a UPS, and a laptop propped up on the helm was obviously controlling the playlist. God knows where Chan had found that jukebox. It pulsed with lights, iridescent CD’s twirled around over the menu, and all four sides were covered in mirrors. It was glorious.

Bob threw his arms wide when he saw us. “Hey hey! Welcome aboard, the gang’s all here!” He extended a hand to help Miko step across from the dock in her heels. “There’s beer in the fridge, and sodas for the designated drivers. Help yourselves.” He craned his neck doing a quick head count. Twelve people were crammed onto a ten-foot-by-thirty-foot platform along with gear and electronics. Lights pulsed and music pounded. “Time to cast off!”

We chugged away from the dock with Dire Straits belting out “Money for nothing and your chicks for free.” I looked around at the dozen of us—five women and seven men—and at the trash bag already filling up with empties, and I thought to myself, there’s no head on this boat and no bathroom on shore. This could be interesting.

We danced and we drank (Diet Coke for me) and Bob steered us in wide, slow circles around the lake under the brilliant light of the moon. After a while he cut the engines and the boat just drifted on the glassy smooth water while we writhed and stomped, singing along with “This ain’t no disco / This ain’t no party / This ain’t no foolin’ arou-ouuund!”

When the song ended, Miko tottered up to the helm, laughing, and said to Bob, “Yo, take us back to the dock. I gotta pee!”

“Oh God, me too!” said Phoebe.

Half a dozen other voices, male and female, joined in a chorus of agreement.

“Right!” said Bob. “Pee break in the parking

“Girls to the left side!” Miko called out. “Guys to the right!”

Liz who ran the linear accelerator was standing near Katie and me and looking unhappy. “I wish we had a real bathroom,” she said. “I hate having to go outside.” I turned away, looking cool but listening intently. Liz had on a leotard under a wrap-around peasant skirt and a blouse with the tails knotted in front. Regardless of her feelings about porcelain, I could see that peeling down outdoors would be something of a project. “As far as I’m concerned,” I heard her say, “the greatest technological advancement in all of human history was indoor plumbing.”

Bob sat down in the captain’s chair and turned the key with a flourish. The engines— twin outboard motors—turned over once, then a second time more slowly, then...

Groaning, they tried to turn over a third time.

Failed.

Went silent.

A collective cry of dismay went up from everyone on board.

“Oh my God.”

“No, no, no!”

“What went wrong?”

“But I’ve gotta pee!”

Bob looked embarrassed, almost sheepish. He got up, went back to lean over the stern railing, and pried loose the cover to one of the outboard motors. “Come on,” he said, “we’re twelve of the most brilliant physics minds in the world. How difficult can it be to get an engine started?”

Half an hour later, Bob and three other guys along with Liz had the engine disassembled, parts laid out neatly on the carpeted deck.

“So we’ve ruled out the kill switch,” said Jack, “and the fuel filter’s OK.”

Vijay shook his head. “I’ve got the ignition system disassembled. Can somebody hand me the multimeter from over there?”

Liz studied the array of parts. “What’s the voltage output on those spark plugs? I wonder if we could run an intermittent current directly from the UPS.”

“Wait,” said Henry. “Just...hang on. Wait.” Henry got to his feet, a little unsteady. “And don’t look.” He walked quickly over to the railing and stood facing out toward the lake, his back to everyone else. He unzipped, but it didn’t seem like anything happened. A minute later, he was back with the others to sit cross-legged. “Pee shy,” he said. He grimaced and shifted his position. “I’ll try again later.”

A couple of other guys took Henry’s cue, though. Lined up along the railing at the side of the boat, they pissed loudly into the lake. I saw Cindy grimace at the sound, and someone at the laptop called up another song to try to drown it out. People started dancing again, but no one was drinking anymore and it seemed like there was less stomping and a little more writhing.

The jukebox and refrigerator formed a sort of partition, making a space by the bow that was separate from the dance floor. Katie and I had retreated there and were leaning on the railing, looking out at the reflection of the moon on the water.

“How are you holding up?” I asked her.

“Hm. I’m holding.” She wriggled her hips. “I’m really hoping this doesn’t take much longer.”

“You know,” I said, “You could just go.” I’d watched Katie pee standing up many times before. If she canted her hips a little, she could have sent her stream clear of the edge of the platform. For that matter, the railing we were leaning on had a gate. She could have opened it and squatted down to hang her butt out over the water.

She craned her neck to look back at the dancers just a few feet away. The little barricade didn’t give any real privacy. The jukebox was only chest high and the little fridge less than that, and there were wide open spaces between them and to either side.

Katie shook her head. “I don’t mind all that much if somebody gets a glimpse of me taking a leak,” she said, “But I really don’t want anyone to figure out I’m not wearing underwear. I’ll wait.” She gave me a sidelong glance. “And how about you? How are you holding up?”

“I...am...going absolutely crazy,” I said.

“I can only imagine.” She reached across and grabbed my cock through the denim of my jeans. We were shoulder to shoulder with our backs to everyone else so no one could see what she was doing while her fingers squeezed me, stroking my fly.

I held very still. “If you...” I said. “If you keep doing that, I...” I could barely breathe.

“Yes?”

“I might...”

“Would that be a problem?”

I took a few panting breaths. Licked my lips. “Well...it would make me less interesting company later on.”

She shrugged. “Hm. You’ve got a tongue,” she said, “and your fine motor skills are really good. Here.”

She took hold of my hand and moved it, lifting her skirt out of the way so my palm rested over her pubic hair and my fingers nestled between her thighs. I gasped with astonishment. “We...” I said.

“Just relax,” she told me. “Stay relaxed and no one behind us can tell. She cupped her hand over mine and pressed on my fingers until they slipped into the moist slit of her vulva. She brought her hand to her mouth and then back between her legs and suddenly my fingers were wet. I stroked her, working vigorously with my fingers but careful to keep my shoulder relaxed, gazing out at the horizon. “Oh yes,” she said. “Don’t stop. Whatever you do, please don’t... Oh. Oh my. Oh.” Her breath was suddenly deep and insistent. I was amazed she was able to hold her body so still.

She covered my hand again and stopped its movement, gripping herself through my fingers. “Press hard,” she said. “That was amazing.” She pushed my fingers even deeper into her slit. “And you would not believe how bad I have to piss.”

We heard footsteps behind us as someone stepped around the fridge to join us. Our hands moved easily back to the railing. Nothing happening here, nothing to see, just holding hands and looking out at the moon. The front of Katie’s skirt fell, once more just barely covering her. We turned, oh so casual, to see who was there.

It was Supergirl. Phoebe. “Oh my God,” she said. “I have to go so bad. I am literally going to pee in my pants if they don’t get the engine going soon.” Her raggedy cutoffs were snug and bathing-suit-short and my eyes flicked to her crotch. Even with her back to the lights, the moon was bright enough for me to see how the denim dug into her. My heart was already pounding with lust as I took in the sight, and now my breath caught in my throat.

I couldn’t have spoken but Katie picked up the conversational thread. “Oh, I know,” she said.

“I’m ready to burst.”

“No, I mean it,” said Phoebe, looking really anxious. She crossed her legs and did a little dance, nothing to do with the music. “I’m gonna wet myself in a minute. It’s not fair, the guys can pee over the side.”

“Here,” said Katie. She unlatched the gate and swung it open. “Just go, and to heck with the guys.”

Phoebe looked uncertain. She squirmed, tugging at her waistband so her cutoffs dug in even deeper, showing every contour.

“You can manage,” said Katie. “It’s better than wetting your pants. We’ll stand in front of you so nobody can see. If you hold onto the railing, you can...” But Phoebe didn’t need any more convincing. She was already unzipping.

Manfully, I turned my back...and found myself facing the mirrored jukebox. The reflection showed Phoebe from the waist down as she started pulling down her cutoffs and panties. I tore my eyes away with a heroic effort, looking toward the other dancers, but when I heard Phoebe’s pee tinkling into the lake I had to squeeze my eyes shut and cover them with a hand to keep from looking back at the mirror.

I heard a deep sigh of relief. I heard Phoebe say, “Oh yes! Oh, what a relief! Oh, thank you!”

And I wondered if I was going to cum in my pants.

I didn’t. Not quite.

The clear tinkling sound cut right across the deep pounding of the music for a long, long time. It tapered off at last and then I heard movement, cloth sliding over skin as she pulled up her pants. She was thanking us both profusely as she zipped up—for what I’m not sure—and when I opened my eyes at last, she was fastening the button at her waistband. She hugged Katie, thanking her again and then giving her a kiss on the cheek.

And then she turned and hugged me, too. “You’re a real friend,” she said next to my ear, and her lips brushed my cheek. Just a quick little peck. I stood as far back from her as I could, keeping it one of those “A frame” hugs. I even patted her on the back, the quickest and surest way I could think of to desexualize having my arms around her. A real hug would have pulled her against my swollen, throbbing cock, and there’d have been no mistaking it. When she turned away and went back to the dancing, I was trembling, dizzy, so weak in the knees I thought I might fall down.

Katie gave me a wry look.

“What?” I said.

“You.”

“What? I... I didn’t...”

“Just you.”

Back on the dance floor, Phoebe was announcing, “Ladies room by the bow!” Cindy and Miko and Liz all looked in our direction—took in the lack of any real cover. Liz just went back to reassembling the engine. Cindy’s brow furrowed and she shook her head and turned away. Miko came wobbling up, as drunk as I’ve ever seen her, to inspect the railing and the gate. Then she quoted a line from another song: “I these shoes? I don’t think so!”

A few minutes later, the engines roared into life again and a cheer went up from the whole team. Bob slid into the captain’s chair, gunned the throttle, and turned us toward shore.

Everyone crowded up to the front of the boat as the speakers started blaring “La la la la la la la bamba, la la la la!” No more dancing, now; we were peering out over the bow, all of us jammed together, watching for the dock. Most of the women and about half of the men were still bouncing up and down with desperation, but it was still a good five minutes before we’d get back. Katie and I were at the very front. She held the railing for balance as she stood on one leg, crossing her thighs, and she announced for all to hear, “Oh my God, my bladder is about to explode!” They were words she often whispered to me, a mischievous secret between us, but now there was no reason not to let everyone know that she was holding a full bladder way past the point of comfort. I took her hand and held it. My cock was painfully hard in my jeans. I hoped it wasn’t glaringly obvious to everyone around.

The music was still playing, but when Annie Lenox’s siren voice began singing “Here comes the rain again I Falling on my head like a memory,” a collective groan went up until someone silenced it.

Cindy was standing next to me on the other side, in those tight jeans and the top that left her breasts mostly bare. She was flexing her knees, bobbing up and down, and muttering, “Come on, come on, hurry!” She looked very distressed— jaw clenched, brow furrowed. In fact, she looked like she might wet herself, and I really hoped she wouldn’t. I’d feel bad for her, for one thing, but also...if Cindy peed in her pants I might cum for real, right there, right where I was standing, and that would make it weird and awkward working with her the next day. Even if she never knew.

As the dock came into sight, Bob told us, "I think we’re done for the night, folks. The engines are jury rigged, but I won’t trust them until I can do a full systems check in daylight.” He slowed the engines as we neared the shore, letting the boat drift in the last few yards.

Cindy was still chanting, “Hurry, hurry, pleasepleas eplease,” obviously holding on for dear life. Miko was stepping back and forth from one foot to the other. Half the guys were dancing and bouncing too. Liz simply looked grim and determined.

Katie was marching in place, pee dancing in front of everyone. They could all see her bare thighs, see the way she crossed her legs and wriggled, but I was the only one who knew she was bare ass naked under a skirt that only just covered her. Then—bless her fiendish heart —she squeezed my forearm and said, “I have a question.”

Oh God. I turned to her with a look that said You've got to be kidding. I wasn’t sure I could stand much more of this. I was more than ready to let her pee. I was almost ready to beg her to please, for God’s sake, go take care of her bursting bladder before my brain exploded.

“Are any of the others prettier than me?”

Ouch. That was a challenge. Dare I say yes? I turned to look all around. At Phoebe, tee shirt and cutoffs fitting her like a second skin. And at Miko, who’d been the one to call for a bathroom break an hour ago, squirming in her shiny gold dress. And then at Cindy, who might not make it —Cindy who looked like she might fall out of her halter top as she bounced on her toes. Oh, Katie, you are so evil, and in the most delightful way. Slowly, I shook my head. “Absolutely not,” I said. “There is no one in the world prettier than you.”

She smiled. “Good.”

As the boat bumped up against the dock, Miko called out again, “Girls to the left! Guys to the right!”

As everyone rushed to disembark, Katie pulled me down close to whisper, “I have to keep up appearances. Go through the motions.” She kissed me on the cheek and then joined the throng pouring out onto the dock, squirming as she waited for those in front of her to squeeze through the little gate. Cindy, her teeth clenched, was already unbuckling her belt. I hung back and watched as the crowd spilled out onto the dock and streamed up to the parking lot, separating out by sex as they got there.

Several guys scurried over to the trees to the right. Henry, the pee-shy one, looked like he could hardly walk. Cindy and Katie both skipped and ran over to the left, and it looked like Cindy was already unzipping. Miko was following as fast as she could on high heels across the gravel, gathering her ankle-length dress up around her knees and then up around her thighs. “Wait up!” she said, but the other two were already disappearing around the van. Miko turned to step off the gravel and onto the grass.

Reaching down, she unhooked the heel strap from one shoe, then the other, and ran barefoot along the grass, hiking her dress up again almost to her waist. There was a bench—nothing fancy, just a couple of boards fastened down to a pair of short upturned logs—and Miko stopped at the far end of it and sat down. Her back was to us, her dress bunched up behind her, legs spread wide in front. Was she...? Yes, of course she was. Don’t be silly.

I looked away. I didn’t want to be rude. I also didn’t want it to be obvious how interested I was, and I really didn’t want to be any more turned on than I already was.

Four of us guys as well as Liz were still down by the boat. Bob and Vijay and Adam had already pissed, and Liz was still determined not to. And me? My bladder was full, but my cock was so hard that pissing seemed out of the question just then. Besides, as one of the drivers, I hadn’t had nearly as much to drink as most of the others. I could have used a good long piss, but I wasn’t bursting.

Liz, on the other hand, was pacing the dock with increasing urgency.

In ones and twos, the others started trickling back from the woods. Henry looked especially relieved. Cindy was smiling, relaxed and happy. Miko joined us on the dock, still barefoot with her shoes dangling from one hand, her dress only slightly wrinkled. “That has got to be the best feeling in the world,” she said. “When you have to go so bad your bladder’s about to explode and then you finally get to go pee. Seriously, I’ve had orgasms that didn’t feel that good.”

Liz stepped back onto the boat where Bob was packing up the laptop. She asked him, “How soon can we go?”

He looked at the jukebox, then scanned the parking lot for Chan. Spotting him, he called out,

“Hey Chan, can we leave the big things here until morning?"

Chan nodded. “We should put a tarp over it, though, in case it rains tonight."

Liz huffed in exasperation. “It’s definitely going to rain tonight if you don’t get me to a bathroom soon."

“Here," said Bob. He handed the laptop to Liz. “Can you stow this under the back seat and fetch the tarp? We can be out of here in five minutes."

Bob started taking down the lights. Adam and Phil were picking up empties and stuffing them into a trash bag. Chan joined us to help move the fridge up against the jukebox. Liz was back with the tarp a minute later, and she and Chan unfolded it and tucked it into place, covering both of the big, boxy fixtures.

Katie walked up behind me and took my hand. Quietly, she said, “Oh my God, that was difficult.”

“Hmm?”

“Pretending and not doing it.” She looked around to make sure no one was close enough to hear. “Squatting and not letting go. I could hear Cindy pissing like a racehorse just a couple of feet away and I thought I was gonna go out of my mind.”

I put my arm around her shoulder, pulled her closer next to me and kissed the top of her head. “You’re amazing,” I whispered.

“The worst of it is, now I can’t squirm. I’m literally about to piss myself and I have to look all chill and relaxed.”

We were standing up by the foot of the dock. The cleanup on the boat had gone pretty quickly. Adam passed us carrying an armload of lights and wires, Chan brought up the mirrored ball, and Bob had lowered the canopy and was tying it down with Liz urging him to hurry up. It was obvious she was getting really desperate. She moved stiffly or stood with her legs crossed, rocking her upper body back and forth. She tried helping Bob with the ties, but she was so distracted it made her clumsy. When he was nearly done, she left him there and quick-marched past us up to the parking lot.

We followed her. People were telling each other, “Good night!” and “See you in the morning!” Adam was loading the bag of empties into the trunk of his car. The lights and the mirrored ball went into another.

Liz was pacing in circles. She was in bad enough shape that I was thinking the leotard must not have snaps at the crotch. If it did, I was pretty sure she’d have ducked into the woods by then.

Bob was finally done at the boat. Car doors opened. There were more good nights. A few hugs. Miko had her shoes on again and was telling everyone, “This was such a blast! We’ve got to do it again.” She ran up to Katie, gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek and then did the same to me. More awkwardness as I tried to keep her from discovering my hard on. Phoebe called to her to hurry.

Next to me, Katie said, “Ohhhh. Oops.”

“What?” I asked.

She shook her head. “My thighs are wet.”

Then Cindy and Phil came up to tell us good night, and Cindy hugged us both. I turned a little sideways and hugged her one-armed, letting her belly bump against my hip instead of my penis and trying not to stare down at all the naked skin between her breasts. Katie was smiling as they left to get in their car, but the smile was stiff and when she took hold of my hand again, she nearly crushed it.

Cars were starting up now. Liz was one of five people riding back in the department van and she climbed up into the shotgun seat. The three cars pulled out first, all of them signaling left and then turning out onto the road.

Next to me, Katie made a noise halfway between a squeal and a whimper.

“You OK?”

“Wetter,” she said. “I just hope it doesn’t run down into my shoes.”

“You can go,” I said. “Nobody’s looking.”

“Not yet,” she said. “Not ’til we’re alone.”

The van was still signaling left, but it didn’t pull out.

“Come on, Bob, come on,” Katie muttered. “Lizzie has to go and so do I. What are you waiting for?”

But then the passenger door opened. Liz jumped out. Her blouse was unknotted and she shrugged it off onto the ground as she ran to the back of the van.

“Oh my God!" I said.

Then she was untying her skirt, stepping over it as it fell to the ground. She ducked behind the van, where she was out of sight of anyone riding in it and also hidden from the road...but in full view of Katie and me. Next thing, she was pulling her leotard down off her shoulders. Down further, off of her...

And I caught myself, took Katie’s arm and turned us both around to face the lake before Liz was actually naked. Before she squatted and pissed. Or would she be sitting on the rear bumper? Maybe trying to cover her breasts with one arm while she kept her leotard out of harm’s way with the other. I tried not to think about it. My cock actually hurt, it was so hard.

Katie put her arm around my waist. She sucked in a breath, exhaled between pursed lips. “Guess I’ll have to wait my turn,” she said. She was standing with her legs crossed, her whole body clenched like twisted rope, holding onto me for balance. When we heard the hissing of Liz’s water from behind us, Katie’s eyes bulged and she let out a quiet, anguished keening sound.

Liz peed for a few seconds and then stopped. Then the sound started again, tentative and uneven at first before becoming a steady patter against the gravel. It grew louder, stronger, and Katie gripped herself under her skirt, her whole face contorted with the effort of holding it in just a little longer. The tinkling stopped at last and we listened for the van to start up again, but of course Liz would have to stop to put everything back on again first. Pull up the leotard. Wrap the skirt around her waist and tie it. Find the blouse, shake it right-side-out again and put it on. Tie it in front.

And of course, unlike Katie, she wouldn’t be in a hurry any more.

Katie knelt on the dock now, tugging at me to sit next to her. She put both hands up under her skirt, gripping herself, bouncing up and down, puffing like a woman in childbirth. Still the van was silent. She rolled her eyes, looked up at the clouds and muttered, “Come on, Lizzie, just get dressed and go!” Then she rolled away from me to lie on her side. Her skirt left her bare-ass naked from that angle. Her butt was towards me, exposed, her fingers peeking through between her legs to dig into her vulva. I reached out and laid my hand on her thigh, ran it up over her bare cheek.

Finally the van started up again. Katie lay there wriggling, her muscles clenching, clenching, clenching, until we heard it pull out into the road and drive away, the sound fading at last to silence.

She had to move her hands to push herself back up to a sitting position and when she did, a little squirt jetted out. It hit me in the knee, and it felt hot as it soaked into my jeans. She got control again, squeezing it off as she got up onto hands and knees. I started to get to my feet but she pushed me down, pushed me onto my back and grabbed hold of my feet to pull my legs out straight.

I started to unzip my fly but she wouldn’t let me do that either. Instead, she straddled me, kneeling over my legs. She walked forward on her knees until they pressed against the sides of my ribcage, and then she lowered herself to rest her butt on my fly. Her pussy, pressing with her weight on my cock, still inside my fly. She started grinding, dragging her lips over the denim. I tried to thrust up against her, but she had my hips pinned down on the dock.

I ran my hands over her body, and she reached up under her tank top to undo the frontclosing bra. I stroked the soft skin of her breasts, reveling in their weight and their warmth, and as my fingers slid over her hard nipples, she pulled her top up over her head, tossing it aside and then pulling her bra loose from her shoulders. Naked.

Bare breasts in the moonlight, with trees and lake water all around us and the stars overhead.

She was gripping herself again. Or was she rubbing herself? I reached down to feel, to make sure, and she grabbed my hand and thrust it under her, pushed my fingers to let me know she wanted me to reach inside her, to find her G-spot with two fingers while letting her grind her clit against my thumb.

She rocked her hips, thrusting harder and harder down onto my fingers, dragging her clit over the base of my thumb until, breathing harder and harder...

Until...

She came, for the second time that night. She didn’t have to hide it this time; she threw her head back, arched her spine, and cried out with little gasping noises as her whole body shook. I was very close to cumming myself, and then she lunged forward to kiss me—hard, with her tongue thrusting deep in my mouth, devouring me.

Then she stiffened all of a sudden. Grimaced. “Oh dear. Oh dear. Uh oh.” She tried to push herself up onto hands and knees again, maybe so she could wriggle backwards, off of me, and piss between my legs, but I held her where she was.

My cock was bathed in sudden heat, spreading between my legs and down into my butt crack.

And then I felt my own desperate lust coming to a boil. My orgasm gathered like steam in a kettle, rising from my buttocks and my balls to mix with the heady brew of the little bit of piss she’d lost. I let her sit up, and she was still astride me, her knees clamped tight against the sides of my ribcage, her cunt still resting on my cock as she lost control for just another split second. My hands cupped her bare breasts and then I came, my own juice spurting out to mingle with her heat, my cock jammed against her with only wet denim between us.

“Sorry!" she said, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to...”

“Hush,” I told her. I pulled her down to kiss her again, and she straightened her legs now to lie on top of me, holding my legs between hers. I pulled her skirt up to her waist, squeezed her naked bottom under the full moon, gazed up at the twinkling starry sky.

“Wow,” she said. “I still... I really... I need...” I felt her whole body tighten up. She threw her head back and cried out, “Oh my God do I have to piss!!!"

With a hand on my chest, she pushed herself up and got to her feet. She offered me a hand, but instead of letting her pull me up, I reached out and put my arms around her thighs, nuzzling her. I pressed my face into her skirt and then lifted it to feel the scratchiness of her hair against my eyelids. I rested the bridge of my nose in the groove of her vulva. I flicked my tongue out to lick her inner thighs. She tasted salty.

She only let me do that for a few seconds before pushing me away. “Seriously,” she said, “I’m gonna...” She didn’t finish the sentence. As I got to my feet, she reached behind her to unzip her skirt, letting it fall to her ankles. She stepped out of it and stood, naked but for saddle shoes and knee socks. And then she spurted again... just a little. One quick splash against the hollow boards of the dock, and then she crossed her legs to clamp it off again—but not before making her legs even wetter.

She took my hand and led me up onto the grassy shore, leaving her clothes on the dock. She hopped and skipped, one hand covering her crotch while she pulled me along with the other. I followed her to the bench where Miko had peed. I watched as she stepped up onto it.

She stood facing me then, her breasts at about my eye level, spreading her arms in a gesture of display for one last second before she’d let go. I stepped forward, took her nipple in my mouth and sucked on it. I ran my hands over her other breast and up between her legs until she started flapping her hands in frustration.

I let her go and she squatted, her knees spread, wearing only shoes and socks. I knelt in the grass before her and stared up at her face, at her smile, at her naked breasts, and then down into the warm, dark, inviting, almost holy space between her thighs. Stared with awe and wonder and unabashed joy.

And then she peed for real.

And peed and peed and peed and peed and peed. Her soft wet inner lips peeked out between her outer lips, with piss gushing out under pressure. A thick stream, pouring out from between her legs to soak into the grass in front of me. Pissing hard. Pissing long.

I unzipped and took out my cock, sticky with cum, still thick and heavy, and I let go my own water, adding to the puddle she was making. I swished it back and forth and when our streams crossed, beads of pee spattered out in all directions.

When I looked up into her face again, her eyes were full of love. I finished, emptied and relieved, but my cock was still swollen and she was still going strong. I left my cock out, enjoying the feel of the cool night air against my skin. As her stream finally began to weaken, I reached out to let it splash over the tips of my fingers. Felt her heat in her pee. Brought my fingers to my lips and tasted. Salty.

“You are one seriously kinky fellow!" she said, shaking her head but still smiling. Her stream was tapering off now, down to a few last drips.

“Is that a problem?” I asked, sitting back on my heels.

“Nope,” she said. She smiled even wider. “Not in the slightest.”

