Gold Rush: A Desperate Western (ch. 3)

By Melody Alexi

Chapter 3

She was nudged awake by a grip on her shoulder. She sat up— and her hands were bound in ropes before she could realize what was happening.

"We'll eat on the trail. Let's go."

She tried to keep her heavy despair to herself. She didn't know if she was actually buying her freedom. She knew full well she could give it all up, give these monsters back their gold, and she could still hang anyway. But she was at least buying the possibility of escape.

They rode in stiff, intense silence for a good long while.

When the sun finally warmed the desert earth, they stopped by a tree and dismounted to eat.

"I'm unfastening your binds. You know the drill. If you try to run, you won’t like the consequences.”

Fuck him.

And fuck the fact that he was starting to awaken her dormant sense of arousal. She hadn't desired a man in a very long time, and she shouldn't feel any kind of desire for the man who'd fucked her over.

He handed her bread and stiff cheese and she ate weakly.

"I don't suppose, if I asked you for a piss, that the answer would be any different today."

"Nope."

His flicker of a smile said he enjoyed toying with her, and she was immediately angry when it made her insides flutter.

But he added, gentler, "Tell me where we're headed and we'll take a break at high noon."

"Head in the direction of Wind River," she said, smothering her hesitance.

The morning was long and silent except for the sound of horse hooves.

True to his word, when it was high noon, Branson helped her dismount and led her behind a tree. But he didn't leave her alone there. He unfastened her trousers herself, causing the heat to leap to her cheeks just like yesterday. He tugged them down to her ankles, folded his arms, and said, "Squat."

And he didn't look away.

His watching eyes made her skin prickle with embarrassment. At the same time it excited her in ways she didn't want to be excited.

She squatted and pissed, his eyes never leaving her. She had caught on that he enjoyed seeing her embarrassed. She tried to keep her face blank and unabashed, but she knew she was failing.

They rode again until night fell.

She had nothing to do but sit, hands tied, while he set up camp.

"So why did you start robbing and swindling?" he asked, starting a fire.

She shrugged.

"Your hardened exterior doesn't fool me. I'm sure you were quite the normal person once."

"Oh?"

"You don't have the hardness of the sorts I usually deal with."

She faced him, met his chilly blue eyes, and figured she had nothing to lose by telling the truth. She could do worse than ingratiate herself to him.

"The real thieves are the men who run these mining camps and towns. The people who exploit workers selling faulty equipment at a killing. There's not enough gold in the ground to go around, from here to California. It’s all going to the likes of them. And if you must know, I watched those thieves rob my father, and the man I was going to marry, of their livelihoods, and eventually their lives."

He stared.

"So it's vengeance?"

"No, it's justice. No one else is going to restore the balance. Certainly not whipped dogs like you or the Sheriff. Someone else has to exploit the exploiters and sink the money back into towns."

"So you think you're Robin Hood then?"

"No. Like you said. I was just a normal person once."

"Is there even any gold left, if you're distributing it among the poor?"

"You know how much I've stolen. I couldn't distribute it all at once without bringing down suspicion. I'll show you where the rest is. And you'll let me go."

She said it mostly to see how it fell, if he would deny or confirm it, but his face did not betray anything. However, by now she'd watched him enough to detect a faint flicker in his eye, like he was amused.

And then, to her profound surprise, he said, "My family was killed over gold too. It's why I do what I do. Stop people... like you." He said like you grimly, like he wasn't sure about it.

They were quiet as the fire flickered to life, and he began cooking over it.

When they huddled onto saddle blankets in front of the fire, she was highly conscious of his closeness.

The next morning was less tense. They'd fallen into a rhythm of riding, stopping for sparse meals, and he even let her piss. But he also forced her to drink much more canteen water than she wanted. “It won't do me any good to have you fainting. Where are we going next?"

"We're still heading north."

So north they rode.

And after a long morning of canteen swigs, she was fidgeting in her saddle again.

"Hey." She called out." I need to go."

"You'll need to hold it for a bit. We'll stop at noon gain."

"We'll be where we're going before noon. I need to stop now."

He looked back at her with a raised eyebrow.

"We're that close?"

"There's no better land on earth to hide things in plain sight. Now let me piss or I'm not showing you anything at all."

"And what if I enjoy watching you squirm?"

She bit back an oath. Both because he made her rage and because... it was arousing, the thought of him enjoying her pulsing humiliation, and her rocking her crotch against the saddle to stop the pressure. And she surprised herself.

"If I let you watch me squirm, what are you going to do for me?"

"The letting you live part, I thought, was pretty kind. What do you want?"

And she surprised herself again. “I'll think on it."

And she didn't plead to piss again. They rode side by side this time, and she could feel his eyes occasionally flickering in her direction, detecting her stiff movements as she tried to steady her need.

They were nearing the spot.

They were coming to the grove of trees that told her they were very close when she sank back in her saddle, the cue that her horse took to stop. Her horse was still tethered to his, and he stopped too.

"Are we there?"

"No. But I've held it like you wanted. And now I want something from you."

His look was profound amusement.

"Tell me."

"I’m bursting. I'm going to wet any second now if you don't let me down. And if this is the sick way you get your kicks, then I'll do it for you. I'll wet for you. But for me to show you the gold..." She swallowed hard.

"I want you to fuck me."

For the first time, genuine surprise claimed his expression.

"Or," he tried to regain the upper hand. "Or I could take you back to the nearest town, where I'm sure they'll gladly take you off my hands and string you from the nearest tree."

"The nearest town won't give you half the bounty they will in Atlantic City. And you won't slink back to the sheriff empty-handed. All that work for nothing? No way. Fuck me."

She knew he could see through her weak attempt to turn the tables, to grasp back some power. But she knew that he liked it.

She clenched her leg muscles tight in the saddle and fought the tight, terrible tension building in her pussy. But it didn't make her unravel like yesterday.

In a sick, sordid way it was exciting her. Her face was flushed, her pussy was tight, her breasts were tight, and everything felt taut and ready for him.

"I want to be fucked," she said simply.

"Well. I've made some worse deals."

She was losing control and she nearly doubled over in the saddle. "Well?" she asked, her voice tight.

"Wet those pants for me and I'll happily take them off."

She wet herself completely, the wetness spreading rapidly from her crotch to the seat of her pants, and spilling in hot rivulets down her legs. It made her feel just as slimy and wrong and embarrassed as yesterday, but the white-hot mortification was laced with an undeniable sense of excitement and anticipation.

He watched her and she could/eeZ his desire.

"You're a beauty, you know that?" he asked, watching her trembling as she finished the last few spurts of pissing herself.

"Then come over here and give me what I want."

And for the first time, his face broke in a low smile.

He dismounted and tugged her off her horse.

Her breathing was ragged with humiliation, but she didn't resist him as he pulled her close.

"You sure?" he asked, and his closeness and rugged scent overwhelmed her.

"I'm sure."

And he ripped open the buttons of her shirt.

She gasped as he tugged her breasts free and groped them, eagerly. Her nipples were already hard for him, and she whimpered as he teased and tugged them.

He unfastened her trousers, but this time he tugged them off completely.

"Fuck."

He stared at her quivering pussy, and the glistening liquid clinging to her, some remnants of her accident and some evidence of her arousal.

He pinned her down on the grass between the trees, and she listened with heaving breaths as he unfastened his own trousers and positioned himself above her.

His erection was tight and large, and he didn't slide into her with the expected ease. She gasped as his tip pierced her, and she adjusted to the realization that he was larger than the few partners she'd enjoyed before.

When he pushed past her tightness she gasped raggedly, quickly adapting to his fullness sliding into her wetness. Fuck, he felt good.

She fumbled to unfasten his own collared shirt, freeing his muscled chest and grazing her hands over the rugged hair there. He pinned against her tighter, fastening his chest to her breasts, exactly what she'd wanted, and she savored his body straining against her, piercing and strong.

She enjoyed every second of being speared by him. Over and over he thrust into her as he passionately fucked her. And as much as she knew she was giving full control to him, it felt powerful to her, just a small moment of getting what she wanted.

She was buzzing with ache and want as he hit her just right. And when he pulled out she gasped in despair— until she felt his hot white cream spurting against her lower tummy.

It pushed her up against her own edge, and even though he was finished, he surprised her by letting his fingers nestle between her wet folds and stroking up an intense rhythm. She let out a cry of surprise. She wasn't used to men prioritizing her pleasure, or visibly enjoying it. But judging by his tight jaw and his hungry eyes, he enjoyed watching her squirm in every way.

He pushed her to an incredible friction, and she screamed out as he flicked her nub rapidly. Her pleasure burst and she arched, screaming.

When the cloud of fire cleared, the only sound was their mutual breathing.

"Do you fuck all your captives so thoroughly?" she asked raggedly.

"You're the first one."

He helped her to her feet. She was quivering, damp with sweat and all her fluids, and his fluids, and he took the sight in like it intoxicated him.

"I saw a creek on the ride in."

"It runs into a pool up there. That little creek runs down in the caves where you'll find what you're looking for."

"Caves. Very clever."

"People tried to mine it for a while. A few floods and drownings and it's been abandoned since."

They walked together, in states of ragged undress, to where the creek splashed into a pool, and she knelt in the water to clean herself. He surprised her by cupping handfuls of water and bathing her himself. His hands on her bare skin nearly worked her into a state of feverish want again.

But they had business to do.

And she had an escape to hopefully make.

Although she wasn't completely sure she even wanted to be free of him anymore. Life as his captive was mortifyingly exciting.

He helped her refasten her top and her damp trousers and with one last long glance, their trek began.

He followed her into a field of stony formations. It was a rocky climb followed by a steep descent into more stones, that eventually revealed a cave mouth so tiny you had to get to your knees to get through it.

You could hear water tinkling throughout the cavern walls, and the tunnel opened quickly into vaulting, arching caverns. They walked from the first cave, past some wooden slats, with various warnings to gold panners scribbled on them, and there it all was.

Crates and chests and sacks of gold bars, coins, jewels, and fine clothing.

"Fuck, you've been busy this last handful of years."

She looked on it all with indifference. "You'll find carts and wagons for sale an hour's ride from here. One quick pony express to the Sheriff and you can have it out in a handful of discrete loads. You’ll be a hero forever.” She gave him a searching look. “The man who outwitted Evasive Elaine.”

He was watching her carefully. "And what will you do? With your freedom?"

"Have I gotten it, then? My freedom?"

"Completely. Your freedom, your horse." He tossed her a coin. "Maybe get yourself some dry trousers."

She scowled, but there was less venom in the expression.

"So what will you do, then?" he prodded.

"Oh, I'm a completely changed woman," she said dryly. "Who will never sabotage another exploitive mining operation ever again."

"Maybe steal pickaxes and gold pans. They'll get you less of a bounty than horses and gold bars and train holdups."

"Maybe."

"And maybe I'll catch you on the trail again."

And in spite of everything, in spite of herself, in spite of her damp pants and the discovery of everything she'd worked so hard to steal, she laughed.

"Maybe you will."

