Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 06
	A trip with the super seniors is hell where ever she goes.
Author: sin138

Warning. This chapter is darker than the past entries as it puts the our hero in a dangerous situation. This includes starvation and some pain. This will not be a recurring thing in many future chapters.

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

*****

Trip to Bangalore

Memory 1

She wakes up inside the jeep, and with a cock inside her. There is no doubt they would have ravaged her in the pool. She notices it is night.

"Where are we?" she weakly asks.

No one answer as one of them grunts heavily as he shoots his load inside. She then passes out again.

Memory 2

Still in the car she wakes up again. Her breasts are getting mauled by what looks like a valet. He tells her he has orders to bring her in the giant suitcase given by the trio, or to kick her out of the hotel for trespassing. She agrees without protest.

As the valet stuffs her inside, she asks him, "Where am I?"

"Bangalore Bhabhi," he replies.

How long did she stay in with those perverts? What else did the valet do to her unconscious body? Too many thoughts raced through her mind. She felt her legs stretched as he pushed them towards her shoulder to fit her in better. He tied her legs and hands with the belts on the suit cases, leaving her legs spread wide and along her arms. He then unzipped his pants.

"The sirs had ordered me to do one more thing," he tells. "I know it's improper to treat a girl like this, but it is clear you are not a proper girl."

He rubs his genitals over her face. She could feel every hair on his balls. Soon he sticks his cock into her mouth, which she sucks as a reflex. Soon enough, he pulls it out, and blows streams of cum on to her face, but it is not over.

Her face is hit with his urine. She nearly gags at the stench. The stream splashes over her face and soaks her hair. He then closes the case, with the smell lingering in the luggage. She can feel herself being moved in the trolley. Thankfully he kept the suit case horizontal having her lie on her back. Soon she felt him lift up the suitcase and move her inside. After she heard the door close, she noticed a light coming through the opening.

"It's the NRI SLUT!"

"Stuff the ectasy in her pussy and see if she gets high!"

As the skinny senior stuffs fists full of Ectasy tablets inside her snatch, the others pull out their dicks to ravage the young naked NRI.

She bobs her head on the fat senior's smelly cock, as the other one rubs his in between her tits. They start talking to one another, as she pathetically attempts to understand what they are saying.

"We have to thank Anuj, for this slut."

"He's the only one who understands how to treat sluts like her," the fat senior laughs, rubbing his hairy balls over her face.

"Yeah, but I'm already sick of this bitch already,"the tall senior confesses."The cunt doesn't even have boobs. When should we return her back to him?"

"She is getting boring," the skinny senior confesses."Let's just take her out for a night out in the town. Besides we have to get rid of those stubbles. I hate girls who are hairy."

"Yeah,"the fat senior laughs, as he makes the NRI his hairy asshole."These women should understand we hate their hair. Those who don't bother to keep them smooth, should go to hell."

They all nod in agreement, that the hair must go. At the same time they make each got rimmed by her. She ironically has to endure their hairy cracks. They then got their hairy balls licked, and finally they all cream in her stubbled pussy. Having it mix with the dissolving tablets.

She does not faint, but her memory becomes foggy yet again. The super seniors get giddy as they dress themselves for the night.

Memory 3

She finds herself not in the hotel but in some clinic. She felt literal heat against her mound.

"Where am I?" she nervously asks.

"Laser hair removal," the fat senior replies. "It's our treat for you passing."

"Though you should thank the remover guy with your cunt," The tall senior laughs.

She watches as the machine goes over her body, burning up the root ends, in her pubic area. He moves the machine up her torso, then to her arms. He also pays special attention to her underarms, burning away the hair roots off. She looks down to notice her legs were already done.

"This is a smooth slut," the skinny senior laughs with glee. He rubs his finger across her crack to check for any stray hair strands. None are found.

She then feels the operator shove his dick up her cunt and roughly fucks her senseless. The fat senior records her stupor state, as she gets violated. She howls as the operator slaps her tits, and works her hairless cunt until he lets out his spunk. She moans as she feels the hot semen flow inside her. She wants to rest a bit, but they they lift her up and drag her out of the lab.

Soon they leave, with her in just her shoes, as they walk onto the streets. They are loud and boisterous. The people's heads turn to see what the entire ruckus is. Since it was midnight, only the drunks and the wicked were up, in this otherwise busy city. The super seniors attract attention from their surroundings further exposing the already vulnerable NRI teen. It is like hanging with nothing but Anujs the entire time, for they never cared if these stranger posed a threat to her at all.

She watches in fear, as her naked body gets constantly groped. She gets elevated up and dragged away by some strangers, as the seniors just watch and laugh. They then start to drift from her, as she was carried further away. Her glasses drop, as leaving her blind for the entire time.

She then feels her hands tied around her ankles, and then suspended from some posts with her snatch spread wide open. Looking up she sees a bunch of horny men maul her breasts as his hard dick is out of his pants. Before she can react, another dick is forced into her mouth, and that other dick is shoved hard inside.

As she is getting two of her hole fucked, she then feels some pain in her behind. She then realizes that it is another cock that is ramming up her ass. She wants to scream, but the moment her mouth opened even more, a second cock is shoved in her mouth, as the first one is still orally fucking her. Eventually, the cocks inside her simultaneously go off. She gags on the double cumshot that goes down her throat. Without catching a break, four more cocks enter inside her, just like before. This does not feel good at all. She just wants to cry.

This goes on until she passes out. Her last memory is getting fucked in all holes, and watching some guys piss on the street.

###

Meanwhile back in Lengavi

"Hello?" Zakir groggily replies.

"Zakir, we have a problem," Hridhya says on the phone. "Deepika is not in her room."

"Did you call Anuj," he asks, sounding annoyed. It was 1am, and he wanted to wake up early to prepare for tomorrow's case. "Didn't they go out today?"

"That's the problem," she replies, sounding scared. "The others came back. He left her with your super seniors. It turns out they are heading to Bangalore tonight."

Hearing this, he immediately gets out from his bed.

"Thanks for telling me," he says, feeling alert. What was Anuj thinking? His action could have ruined everything. First thing is to get Deepika, then kill Anuj.

Soon after he starts calling each senior, but none have been answered. He texted them too asking for Deepika, but none were replied. Not able to fall asleep, he rushes out to his bike to go to their apartment, to find out from the guard, that they packed up and left the key. They were never coming back.

###

Memory 4

She wakes up, only to find darkness. She does not know where she is. Is she in someone's basement? Is she still in India? Worse, is she dead?

All these thoughts are not going waya. She falls asleep, having spent hours thinking about it.

Memory 5

She wakes up again. It is night, and the process repeats again. Her only thought is where the super seniors are. They maybe the last people she wants to see, but they are the only familiar people right now. The second, felt less painful than earlier. Her ass is this time able to accommodate the cock, and her gag reflex seems to have lessened.

This time they start to piss in her holes. She is forced to swallow as the man has his dick deep in her throat. It was the only way to not chock on the urine. After sometime she passes out again, as the men of the night carelessly fuck her unconscious body.

Memories Later

How long as it been? At this point Deepika has lost track of time. All the days and nights have blurred together. All she knows that in the day she's in a dark room, and during the night she is out on the streets. Eventually the pain has disappeared, and instead has been replaced with pleasure, but she hates the position she is in. Every time her legs felt numb, she would wiggle around, just to get circulation.

Not once has she seen the daylight. Her diet only consists of jizz, and piss. She has craving solid food for what fees like days. She has not seen the super seniors since that day. Since she got sober from her long trip, she has been feeling miserable. Every night, she ends up outside in this position to service more men. They never bothered feeding her, or giving her water. She drinks the urine out of necessity. She just wants to go back to Lengavi.

Suddenly the bright light from the sky blinds her, exposing her naked body to the outside world. She squints as a silhouette unties her, and covers her body with a cloth.

Soon enough she finds herself sitting in front of Zakir in a restaurant, fully clothed, and gorging on a big meal. He brought some spare clothes for her. He then takes her to a hotel, where Deepika is able to wash the entire gunk inside and on her body that accumulated throughout the days.

During this time Zakir falls asleep after spending 20 days and 20 nights looking for NRI. He got pissed after finding out they left her behind as soon as they got their medical license. He wanted to beat them, but knew he did not have much time.

He kept on searching each block, until he heard a rumour of a tied up girl with a western accent, where one can get a quick screw. The moment he heard it, he went to the area the previous night. Seeing her unconscious body being filled dicks, he figured there was no harm in fucking her mouth. After knowing she was safe, his concern disappeared the moment he started mouth fucking her. Instead, his lust took over, and combined with his hatred for her mother. He relished her struggles, as she had trouble taking down his cock. Seeing her in this state was the ultimate goal. To be seen as nothing but a fuck toy with no concern for her well being.

However it was too early for that to happen. Some people may hate her, but most find her ok. She does have a couple of friends. She still has people who will miss her. Plus there's too much evidence that can put him and his friends away. He had to take her back.

After he finished with her, he stuck around just to make sure no one had any funny ideas of taking her.

At dawn, one of the men covered her in a box to shield her from anyone who may dare help her out. Zakir waited for a couple more hours, to make sure no one else will return, and then pulled the box out. It didn't matter how much she has been used, only that she can come back to Lengavi.

Deepika pops out of the shower, drying her hair. She watches hero snooze, as she stands naked in front of him. Who knows how long he took to search for her. Out of the guys she hangs out with, he seems to be the only person who seems to care about her. If it weren't for him, she may have never been rescued.

She crawls on the bed, pulls out his dick and starts licking it like a lollipop. He wakes up to this pleasant surprise, and commands her to turn around so he can face her vagina. Deepika pauses as he sticks his tongue inside, and vigorously twirls around. As his penis hardens, she then takes it in her mouth and bobs up and down. She feels her pussy tingle after what felt like days. She may have orgasmed multiple times those days, but she never had time to recover so it felt painful. She wants to speak up, but he has been so nice to her, she does not have the heart.

Zakir however senses her apprehension, so he withdraws. Instead he asks her to turn around and bring her breasts to his face. She moans as his tongue circled around her left nipple. She keeps her hand behind to stroke his penis has he switched to the next nipple. He then started kissing her belly, which the sensation travelled towards her nether regions. He keeps on kissing her all over, except her privates, as she continues to stimulate his sex. She then comes close to his ears and whispers, "I am ready."

She wants his cock in him. Somehow the pain from the past has disappeared. He slowly inserts inside, as she feels her walls stretch. She does not tighten her walls. She feels safe. He starts off slowly, going in and out. Soon he quickens the speed, as she starts to moan. His penis felt more slippery as he continued on. Soon he grunts, as she screams. She feels his penis pump the sperm well inside her. They both collapse side by side, from exhaustion. They fall asleep on the bed, she covers herself with the comforter as the cold air from the A/C blasts on. It was the best sleep she had since she lassts remembers.

They leave the next morning, on his bike. They finally reach back Lengavi in the night, and he takes her upstairs. Before she goes inside the apartment, she kisses him, as he kisses back. As soon as he leaves she goes into her room. She strips naked, and falls onto her bed. After a long road trip, she passes out, having the second best sleep she had for goodness knows how long.

###

Before he left, Zakir calls Hridhya to go to Anuj's room. After he dropped off Deepika he then bangs on the door. Anuj barely opens the door, before Zakir shoves it open, breaking the chain.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!" Zakir shouts.

Hridhya was sitting on a chair frightened by Zakir's anger.

"What's the deal bro?"

"Why would you give that bitch away to those guys? You MORON!"

"Hey don't forget who paying for all this, madachot," Anuj warns him. "You don't want me to tell others what you are doing now right?"

Zakir rubs his forehead. This idiot still doesn't get it.

"Alright listen, you dumbass. Say she never comes back, the school will question why. They may send someone to her apartment, and find her room empty, and with all her closets locked. They will also find some paper with some sex rules, which they may just believe it is some sort of kinky shit, until they realize that this apartment is in YOUR name. Where do you think they'll first check?"

Anuj freezes. Hridhya decided to keep her passport and birth certificate inside Anuj's room. If the police find that, they may go into further questioning. Not even his dad could help get him out. He just stood silently.

"Yeah exactly," Zakir loudly exclaims. "Hridhya has her phone and laptop too, meaning that they may try to ask why she has that, and I have her other documents. Your stupid stunt could have gotten us all arrested!"

Anuj simply slouched on the couch realizing his mistake.

"I'm sorry, Zakir," Anuj replies. "I won't do it again. I shouldn't have acted so recklessly."

"At least she's back," Zakir said after calming down. "Dude eventually we will dump her, but we have to take this slowly. Tomorrow's Monday. Hridhya, I want you to be nice to her for a few days."

"Understood," she replies. The last thing she wants is to be nice to her. She also does not want to be expelled. "By the way, while you were gone, I got Madhavi and Prianka to flirt with Deepika on the phone."

"Really?" Zakir responds, sounding a bit impressed. "Keep doing your thing, until it gets physical and is recorded."

He then turns to Anuj.

"If you're gonna share that tart to others, make sure you know exactly where she is."

Anuj nods. He does not like Zakir's tone, but he knows his friend is right.

Zakir then heads back to his room. There, he tells his Aunt what happens on the mobile.

"Not to worry. I'll tell the school you came here for a family emergency. I can't guarantee you won't lose attendance, but let's hope for the best."

"Thanks Auntie Fatima," he sighs, feeling somewhat relieved.

She then continues on. "By the way, she was arrested again."

Zakir pinches his forehead at the news.

"What was it this time?" he asks. "Was it drug possession, prostitution, indecent exposure?"

"Thankfully it was just pick-pocketing," she replies. "I tried to get her to stay home this time, but she said that her 'big daddy' needs her on the streets. She jumped on to some stranger's car and left. I-I don't know what to feel."

Zakir does not say anything. He just simply hangs up, and goes through his Facebook pictures. He goes through the old pictures when he was little, and his family visited Fatima back in USA. There he also sees his cousin, with a big smile. She has just gotten into pre med at the time. Everyone came over to celebrate the moment.

Now she is just a drug addled whore. This only infuriated him, remembering who turned her to this.

"Mark my words Deepika," he said under his breath. "That will be you, and your mother will feel the humiliation her mother did."

