In Disneyland

Author: Trickle [2000-08-23 at 10:55) #68916

Hi, I’m new and have a story.

Allow me to introduce myself. I am a 6’5’’ blonde with tan skin, long legs and blue eyes. I love wearing short shorts and tight shirts to show off my best assets.

Yesterday, I had my first wetting accident, and I have never peed so much in my life!

Dressed in tight jean shorts and a black tube top with black tennis shoes, I was at Disneyland waiting in line to get on Splash Mountain.

It was a really hot day, and I had drank several sodas as well as visit the drinking fountain often. All that fluid was catching up on me. By the time I realized how badly I had to pee, I was already halfway up to the ride, and didn’t want get out of line and have to stand around for three hours again to get on (it was my first time ever being on the ride).

So I rocked from my toes to my heels, keeping my legs together whenever the line would stop moving. I could NOT stand still for more then two minutes at a time. Seriously! Every now and then, I would bend at the waist and touch my knees, but never dared to grab my crotch with all those people around. My butt muscles were clenched, my sphincter was clenched, and I felt like the slightest pressure on my stomach would cause me to start peeing uncontrollably.

As the line moved, I used the excuse to flex my butt-cheek muscles alternately; that helped a little. To the casual observer, it just looked like the natural movement of my ass as I walked stiffly.

When I finally got to the ride, I realized to my horror that I would have to sit with my legs apart. I debated with myself: Waste three hours of waiting to run to the bathroom and lose my place in line, or get on the ride and struggle through to the end.

I chose to get on the ride, and I felt a drip escape my peehole as I bent to sit down. I was right in the front, and mentally groaned when another person, a man shorter than I, sat down in front of me. Bouncing my legs slightly, I just gritted my teeth as the ride started. The guy sitting in front of me must have noticed my legs wiggling like crazy firehoses, because he glanced over his shoulder at me and asked, “Are you alright?”

“Fine. Just fine.” I muttered, trying to forget about my bladder.

The ride was going all nice and slow, but then the log stopped and started down a drop. I hadn’t expected that, and got so startled that I let out a long spurt. I could feel warm dampness under my butt.

I relaxed again, figuring that the ride had hit the only bump before the huge one at the end. Unfortunately, that wouldn’t be the case. There was another small drop somewhere, but it startled me just enough, and my bladder had taken enough pain.

Pee exploded from me with such force that I could see it squirting through my shorts. I just stared down at my crotch in a mix of almost orgasmic relief and total embarrassment as the dark stain spread across the front of my shorts. A puddle started to form under me, two dribbles running off either side of the seat I was straddling. The pee trickled around my legs and down to the floor, where it started travelling backwards and getting other people’s feet wet. Then I realized that I was totally soaking the person sitting in front of me, because his rear end was only an inch from my crotch. The back of his khaki colored pants showed a spreading stain from absorbing my pee. I started to cry as the stream continued until just after the long drop that signaled the end of the ride.

As soon as the log came to a stop, I got up before the guy in front of me did and the pee that had stayed in my shorts dribbled down my legs. I could hear a lot of wet shoes squishing around as other people got off the ride, and the guy that was in front of me finally got up and walked off. The butt part of his pants was soaked, and so was some of the back of his white shirt.

I was so embarrassed, so I went into the bathroom and sat crying in a stall for over half an hour. I spent the next several hours in wet shorts, and people kept giving me stares or weird looks. Some laughed and some smiled.

Well, that was my first ever pants-wetting accident. I hope you enjoyed it, because when I look back at it, I realize just how turned on it made me.
