Trip to the movie

Author: Fluidity (2001-11-22 at 10:19) #20223

Yesterday I went to see the Harry Potter movie. Despite lukewarm reviews it is a triumph. I loved it!

I saw it in the middle of the afternoon and it is a 2 hour 20 minute movie with lots of ads at the start, more than I've ever seen in a movie. My body is not used to going that long without a urination break. About 1.5 - 2 hours into it I was quite filled and uncomfortable. Fortunately I was able to simply suffer the pain and hold on. When the credits began I wanted to run to the loo but I was trapped in the middle of a big aisle. So I sat there while people around me (girls — why girls?) spoke of their need for a bathroom. Finally after several minutes of wanting to leave immediately I got up and went to the other end of the aisle where I only had to step over four people. Standing up and walking didn't make it more urgent but I was very much aware of this cannonball of urine that really badly wanted relieving.

There is only one bathroom in this theater where there are about eight different screens. They must time the shows so that several movies do not end at the same time or the bathrooms would be badly overloaded. I saw Harry Potter in the largest of the theaters so I expected a line. Both bathrooms have entrances down a 7 meter long narrow corridor. The women's loo line backs up and so the men have to walk to the left of the women's line and into our bathroom. One of the Mothers approached the line with her daughter and told her that the line moves quickly since there are lots of toilets; I'm not so sure about that; I hope the girl wasn't in too much of a hurry.

When I got to the Men's room there were urinals available but when I brought my little friend out he was locked tight. I feared that I would not be able to relieve my bladder at all but after about 15-20 seconds he began to dribble and then slowly stream. How I would have loved a firehose but it was not to be.

Since there were a lot of children in the theater there were naturally some instances of a Father with a daughter too young to send into the women's room by herself. I heard a little boy speaking to his Father as the Father walked up to the urinal. “She can't pee there, can she?”

“No. You both stay close to me.” At that point I had taken enough pressure off my bladder that I decided to stop. I could have stood there and streamed for several minutes. I thought that if I stopped, in 15 minutes I would be home and would have relaxed enough to empty more freely and easily.

After putting my little friend away and stepping away from the urinal I saw several urinals away a man peeing while his little daughter stood at his legs with her finger in her mouth looking around; her brother stood a few feet away. I don't know if the Father had already taken the girl into a stall so she could pee or if she did not have to, or it was one of those “Daddy first!!” moments. I didn't want to hang around and find out. Just one of life's little moments.

In the ten-fifteen minutes before I got to my apartment my three-quarters filled bladder was yelling at me again. I was able to empty easily as I had hoped. Felt wonderful.

That's all. No big drama.

