The Elevator
  Male Desperation
By Kristy (1997'07)

Sheena had just moved into a new apartment building. She was tall and  slender, green eyes and auburn hair. Jason had been watching her since  she had moved in and he wanted her incredibly bad. One night they met up  with some of their mutual friends, and just by coincidence got to meet  each other. Sheena thought

that Jason was gorgeous. He had black short hair, pale grey eyes and a  body to kill for. He quickly jumped at the opportunity to buy her a  margarita. They both had had about 3 shots and vodka, 2 beer and 1  margarita, the only time that Sheena had gone to the bathroom was at the  begining of the night, she did not feel that she had to go but she went  anyway because she wanted to leave very shortly. Jason had gone a couple  of times but still continued to drink beer. When Sheena said that she  was leaving, he quickly took the chance to go with her in a cab.  Although he already had to go pee, he didn't want to go and risk the  chance of her leaving without him.

During the cab ride home they talked while Jason grew a little more uncomfortable.They got into the building and into the elevator. He  lived on the 11th floor while she only lived on the 8th floor. A couple  of seconds after they had pushed the button, Jason opened another beer  and pounded it back. Suddenly they felt the elevator move and it pushed  them into each other and then a sudden stop. He was very drunk and had  to pee really bad at this point. Sheena pressed the alarm and the phone  started to ring, when she picked up, they told her that they were unsure  of why the elevator had stopped but assured her that they were in no  danger and that they should be out of there in a half hour to an hour.  When Sheena told Jason about this, he muttered under his breathe and  then told Sheena that he had to pee really bad.

She told him that he  would have to wait and they would be out of there in no time. He tried  squeezing his thighs together, trying not to look obvious because he  wanted to impress her. He knew that it would not help for long and that  he would have to squeeze soon. He got a bit closer to her and tried to  carry on a casual conversation about work, hoping that as he got closer  he would get an erection and it would distract him. He thought that  maybe he could hold on longer if they sat down, he was wearing blue  jeans so there was no way that he could wet himself without her knowing  and probably finding him repulsive. They sat down and she could tell  that he had to go quite bad.

She moved closer to him and kissed him  gently on the mouth. It didn't take long until he was fully erect. It  removed an incredible amount of pressure and he was able to concentrate  on her. She slowly rubbed his erection and he completly forgot that he  was loaded.  Suddenly the phone rang. He got up and  answered it. It was  the workers and they told him that they just about had them out. They  said it would really help if he tried to pull the doors open but to be  very careful. He handed Sheena the phone and went to the doors. He tried  to pry them open but since he was longer erect, he found it almost  impossible. Now he could not help himself, he had to pinch himself in  front of her. She noticed and tried to massage his buldge.

Suddenly she  hung up the phone and he could feel the doors slowly being pried open.  When they finally got out into the hall, they thanked the workers but  said that they had to get home right away.  They got to the stairs and  climbed 2 at a time. Jason was holding himself hard and knew that if he  didn't make it in 30 seconds, he would wet himself. When they finally  got to her floor, they ran to her door. As she tried to find her keys,  he begged her to hurry. She got them and thru open the door. They ran  inside and she brought him to her bathroom. He was undoing his pants on  the way and could feel a leak starting. He just made it to the toilet  and sighed a sigh of relief and he unloaded himself. When he was finally  done, She kissed him hard on the lips. I am sure you can imagine what  happened after that!

I just wanted to send you my fantasy, I would appreciate it if you did  not put my address up for people to reply to me, Thank you!  
