The Origins of Infinite Capacity-16

Author: Splashfics

16. Sun showers

One thing Chandra noticed about Jade was that no matter what was on her mind, whether she was happy or sad about anything at all, she was always a bundle of sunshine when she came to knock for her every morning. In fact, it threw her off when she broke the news the day after their ambitious attempt to transfer Chandra's gifts, that she had been for a 'big wee' before she left the house.

'I nearly wet the bed! I drank so much when I got back, but I woke up bursting and that's when I knew it didn't work... But it felt like I was weeing forever at least! ha ha... Always a nice way to start the day.’

Jade smiled happily as they made their way up the road. She didn't seem to have any misgivings or regrets about what she and Chandra had -nearly - done last night and she didn't mention it at all for the rest of the day. Chandra very much appreciated her discretion as she still hadn't come to terms with it herself. Surprisingly, even Carmela seemed to be keeping mum. She'd given the usual mind reading performance at the breakfast table, but other than that it was like she was trying to be as respectful as she could of her niece's privacy.

‘Pretending it didn't happen’ was apparently the way to go. May was around the corner and that meant lots of exams and lots of stress, so in all honesty, Chandra wouldn't really have room to spare in her busy mind for confused thoughts about her best friend - although that didn't stop her from having them...

The second years at Des Pretres discovered their A level timetables on the first weekday of the new month. Basking in the Monday afternoon sunshine, Chandra sat waiting for Jade at the top of the main steps and rose to meet her when she finally came out of the building in the midst of a tide of other students.

‘Hiya, Jade!’

‘Sorry about that, there were so many people checking their times. Have you already seen yours?’

Jade was all smiles as usual and Chandra beamed as they headed down towards the road.

‘Yeah, I had a look after lunch - You'll never guess when my last exam is...’

After a dramatic pause and with a grin on her face, Chandra revealed that her Sociology exam was on Wednesday the twenty-sixth.

‘Wait, isn't that?’

‘Yep.’

It was the date of the next full moon and Chandra couldn't think of a more cathartic way to celebrate the end of all her efforts than with another monumental wee. Casually, she floated her idea of how she thought it would be best to mark the occasion.

'I was thinking, since it’s a bit warmer now, we could go somewhere outdoors and not freeze this time, what do you think?’

Jade leapt into the air and bounced along the pavement.

‘Ohhh, that would be so cool!’

Evidently she was very much on board.

'I loved peeing outdoors that time, there was something so freeing about it... We can find a park or somewhere nice where there aren’t any people around.’

Chandra had to admit, she loved the way Jade would always get so excited about peeing. Before long, they'd arrived outside Carmela's front gate and Chandra instinctively headed toward the door, expecting Jade to follow her inside.

‘Do you want to come and help me fill up?’ she asked playfully, twirling around with a grin.

Jade's face was telling her 'yes', but then she frowned as she was struck with a thought.

‘Oh, crap. Actually, my mum wanted to talk to me about something. She told me to come home straight away today. But it shouldn't take long, so I'll come and knock once I'm done.’

‘That's okay with me!’ chirped Chandra and she headed inside on her own.

Carmela wasn't home yet, so Chandra quickly went to retrieve a jug from the kitchen and filled it, ready for another evening of excess beverages.

At around six, Chandra heard Carmela's key in the door and she peered through her bedroom window to see if there was any sign of Jade. It had been over an hour and she was hoping to have heard from her by now. Clearly Mrs Wen must've had a lot more to talk about than they thought.

‘Unless Jade’s been rubbing her magic ‘lamp’ again...’

But trying to keep herself occupied, for the time being, Chandra focused her mind on revision -and no end of glasses of water.

By ten lo clock though, it was clear Jade wasn't coming and after a bit of dinner, she said goodnight to Carmela and retired to bed...

The next morning, Chandra awoke eager to catch up with her neighbour. She could always count on Jade coming to knock for her every day and like clockwork, she left the kitchen table to go and open the front door when she did.

‘Good morning, Jade!’

Chandra smiled as she poked her head outside, expecting to find her sunny companion smiling back at her from the welcome mat. But today, for the first time, Jade stood there without a smile. Her face was as gloomy as Chandra had ever seen it first thing in the morning and she immediately knew something was wrong.

‘Jade? Are you alright?’

Chandra had a sneaky feeling that she'd been crying.

‘No, Chandra. My mum and dad gave me really bad news yesterday,’ she suddenly sobbed. ‘We're leaving and going abroad for Dad's work.’

The words hit Chandra hard and she stared at Jade, stunned.

‘But... What about your exams? Aren't you going to sit them?’ Chandra asked, although she wasn't in the slightest bit concerned about Jade's academic well-being.

'We're leaving right after I finish my exams - but I don't care about those stupid things! I...’

The corners of Jade's mouth dropped as her voice started to crack.

'I wanted to spend the summer in England... with you...!'

With that, the tears began to stream down Jade's face and Chandra had no choice but to usher her inside the house.

In all honesty, the news was crushing to Chandra, who had also privately been hoping to have Jade come and visit her back home over the summer, but now it seemed those plans of theirs were dashed... And at the sudden thought of facing her old foes again without the prospect of having Jade, Chandra felt a long forgotten pulse of sadness that threatened to set her off crying as well. But she did her best to comfort her weeping friend and wrapped her arms firmly around her heaving shoulders.

‘Please don't cry, Jade... It's not like we're going to stop being best friends... I promise we're going to stay in touch. And... And... We still have our last full moon together...’

Her words were an emotional push too far and Chandra felt something hot slip down her cheek. But she’d sparked enough hope in Jade for her to raise her head and force her quivering lips into a smile.

‘Yeah...’ Jade croaked, wiping at her soppy face.

‘Let's make it the most special one ever.’

Chandra sprouted a tearful grin in return and she squeezed Jade tight. At this rate they were going to be very late to college, but it mattered little to either of them now.

Three paltry weeks... It was gut-wrenching. Jade found out from her parents that they would have to be out of their house the very same week of her last exam, so she wouldn't even get to fully enjoy her final days without the stress of revision constantly harassing her. The prospect of the full moon hung over them like a double-edged sword... Its coming would mean an end to the daily grind of textbooks and tension, but at the same time, they knew there wouldn't be long left before the curtain would be brought down on their adventures together.

Since Chandra had discovered her neighbour was leaving, she'd realised more than ever how much Jade's friendship had given her. She was a woman revived and renewed of self-belief. The polar opposite of the timid young lady dwelling in the shadows of mean girls. Chandra was casting her own light these days and as much as she had to dedicate her time to reading up on case-studies and the like, she also wanted to enjoy every moment with her best friend and make them all count. Thankfully, Jade was equally keen and she was even more enthusiastic about making the most of every drop of liquid that passed Chandra's lips. Alongside the timetables they'd each drawn up to help them manage their revision, she helped Chandra draft one out for fully maximising her 'output' when the moment of truth arrived. Using what she knew from Biology - although her subject was something of a biological anomaly -Jade devised a way for Chandra to 'safely' skirt the boundary of over-hydration, by not over-taxing her kidneys: One litre on the hour, every hour she was awake...

‘That should do the trick!'

‘At this rate I’ll be able to hit the moon,’ joked Chandra. ‘Or put a hole in it!’

She and Jade laughed at each other from across the table in a cafe not far from college. Chandra had taken it upon herself to meet Jade for some lunch after she'd finished taking her first exam and spirits were running high.

‘Oh, could you imagine! It'd be like when I hit my ceiling...’

Jade recalled the moment, bashfully hiding her face from the other patrons in the room.

‘I'd probably get in a little bit more trouble though I think!' interjected Chandra.

But then with her face suddenly deadpan and in her most chilling voice, Jade looked up.

‘You didn’t see my mum...’

Chandra didn't have the sort of money to be able to enjoy lavish luncheons after every exam, but she and Jade made a bit of a habit of at least marking each one with a drink of something slightly more special than water... The days passed by in a flurry and finally they arrived at

Jade's final exam on Tuesday the twenty-fifth.

Escaping in a sea of other frazzled examinees, Jade certainly looked relieved when Chandra spotted her that afternoon.

'It's finally over...’ she remarked breathlessly as Chandra offered her congratulations.

Considering her own final exam wasn't until tomorrow, she knew they couldn't go all out in celebration, but Chandra was determined to do something special and offered to take Jade to the pub to buy her a ‘strong’ drink this time.

‘Oh but if you're not having one, then I don't want to drink on my own...’ Jade lamented as they made their way along the main road.

‘Maybe we can buy some and have it tomorrow when you're finished?’

‘Ah, that's a much better idea!’

Chandra's face lit up at Jade's suggestion.

‘What if we make it into a bit of a picnic? The weather's supposed to be really nice all evening, so we can go straight to the park and just go mad...’

Jade was extremely game and Chandra imagined what it would be like to get drunk with her. She wondered what might happen if they really did go mad and if somehow, something 'crazy' happened all over again... At least she could blame it on the alcohol this time, whatever happened...

‘And maybe, just maybe, it might even be nice..!' she thought, concealing a smile.

They hopped it over to Westmead and bought two cheap bottles of wine, then feeling a bit silly, picked up a packet of Swiss cheese, then some crater cakes and then a whole variety of other vaguely moon-related snacks to fill out their picnic hamper. Chandra thoroughly wished she could have spent the rest of the day larking about in and around the shopping centre, but eventually she had to call it a night if she wanted to be sharp for tomorrow morning's exam.

On the way back to Carmela's house, she ran over the day's itinerary with Jade one final time.

‘So I need to be in early for my first exam in the morning. I don't think I can get away with bringing booze into college, so I’ll leave these with you..?

She handed Jade the bottles of wine, which she tucked away inside her backpack.

‘Sociology is in the afternoon, which means I'm better off having lunch in the canteen and then maybe getting in some last minute revision while I can... Then once I'm finished at around... Five-ish I think, I'll meet you at the top of the steps and we can go straight to the park to wait for the moon to rise! Is that alright? You won't be too busy with packing or anything, will you?’

‘No, no. We're basically all packed!' Jade advised, now outside her front gate.

‘Actually I told my dad my last exam was on Friday, just so I can stay a bit longer...’

She grinned, but it was a sobering reminder of how little time they had. Chandra looked at her with a shade of concern in her eyes.

‘Really? Are you sure that's alright?’

'No, but don't worry about it!’ Jade replied, still grinning.

She shook her backpack and the bottles inside clinked noisily against each other.

‘Tomorrow's all that matters now.’

Chandra finally found her own grin.

‘See you tomorrow afternoon then!’ she said, heading towards her door.

‘Yeah, see you! And good luck!’

The next morning, with Jade presumably still tucked up in bed, Chandra had only the sun to accompany her as she stepped out of the house. Bona fide or not, it wasn't really the same and she glanced up at Jade's bedroom window for a moment before she went through the gate. All of a sudden she felt herself desperately wanting to fast-forward to five о clock and get the ball rolling on the festivities, but she had to try to stay focused and do justice to all the hours of hard work and revision she'd put in over the previous weeks and months. Once the first exam was under way though, Chandra was head down and pen down and she scratched away confidently at her answer sheet, blowing through the paper and leaving herself with stacks of time to double check her work - and perhaps let her mind wander a bit...

Looking around at the other examinees, it was clear nobody else had the same supernatural confidence in their bladder control as Chandra did and the almost empty two litre bottle of water she had sitting at her feet was very much testament to that. She'd noticed the invigilators eyeing her with apprehension every time she took a big swig, expecting her to put her hand up at any moment and ask to be excused to the toilet. But of course, Chandra was beyond such limitations and remained calmly in her seat throughout the duration of the exam. It was a shame she and Jade shared none of the same subjects, as Chandra was certain she would have loved to see the looks on their faces...

Going into the afternoon it was more of the same and after lunch, during which Chandra had dutifully refilled and emptied her bottle a couple more times, she headed into her final exam ready for business. Once more she was all guns blazing and completed the paper well ahead of time. Sitting there during that golden window, after she’d put her pen down and before she could leave the exam room, with the knowledge that she was definitively free and that the road lying before her was at last clear of obstacles, Chandra finally found herself having difficulty sitting still... Like a fore shock preceding an earthquake, the anticipation was turning her legs to jelly and her knickers to bikini bottoms.

‘Maybe!' she thought, crossing her legs under the desk, ‘I should ask to be excused after all...1

In the end, Chandra kept up appearances and sat tight until the invigilators had allowed everyone up from their seats. Careful to check she hadn't left anything behind after she leapt up, she quickly gathered her things and exited the hall.

The time was just after five and Jade would be waiting at the top of the steps, so Chandra hurried through the corridors, side-stepping the queue of girls impatiently waiting to get into the toilets and tapped herself through the barriers. The sun was still out and beating down hard on the steps outside of college, but Jade, once again, was nowhere to be seen.

‘Bloody hell, Jade. Your time keeping!' Chandra laughed, giving her friend the benefit of the doubt and sat down on the wall smiling stupidly at the thought of her rushing to get there.

Content to let her take her time, Chandra waited and watched the surge of noisy students filing out of the building and vicariously shared their joy at having completed the year. Shortly after them, the remaining stragglers she'd seen waiting for the toilets began to emerge and then a bit later the final dregs who liked to take their time came out one by one. But still no Jade.

‘What's taking you so long, girl?' Chandra wondered, pondering if she should wait a bit longer, or set off to try and meet her halfway.

After another twenty minutes had passed, Chandra made up her mind and decided to go looking for her absent friend. There really was no reason for her not to have already left the house, but Chandra ended up walking the entire route back home without bumping into Jade. Now she was beginning to worry and knocked at the Wens' front door. A minute passed with no response, so she knocked again, before pressing the doorbell.

‘Where the hell are you, Jade?'

Chandra wasn't ready to give up and peered through the letterbox to try and see if anybody was inside, though why they wouldn't be answering she had no idea. She couldn't make out anybody in there, but noticed she didn't see any boxes in the hallway, where there had been some a few days before. A nagging fear began to seep into her mind, but for the time being Chandra kept it at bay, not ready to even countenance the idea.

‘Come on, Jade... Please.. !' she repeated over and over in her head as she retraced her steps back to college in the desperate hope that somehow she'd missed Jade and she was actually waiting there.

But she wasn't... So Chandra walked to Westmead and checked all of their usual haunts one after the other, trying her hardest to spot the one face that just wouldn’t be seen... And finally she set her sights on her only remaining hope.

With barely a sliver of it left, she stiffly trudged to the park they'd planned on having their picnic.

Jade's absence was resounding as Chandra arrived at the secluded copse they'd decided would be the perfect shield from prying eyes and as much as she wanted to fall to her knees and start crying, a sudden, last hope flashed into her mind. Digging deep into her reserves, Chandra turned around and hurried back to Carmela's house as fast as she could.

‘Why didn't I think of this before?' she asked herself, despite how unlikely it seemed, but as soon as she burst through the front door, conveniently finding her startled aunt in the hallway, she knew just from her face when she asked, ‘Is Jade here?’ That she was not...

‘Sweetie, I thought you knew?’ Carmela finally said, her voice as tender as Chandra had ever heard it.

Staring at the ceiling with patent anguish, Chandra pursed her lips, fighting the urge to crack in front of Carmela.

‘Oh, darling... Sweetie...’

Carmela moved in swiftly to place a consoling arm around her niece and led her into the kitchen to sit down. She stepped out into the hallway for a brief moment, then returned holding an envelope in her hands.

‘Lin was over earlier. She asked me to pass this on to you...’

Like lightning, Chandra’s eyes were drawn to the piece of paper and she saw her name written on it. She immediately recognised Jade's handwriting and moved to receive it from Carmela, who turned to leave the room again.

‘I'll let you read it in private.’

Not wanting to waste any time, Chandra tore open the envelope at once, extracting a folded sheet of paper with more of Jade's untidy handwriting. Whenever Jade had written this, it looked like she'd written it in a hurry. 

---

Chandra i'm sorry, i'm so so sorry, i made a big mistake yesterday and now everything's ruined, it's all my fault and i couldn't even come over last night to tell you. i can't come to college to say goodbye to you either because my dad said i’ve caused him ‘enough trouble' and i've cost him hundreds of pounds by lying about my exam dates. He heard us talking yesterday chandra... i'm so sorry, i'm an idiot, i tried to call you from my window this morning when i heard your gate, but you'd already turned around and now i'm writing this hoping that you come back before we have to leave since my dad already called the landlord last night and told him we were going to move out as soon as possible today so he can get his money back, please forgive me

Chandra, i didn't mean to ruin today, please write back to me as soon as you can. i don't know our new address yet and i can't use the computer for a few days but i actually have an email address so please write so we can stay in touch, i'm really going to miss you. you're the best friend i've ever had and i'm so glad we could be neighbours, i'm sorry about the wine and the food we bought, please go ahead and eat without me and have a fun time with the moon tonight. I'll definitely come back and i promise we'll have fun together again, just don't forget me in the meantime.

Lots of love, jade xxxxxxxx

---

It was as if Chandra could hear Jade's rambling voice inside her head. On the verge of tears and not wanting to be seen, or to see anyone, she hurried upstairs as quickly as she could.

Chandra cried for hours that night. She cried so long and was so miserable that she didn't even notice the moon creeping up behind her through the window curtains. The desperation collided like a sucker punch reminder of the night that should have been. At first she held it at bay for as long as she was able, aware that Carmela was at home and well within earshot. But eventually, too dejected to continue hiding and with no desire to leave the house, she gave up and hobbled downstairs to the toilet.

‘What's the point anyway..!'

And so Chandra's pee, like her tears, flowed long into the night. With all the litres she'd consumed over the weeks, it was far and away the longest and most copious torrent she had ever produced, but any pleasure she felt was enfeebled in the absence of Jade.

Carmela, for the second time in her life, was made to witness the unworldly might and length of one of her niece's pees and she tried desperately to ignore the booming reverberations as they penetrated all throughout the house. But ultimately, after an hour of climbing the walls and pulling out her hair, she was forced to flee. And in the end Chandra's epic waterworks kept her outside for over two hours, smashing every record previously set.

To her credit though and Chandra's appreciation, when Carmela eventually returned and met her blotchy faced niece some time later in the kitchen, she made as though she hadn't heard a thing. And life duly went on.
