Aunt Linda's Bladder - Part 1

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

My Aunt Linda was one of those rare people blessed with a huge, iron bladder. A giant iron tankard is probably closer to the truth, though how she hid it on her otherwise slim frame always remained a mystery to me. Often she and her son and daughter would visit my parents and me, and invariably when I was talking to Dan and Caitlyn, my cousins, the conversation would drift to the state of Aunty Linda’s bladder. The three of us, probably being no more than the earliest of teens at the time, would always be absolutely fascinated with Aunt Linda’s “superpower” as we called it, her ability to sit and talk for hours, without a single trip to the bathroom.

Of course, my mother would make sure her sister always had some sort of coffee or beverage in hand, or some wine or even hard vodka in the evening, making Aunt Linda’s feat all the more impressive. Being as young as we were, the mere thought of going more than a few hours without a bladder-draining tinkle was agony. On a few occasions, normally after hours upon hours and vast quantities of coffee, tea, and liquor, Aunt Linda would excuse herself to make use of our facilities. In such rare instances, Dan, Caitlyn, and I would try and bring our playing and talking to that spot in the hall directly in front of the bathroom door.

That way we could best monitor the copious gush falling into the toilet for minutes on end. Every time we marveled at how much longer Aunt Linda seemed to “go” for than us. In fact, we were wholly convinced that Aunty Linda could easily out-pee the three of us combined. Even more impressive was the fact that she never seemed to get the slightest bit desperate to pee. No crossed legs, furrowed brow, shifting of position, certainly no pee dancing. In short, she did none of the things which we three cousins were accustomed to someone doing when holding such large quantities of urine within a stretched and aching bladder.

When I inquired, Dan and Caitlyn said that seeing their mom even just uncomfortable and visibly needing to relieve herself was something that had taken place, to their knowledge and memory, so rarely that they could be counted on one hand. And this was coming from the two people who spent every day with her! I spent evenings upon evenings just imagining how long Aunt Linda would pee for if she was truly desperate, and exactly how much pee her bladder could contain before reaching its limit and absolutely needing to expel something. I had just discovered masturbation at this age, and this scenario caused many a dirty sheet in the late-night hours.

There is one memory I have of Aunt Linda that stands out above all the rest. One day Dan, Caitlyn, and Aunt Linda came over as usual, around noon. Right away, I could tell something was up by the expressions on Dan and Caitlyn’s faces. “What’s up?” I asked them. They forced themselves to wait until all of our parents were out of earshot, then confided in me that they were expecting an awesome performance later tonight. “What kind of performance?” I asked, a bit slow on this day.

“We think mom’s really gonna have to ‘go’ tonight, especially if she waits as long as normal. You may finally get to see her desperate!” Dan whispered excitedly. I asked them how they could be so sure. “Well,” Caitlyn said breathlessly, “she took a huge piss before heading out to some clubs with her girlfriends last night, maybe like around 9, and you know she always holds it when she’s out. So she comes back really late, and she staggered straight to bed, so you know she drank a ton of beers and shots, and no before-bed pee. Then she wakes up today and gets ready to come over here, and she still hasn’t gone! Dan and I made sure to keep tabs on the bathroom. She’s building up a real gusher in there!” Caitlyn finished, motioning to her own bladder area for added effect.

With giddy anticipation, the three of us watched Aunt Linda and my parents have lunch out on the deck. My mom had prepared some sandwiches and fresh lemonade, and we looked on in awe as Aunt Linda took it upon herself to drink nearly the whole pitcher of lemonade! “She’s gotta have an ocean in there,” Caitlyn remarked. We were all expecting Aunt Linda to make a break for the bathroom immediately after lunch, but of course that wouldn’t make this my most memorable experience.

No, she held it in and continued to chat away with my parents for hours. Finally, around 4 pm, they came inside, and we assumed our usual position by the bathroom door. Thwarted again, as Aunt Linda bypassed the toilet and sat herself down on the sofa to watch a movie with my parents. Dan, Caitlyn, and I stayed vigilant, and sure enough, by 6 pm, with the movie nearly done, Dan noticed that Aunt Linda had crossed her legs. It wasn’t much, but it was more than I’d ever seen from her, and I couldn’t help but feel myself becoming erect in my baggy khaki shorts.

My mother served dinner in the living room following the movie, and Aunt Linda accepted her tall glass of water graciously with her meal. She had sipped it down in no time, and my mom was ready with a refill. Then the three of them went back to talking while the three of us shook our heads in surprise that Aunt Linda was containing her bowling ball sized bladder even longer. Of course all that talking required loads of tea, and we watched Aunt Linda drink no less than 7 cups of tea while engrossed in conversation. Her posture was becoming more rigid, we noticed, but still she sat and talked, maintaining precision control over her enormous and sure to be bursting bladder.

Finally, around 10 pm, after 2 shots of vodka, Aunt Linda decided it was time to leave. She hugged my parents, grabbed her coat, and made her way (finally!!!) to the bathroom. Dan, Caitlyn, and I began to hold our breath in anticipation of the giant splatter we would soon hear, but just then, my dad made a comment about desperately needing the bathroom, and he rushed in ahead of Aunt Linda! I saw her draw in a sharp hiss of breath at this new obstacle to relief, and she seemed to cradle her bursting bladder in her hands for a second. I looked closer and could clearly see the bulge in her abdomen, her dress pulled taut against it.

Aunt Linda seemed to consider her predicament for a moment, looking longingly at the bathroom door which led to instant relief from the built up pressure against her sphincter, then decided it was not too much to handle, and she thanked my mom for the nice day once again and began leading Dan and Caitlyn to the door. No! This could not be happening! Aunt Linda was mere seconds away from releasing the biggest gusher I’d ever heard, enough of a memory to keep my nights eventful for months on end, and now I was going to miss it?! It couldn’t be! I needed to be there for this. “Mom!” I cried suddenly, Aunt Linda halfway out the door, “can I sleep over at Aunt Linda’s?? Pleaaaase??” I gave her my best puppy dog eyes, and thankfully they did not fail me on this day. My mom gave in quickly and called to her sister, “Is that alright with you?”

“Yes, yes,” came the reply, “Just hurry up, I really need to use the bathroom!” I felt like I was walking on clouds as I went to catch up with my full-bladdered aunt. And she had admitted her need! Nothing could be better….well, until we returned to Aunt Linda’s house, that is, I reminded myself. I tried to keep my breathing normal as we piled into Aunt Linda’s van.

It was only a 30 minute drive, but the entire way Aunt Linda was rocking in her seat and making comments about how full her bladder was. “Why, I don’t think I’ve ever needed to pee this badly! I haven’t gone even once since last night, isn’t that wild?” The three of us occupying the back of the van couldn’t agree fast enough about how wild the situation had become. “Oh my gosh, she never talks about it! She’s gotta be bursting so badly!” Caitlyn hissed. Dan and I nodded, and Dan added “She hasn’t gone in over 25 hours!” We were all shaking from adrenaline, and Aunt Linda was shaking for a much more unladylike reason.

When we got back, Aunt Linda slowly and shakily made her way out of the driver’s seat, now openly holding her super-inflated bladder. Dan, Caitlyn, and I ran inside as Aunt Linda gingerly made her way through the doorway. Quickly, we tried to formulate a plan to keep her from going a little longer. “Aunty, can you give me a tour of the house?” I asked, stepping in front of her as she tried to reach the sanctuary of her bathroom.

“Oh…but honey, you’ve been here before, surely you don’t need one….and in any case, I’ve really got to…” She responded, gesturing at the bathroom mere feet from her, but just then Dan and Caitlyn began to shout “Tour! Tour! Tour!” Later they would admit it was a bit juvenile of them, but we were pulling out all the stops at this point to make this impending gusher as big and loud as possible! Aunt Linda sighed. “Alright,” she said, “if I give you a quick tour, will you let me go to the bathroom? I really need to let all this out of me!” We all nodded our agreement, anxious to see Aunt Linda lose her composure and pee dance through a “tour” of the house.

“Here…we have the kitchen,” she began, hobbling over to the kitchen, then waving her arms in an effort to show it off, and also possibly in an effort to distract us from her legs, which were bunched together and shifting from side to side as she fought to hold her pee just a little longer. She began to make her way to the living room, but had to stop to grab herself. “Ahhh…can’t have that, no, no, must keep it in….” Aunt Linda shuffled forward even slower as reached the living room. “And here we have….we have…ahhhh!”

Suddenly Aunt Linda doubled over, holding herself with both hands. Her legs were crossed over one another and still shaking. Aunt Linda lifted her face to look at us and I noticed it was turning red with the strain of holding her mammoth bladder shut against the impending flood. Her sphincter was quivering, doing all it could to maintain her dignity against this unbelievable pressure. She held her iron sphincter shut against the tides for a few more seconds, but the pressure was too much even for her. “I simply must go!” she cried, breaking out into a hobbling sprint for the bathroom. Aunt Linda moaned as more bladder spasms wracked her body, and she positively flung herself into the bathroom, not bothering to shut the door.

While not brave enough to actually venture into the doorway to see her, the three of us stood just outside, now being able to hear her pent up gusher distinctly, with no interference from the door. What we heard was incredible! “Oooooooooh!” Aunt Linda shouted in relief, her bladder finally succumbing to its huge load of piss after over 25 and a half hours. The splatter of the pressurized jet of pee hitting the toilet bowl sounded like the combination of a rainstorm and a rocket lifting off. Aunt Linda continued to moan with pleasure as the piss streamed out of her. After one minute, her flow rate was not decreasing, but was increasing if anything, as she bore down on her bladder to rid herself of that torturous pee as quickly as she could.

It was as if she couldn’t bear to feel it for another second. Dan, Caitlyn, and I were frozen from shock as she continued to pee and pee. After what seemed like an eternity, but was probably just a good four or five minutes, Aunt Linda’s stream finally came to a halt, and we all raced away from the door before we could be discovered. Not that that was really an issue, as I think Aunt Linda sat on that toilet for a while longer regaining some semblance of composure. And you can be sure, I’ve kept that whole memory firmly planted in my head for some time now, with no plans of forgetting just what happened on that fateful night, when Aunt Linda’s iron bladder was finally stretched to its limit!

