The Discovery

Author: Terri, July 1994

The excitement had been building for a whole week, ever since she found the magazine that had been left by mistake in her post box. Too embarrassed to return it to the rightful owner, she threw it away three times and retrieved it each time from the kitchen garbage can. Finally, her curiosity won out and she pulled down the shades, dimmed the lights and tore the brown wrapping from the magazine. She took a deep breath and slowly opened it to the first page. She blushed as she read what was in the magazine and then she looked around quickly before remembering she was home alone. She turned to the second page and began reading the stories, her face flushed with embarrassment.

The opening story was about a couple on their first holiday. After many hours of flying, they arrived at their hotel room and found it covered in mirrors. Everywhere they turned they saw themselves cloned dozens of times. They drank a beer to refresh themselves and began kissing. The kissing lead to touching and soon they were both naked and writhing on the bed. The woman in the story positioned herself above the man's cock and let loose a torrent of piss, splashing it over the man's cock and pubic hair. Part of the piss flowed up toward his chest and part of it flowed down to his ass. He fondled her breasts and stroked her clit as she pissed and this brought her to a screaming orgasm.

As her piss slowed to a trickle, she moved up the man's body to his mouth and he drank from her, diving in again and again with his tongue to lap up her juices. They watched one another, both voyeur and exhibitionist, as the mirrored walls reflected back their love making. The man got up on his knees as the woman crawled under him and he licked her body, stopping to suck on each nipple, before moving down to her pussy. He then proceeded to lick the piss from her, probing her, sucking her clit, until she orgasmed again and again. He penetrated her, his cock hard and pulsing, and he rocked into her until his breath was short, his balls were tight and his orgasm was impending.

Then he pounded her, pushing his cock in as deep as it would go, battering her cunt with his cock until they exploded simultaneously. He lay atop her, their hearts beating as one and she gasped as she felt the warm fluid filling her. He was pissing in her pussy and she liked it! It ended with the man putting his mouth to the woman's pussy and sucking out his own piss and cum until she orgasmed again.

"Ooooh, gross!" she thought to herself after finishing the story, but she kept on reading. She couldn't believe the stories, had never heard of such a thing as piss play, and she vowed to throw the magazine away again. But she couldn't stop, didn't want to stop, and so she turned the page to the next story.

This one was written by the coach of an Olympic figure skater. He had begun training the skater when she was but a child, and had grown quite fond of her. The skater was now 23 and preparing for her 2nd Olympics. Hour after grueling hour of training had brought the coach and his olympian together, and as the years passed, they became close friends and confidantes. Lately, as the two of them worked, sweated, prepared for victory, there seemed to be something else between them, an electrical charge that crackled right under the surface of their friendship. On this day, the skating rink was empty except for the two of them, and the skater was warming up. The coach talked to her constantly, encouraging her, watching her every move. She was graceful, her fingers long and delicate on strong, feminine arms.

She held her head high and her athletic thighs pulsed with every stroke of her skates. Her warm-up costume was pale blue with matching tights, a contrast to her sapphire eyes, and her skates were white. She wore her long chestnut hair in a loose chignon, held in place by one pearl comb. She was beauty in motion and the coach stared relentlessly as she finished her warm up routine. He loved her. Their eyes met as she skated towards him, her breath coming in heavy puffs of frost, and he could see her nipples outlined by her costume. He tried not to look but his eyes were drawn back to her, her cheeks rosy from the cold, and his blood flowed rapidly into his penis causing his pants to bend into a small tent. He turned away embarrassed, the color of his cheeks rising to meet hers, and then her hands were upon him. She touched his shoulders, his back, and her breath warmed the back of his neck.

A moment passed and he turned, finding her lips an inch away from his. He wanted to kiss her but dared not. He was her coach, her mentor, and he carried with him a secret too great to reveal. Yet when she moved closer to him he was unable to pull away, not that he really wanted to. She touched his lips with hers, a gentle kiss, and at first he was too shocked to respond. Her kisses became hungrier, more fervent, and when she put her arms about him, pulling him closer, he responded in kind, kissing her, allowing her tongue to explore him. He encircled her waist and she moved her hips toward him, gasping as his erection struggled in the confines of his pants. He broke free from her kisses, his eyes questioning hers, and she nodded to him. This time he kissed her, his tongue circling in her mouth.

He was afraid of his need, and he tried to forget. She took his hand and inhaled quickly as she placed it on her breast, her nipples now as diamonds in her costume, as her other hand reached for his erection. Stroking him feverishly, she gasped and took to the ice, looking over her shoulder in invitation to him. He followed her, foolishly trying to run on the ice, his shoes inadequate for the job, and he fell flat, sprawled out. She raced over to him laughing and he smiled up at her, now standing directly over him, one gleaming white skate on each side of his head. Without words she told him she knew, and appreciated, his secret. As he stared into her crotch high above his face, he noticed the faintest darkening of the light blue material.

The stain spread slowly, a bit at a time, and as he realized what she was doing for him, the first droplets ran down her legs into her skates. He got to his knees, kneeling in front of this woman he loved, and watched as, with her hands on her hips, her head thrown back in ecstacy, she dripped slow, purposeful droplets of piss. He watched amazed as she controlled the flow, and then he stood and hugged her tightly, kissing her tenderly as she pushed her hips forward and rubbed against him. With a shudder she released her bladder fully, the hot piss splashing onto his crotch and soaking him. Steam rose and as he was engulfed in the scent of her musk mingled with her piss, he climaxed into his pants, pushing himself between her legs until she too screamed out in orgasm. The story ended with the coach and his pupil heading for the shower, with hopes of exploring further their own special kind of shower.

The room was hot now, after reading this story, and she got up to drink a glass of ice water. She had to get out of the house, away from this magazine. There was a familiar tingling between her legs, a feeling she didn't want to have as a result of reading about golden showers, and her nipples were betraying her by straining against her bra and showing through her blouse. She walked out of the house and headed for the park, each step pulling her tight jeans even tighter into her crotch. She walked and walked, trying to clear her head of the stories she had read, another blush creeping up to warm her cheeks as she remembered how aroused she had become. The park was deserted when she got there, except for one young fellow reading a sports magazine.

She sat on the bench opposite him and breathed deeply, looking around, thinking about anything and everything but the stories, yet they kept coming back and soon she found herself imagining she was the woman on holiday, raised up over her lover as her piss flowed down onto his erect cock. Finally it was she who was the ice skater, pissing for her coach. At this memory she gasped audibly and the fellow dropped his magazine. She jumped up to help him retrieve it but he grabbed it up quickly, his face turning bright red. As he tried to recover himself, she noticed that the outside was a sports magazine, but on the inside was the magazine she had just left at home. She smiled, looking down at him, and he rose to leave. "No, stay....please" she told him, and he looked at her curiously.

She nodded her assent and he took his place back on the bench. He was facing her, a question in his eyes, and she stood before him, hands on hips, legs spread slightly, and in a moment he saw the dark stain appear and then spread over the crotch of her jeans. She held her head back as she thrust her hips forward and felt the warmth filling her, her panties absorbing some of her warm golden fluid, while the rest spilled over into her jeans, drop by precious drop.

The feeling was exquisite and she was compelled to touch her breasts, the nipples bursting with pleasure, when she remembered where she was. She looked down and her admirer was no longer blushing, his erection evidence of his desire. She moved toward him and straddled his legs. As he pushed his hips upward their crotches met and she drenched him with her remaining piss. They kissed tenderly and when sated, she took him by the hand to lead him home. As he stood to follow she turned and with a wink said, "Don't forget your magazine."

