Deepika's College Life Ch. 06
	Deepika is taken advantage of in the hotel with strangers.
Author: sin138

This is a continuation of the degradation of an NRI Deepika, while in India. To fully enjoy the story, read from "Deepika's college life, chapter 1-2." At some point in this story there is some mild watersports play, albeit it does not take over most of the story. Whenever any character is not speaking in English, it will be in italics within the quotations. If it's just Italics alone, then it will be a phone message. Everyone involved in any sexual activity is at least 18 years old. I hope you enjoy the story.

Chapter 5 – Deepika Night in a Hotel

Gang Bang in a Seedy Hotel

"Sup guys," Rupesh greeted everyone outside the hotel, locking his eyes at the very naked Deepika. She rode behind Amhit's bike in just her heels from the beach, with the vibrations from the bike heating up her loins. Not helping is the fact that Deepika is pretty drunk from the time at the bar, and the vodka being absorbed through her vagine. Due to the late hours, and the fact the road is not filled with cops, they were able to get away with it. The hotel was not much to look at. It was mostly concrete, and the sign looks like it was missing letters.

"Deepika has to stay out until we know these guys can let her in," Rupesh explained. "I'll tell you guys if it's possible."

"I'll come too," Zakir offered. "I'll pay for the rooms.You guys keep her company."

As the two entered the room, the others got close to the naked girl. Deepika felt a little heat between her legs from the ride to the hostel. She was resisting the urge to rub it out in front of those guys. Amit gave Deepika her ringing phone. It was from Priya. Deepika lied to her saying she was staying over at a senior's house. As bad as she felt for lying, it was a better alternative then explaining why she is naked with 5 openly deplorable college mates with the intent to get fucked.

"Guys you can come in!" Rupesh yelled.

Everyone went inside where the receptionist and the busboy are present. Both were leering at the suddenly, self conscious Deepika. Feeling everybody's gaze, she covered her breasts with one hand, and her vagina with her other. This however proved pointless, as her hand over her snatch started rubbing it much to everyone's delight. She was sober enough to know it was wrong, but wasted enough to enjoy the attention.

"These guys are not only ok with having Deepika stay here, but they also are willing to give a spare room for her free of cost," Rupesh explained. "There are just some conditions."

Nobody was surprised that there would be a catch.

"They are still charging us for our room guys, so pay up," Rupesh chuckled. "They also require ID from one of us to keep as records, but Zakir is offering his passport."

Zakir smirked at Rupesh's statement.

"As for you," he then turned to Deepika. "After you are done with us, you must come down as you are to pick up the key to your room. They would like to get to know you, before they trust you with the room."

He laughed, as he took the naked teen away from the guys. He face then turned serious as he whispered in her ears.

"Look these guys don't know English. They also showed us some, well, interesting porn on their phone. Nothing unusual, that is we also fap to this material. It's just that they expect you to be doing it too."

"Does it involve cocks?" the giggling drunk girl asked.

"Well yeah," he laughed. "Remember how you drank our jizz from a glass? Imagine a slightly more extreme version of that. Also they are planning on drinking lots of beers before they meet you. They have some ideas on how to drain themselves. If you are against it, just tell us. We'll find some other way."

"It's cool yo," Deepika replied. "Tonight's the night I get penis!"

"Great to hear," Rupesh laughed, while seemingly confused. He figured she must have drank a lot when they were gone, which would explain her rant at the beach. He yelled across the room to the local workers, who appeared happy at the news.

As soon as they got the keys, they all went up to one of the rooms. The bus boy brought 5 towels up to the room, in which a make out session with Deepika was the tip. Anuj opened up his computer. Deepika was directed towards the centre of the bed, with her legs spread open. She felt a cold cream over her legs, noticing Amhit massaging some moisturizer over her left leg, and Rupesh on her right leg. She felt a sense of nervousness around these guys, yet a sense of arousal at the same time. The hands of the two boys inched up her legs close to her hip, as the Zakir and Abhishek approached perky tits, and circling their tongues around her nipples. Deepika felt the energy flow from the guys, through her body. She does not know what came over her but she unzipped each guy around her and started stroking 2 dicks while being stimulated by the 4 horny college boys.

Screams were heard from the videos. Women on the computer were moaning in pleasure, making Deepika feel aroused even more, as others caressed her. Anuj joined the gang by sticking his penis in her mouth, which she suddenly accepts. What was happening to her? Before she would have reluctantly accepted, but this time, she just lets them do what they wish. Was it the drinks or that this crazy night made her that horny? It could also be the fact that maybe, deep down, she really wanted it, and that night in the beach got her a chance to open up about it.

Her thought however got distracted as her mouth was opened to accept some rum, from Rupesh's oral cavity. The other 4 guys took turn transferring their drinks in to her mouth, making her lose whatever inhibitions she had left.

"Hey Deepika," one of their voices called to her. At this point, she doesn't know. "We're ready to fuck your brains out. Say nothing if you want that."

After a few seconds, she feels her legs being lifted up. She then notices a fleshy rod entering inside her. There was little friction between her and the penis going in. It was just enough for her to feel the pleasure of true lust.

"Don't cum in her Amhit. I don't think she's on the pill yet."

"Fuck, then what should we do?"

"Do it on her face. Not like we r gonna kiss her."

Before she could react to what they were saying, she felt something vibrating along her breasts. It stayed more on her nipples. The frequency from the dildo pulsed from her breasts, and towards her currently in use snatch. It was at this point it did not matter what people would think of her. She loved the attention, and the feeling of raw passion. Even if it meant being used like a sex doll.

Warm liquid landed on her tummy. She was disappointed she did not get an orgasm like the first person, until the next person replaced the former person's dick in her vagina. Anuj started fucking her mouth faster. Eventually he released his dick out of her mouth to squirt over her pretty face.

"Clean the tip off with your tongue bitch."

She stuck out her tongue, and licked up any residue on his tip. Anuj retracted the foreskin, to help her get to the hard to reach spots.

"Thanks slut. Guys, I'm gonna take a shower in the next room and pass out. It's midnight."

Everyone wished Anuj, except for Deepika, who then had another dick enter her mouth.

"Smile!"

Without knowing who said it, she stupidly smiled, as much as she could with a cock in her mouth. Someone took a picture of her happily sucking one of the guy's dick. Eventually, the second dick, inside her pussy, went out to jizz on her left leg this time. He too wished everyone good night and left the room. Deepika recognized the voice to be Abhishek.

She then realized it was Zakir's dick which was in her mouth, as he started speaking to her in Hindi. Deepika assumed he is just saying dirty talk. What Zakir is saying is quite worse.

"Well slut, It's just Rupesh and me. Amhit is in the shower, and the other are gonna sleep. I'm surprised you didn't report your passport and OCI card being stolen yet. You must be really stupid to not finding it. Don't worry though. It's in safe hands downstairs."

Zakir laughed at the stupid bimbo, knowing that she's just smiling like a whore at the news.

"When they asked for proof of id to keep downstairs, there's no way in hell I trust mine to those sleazebags. Luckily I had yours, and figured if you're not that bothered looking for it, let the owners keep it, till we check out. I just hope you give them good reason to give it back to me. It's not my fault, if you decide to not put out, and they feel the need to keep it to themselves."

"Yo bitch, I don't speak Hindi, yaar."

"Yeah, well I'm more comfortable speaking Hindi, you cocksuck-uuuugh!!"

He released his load inside her mouth, in which she swallowed it all.

"Fuuuck man," he exclaimed. "Rupesh, if you wanna come in her twat, go ahead."

"But you said she's not on the pill."

"So what," he laughed. "She can get an abortion. Besides, I'm pretty sure those guys downstairs will cream in her too. Less chance of you being the daddy, choot."

Rupesh was reluctant, but the idea of his seed in her however was too much for him. He ended up jizzing deep in her pussy, along the same time Deepika also releasd her inner pleasure. Zakir, pulled Deepika out from the bed, and helped put her heels on. Rupesh noticed Deepika swaying side to side.

"Um, should we help her downstairs?"

"Naw don't worry, I called the bus boy. He'll pick her up."

"Cool," Rupesh replied. "After Amhit's done, I'll take a shower."

KNOCK! KNOCK!

Zakir opened the door, revealing the bus boy to pick up the naked, drunk teenager. Zakir whispered in Deepika's ear, before she was sent downstairs.

"Remember Deepika," he whispered. "Whatever they want, you do it. If you have any doubt on whether you should do what they say, you remove that doubt. We have your phone, for safe keeping, so don't bother checking with us. Besides its 1am now, so we'll be asleep. They don't speak English, so it's easier if you just go with the flow. The word 'no' should not even be in your head. They were kind enough to give you a free room, so you should thank them with even more kindness. Understand?"

"Yes," Deepika replied drunkenly.

"Good," he smiled. "Bhai, you all have her for the rest of the night. Anything goes, except for physical pain. If she disobeys to anything else, you can keep her passport. I repeat. Anything goes. Just make sure she's in her room by the morning, and not in pain."

"Thank you sir," the busboy replied, smiling. He took hold of Deepika by her twat, and dragged her outside of the room, with both Rupesh and Zakir laughing at the site. As they reached the stair case, he helped go down the stairs towards the reception.

She was greeted to leers, and groping by the workers downstairs. One had a camera recording the whole thing. They all were speaking in Kannada about what to do to the clearly drunk and clueless student. Every hand on her naked body sent a shock through her body. With her inhibitions off, she not only allowed the hands to explore her body, but she also moaned at the touch. She heard them chatter away, not knowing who is who.

"Damn, she is much prettier than the hookers we bring to the hotel."

"I know, and the part we can actually try out the stuff they show on the net."

"I know that North Indian said we can do whatever we want, but is she ok with it?"

"She's an NRI, brother. You've seen what western women do on the net?"

"Yeah, all they do is get naked and film themselves fucking. They take cum like candy."

"Brother, I have to stick it in her badly."

"Hold on, this is our one chance with someone this hot. Archith, drive to Mama Suresh and get a hooker for the NRI to play with."

"Why are we buying a hooker??"

"We don't have to fuck her. I told you it's for this NRI slut."

Deepika was being pushed towards a bathroom, where one of them started rubbing her body with soap. Someone had to clean the sperm off her. They paid much more attention inside her pussy, and on her breasts. While that was going on the two men kept arguing about a second girl.

"I didn't mean that," one of them replied back. "Why pay for a hooker, when we can use this slut instead. Mama Suresh will definitely want to take a ride on a hot NRI."

"Sir," Archith intervened. "I only have space for one person on my scootie."

"Take the NRI with you. While Suresh has fun with her, you can pick up any prostitute of your choice. Go back after you drop her off here, and pick up the NRI."

She was being dried off while this discussion is still going.

"Would that be enough?"

"Take some cash just in case, but don't give him any unless he asks for it. If it's still not enough, lend him her passport, and her mobile number. The North Indian gave hers for our record. I'm sure Suresh can have fun with this information."

"Would she be ok with it?" Archith asked.

"You seriously care for some naked slut?"

"Of course not," Archith replied."I just don't want us to get arrested."

"At the state she's in, I don't think she'll remember anything. If she does and wants to fuck with us, we just have to remind her that we can release the pictures and videos of her frolicking around butt naked. Nobody can blame us for being who are with a tease like that."

They all agreed, while getting Deepika in her heels. Before she knew it, she was outside again, with the busboy. They got her on his scooter, while he hopped on.

"Wait guys," she asked. "Where are we going?"

"What is she saying?"

"Who cares," one of them replied. "By the way, if the police catches you, bribe them. I'm sure they wouldn't mind the view tho."

With that, Archith, the busboy, sped on his bike. Deepika, caught off-guard, grabbed Archith around his waist. He smiled at the breasts squeezing against his back. They stopped at a hut, and got off.

They entered in to the place where an old man was sitting with some young girls.

"Namaskarum Mama," Archith greeted. "We are interested in purchasing one of your grand daughters for tonight."

"Who is this devine flower?"Mama Suresh asked, staring at the naked NRI.

"She is an NRI from the Lengavi Medical College,"Archith explained."She has come like this to our hotel, to have some Indian love, but she wants a girl to share it with. She doesn't speak Kannada sir, so I am speaking for her. We understand that you will only have sex with women who are not related to you. I doubt many have come to you on that?"

"Not for years. The closest I got to sex was masturbating behind the bushes, watching some girls bathe in river. Having her would be nice, but you want one of my girls for the whole night. That doesn't seem like a fair deal, since I may last only a few minutes."

While the 2 locals were busy talking to each other, Deepika was observing the other women. They all ranged from 18 to middle age to one old lady. While they were dressed in old clothes, they at least were decently covered in their saris. They were all whispering amongst themselves about the American wearing nothing but heels in their house. She could feel their eyes judging her.

"I have her passport, and mobile number. You can write it them down. Get her to send a picture of her to you or give a dick pic."

"Hmm, I'll get Savithry to write this down,"Suresh said to Archith. "Who do you want?"

"Sneha just turned 18 yesteday right?" Archith asked. "Did she have her first client yet?"

"She does now," Suresh chuckled. He called for Sneha. A girl in a kurthi walked up to the two.

"Yes Grandpa?"

"You have your first customer. This naked girl wants to have you. There will be other men too, so be ready serve them."

"Do I have to?"

"You know the rules. If you don't go to college, then you earn, like the rest of us."

"Yes, Grandpa," She replied. She did not want to go to college, knowing how expensive it is.

She got on the bike with Archith, leaving a confused Deepika behind. She saw the old man approach her with a lit joint, in which he put in her mouth.

"Take a puff,"he laughed."The canabbis is pretty powerful. Savithry, you took down her information?"

"Yes, grandpa."

"Good," he responded. "Take that phone of yours and record this slut. The rest of you leave, unless you want to see me naked."

Everybody, except Savithry and an old lady left the hut.

"Do you want to watch honey?" the old man asked his wife.

"I've seen you naked multiple times. Let Savithry go, and I'll record it."

"I have no problem with that," the old man smiled. "You can go Savithry."

Savithry gave her phone to her grandmother, and left. Recognizing the smell coming from the smoke, she took huge toke from the joint. She held it in her for some time, and released the smoke. This and the drinks she had before got her in such a happy mood, she did not mind that she is being kissed and groped by a 70 year old man. He dropped his lungi to the floor, and stood behind Deepika. His wife was able to get Deepika's full view of her body through the phone. Deepika felt a tingly sensation in her snatch as his hands approached her wet cunt.

In return she placed her hand on his penis, and started stroking it. He stuck his large member in between her legs while they were standing. His tip was sticking out between her legs like a giant pole. She started to grind along his erect cock. Suresh released her pussy to start sqeezing her tits. Deepika is moaning loudly at the feel of his cock sliding across her vagina, she struggled catching her breath. Suresh wanted to stick his dick in her badly, but years of no sex, even with his wife, and the tightness of this young girl's body, was too much for him to take.

His wife noticed he is about to explode so she rushed to her husband to catch his juice in her hands. Suresh took the camera and focused it on the NRI's face. He signalled Deepika to open her mouth, as his wife poured his sperm inside. At first, the thought of having sperm in her mouth disgusted her. After the time in the bar, and the gangbang in the beach and hotel however, she developed a bit of a liking to it. She didn't even swallow the load. She let it stay in her a mouth for some time before she gulped it down. Years of abstinence really does make a man jizz a cup load. She then took another drag on the joint.

"Wow, she really is a harlot," the old lady laughed.

"I know," Suresh acknowledged. "We have her number, so we can have fun with that I guess. Has Archith come back?"

"He's in the hut," his wife laughed.

Archith saw her swallowing Suresh's load. While stunned, he smiled, knowing he took a video with his phone..

"Thank you son," Suresh said."You know how to make an old man happy."

"You're welcome,"Archith replied. He took Deepika and her passport, and drove back to the hotel. They reached at the hotel at 1:30am. There, the workers will be waiting in her room, along with any of the hotel guests awake, willing to pay to fuck two 18 year olds, and then some.

Constant Fucking throughout the night

"Ok, everyone," the manager told the men."Before we start anything, we'll let the girls fool around. Record all you want. The NRI is Deepika, and you all met Sneha. This is her first time having sex apparently, so be nice to her."

They all laughed while the towel clad Sneha uncomfortably sits on the bed. With the 5 people who are working night shift, 4 more men, who are staying in the hotel were in the room. All were drunken boors, who kept saying inappropriate things to her. Her sisters' first times were usually with one man. She has to take of a group, and all with a smile. She really wished she had studied more to get into college, like Savithry.

