ZERO GEE PEE

Author: William Abbott

When I read this to my wife, she declared it the best erotic story of any kind that she'd ever encountered. She doesn't share my kink, but she loved both the emotional tenderness and the details of the sex that made it feel very real. It's one of my favorites, too.

By the way, if you're curious about how the real thing works, there's a video where a female commander of the International Space Station explains it all. You can find it if you search for

“dailymail.co.uk how to use toilet zero gravity" (without the quotes).

And yes, I admit it. I'm a nerd. Total geek, and proud of it.

The shuttle is already doing close to mach two when it noses up toward the stratosphere and the orbital boosters kick in. The roar becomes almost deafening and the acceleration pushes us back into our seats so hard my vision goes black for a second. When it clears, I see Jessie reaching out for the throttle, easing it back. The pressure lets up.

“Gee forces too much for you?” I ask.

“Too much for my bladder; she says. “I forgot to go pee before we left.”

I look at the nav computer and watch while it recalculates our docking ETA from fifteen minutes to forty-five. That seems like a long time to wait. “You gonna be OK?” I ask. “We could turn around. Go up again this afternoon.”

“I don’t think so,” she says. “I mean...abort an orbital mission because I forgot to go to the bathroom? That’d look great on my flight log. No, I’ll manage.”

The planet below us, Xandra Nine, was once a pleasure world dotted with spas and casinos until the human colonies in this sector began to depopulate. Business dwindled until the last of the resorts closed about five Earth years ago, and now Jessie and I are part of a crew decommissioning all the power stations on the planet. Teams are using light orbital shuttles to hop from one resort to another, spending a day or so at each one, pulling out the reactor cores, salvaging what we can, and leaving the rest for demolition.

We camped last night on a rooftop with grass growing between the tiles. We threw down an air mattress and made love out in the open as the sun was setting—her cries as she came brought answering calls from the jungle canopy all around—then slept naked out under the stars, warm breezes caressing us as we cuddled together. We dressed in the morning, her in a long, loose skirt and a button-up tank, me in a pair of drawstring pants, neither of us bothering with anything underneath. We took turns in the bathroom just inside (surprised when we got there to find there was still running water, though it was brackish and green with algae). She deflated the mattress while I lit the camp stove to make coffee. The radio call came in just as we were finishing our breakfast. One of the old com satellites looked unstable; we should go up, pull its reactor core, and then kick it out of orbit to burn up in the atmosphere over the ocean.

I stopped long enough to pee again, this time off the edge of the roof looking out over miles of tropical rainforest...and I guess Jessie didn’t. She was stowing bundles under the cargo netting as I climbed into the shuttle. I buckled myself into the pilot seat—straps converging from every direction including up between my legs—and I was already warming up the thrusters when she climbed up into the seat beside me. The straps weren’t made to work with a long skirt and she had to pull it way up to buckle in. As the bottommost strap cinched against her crotch, she was pretty much naked down there. She powered up the life support systems, throwing switch after switch, and I rested my hand on her bare thigh. She smiled and took my hand in hers as the shuttle lifted slowly from the roof.

Now, forty-five minutes later, the shuttle thumps against the satellite’s docking port and the magnetic clamps click into place. No problems at all with the flight (unless you count Jessie’s full bladder). I cut the fuel to the thrusters and Jessie unbuckles and floats free, her skirt billowing up around her in zero-gee.

We get into pressurized suits for the transfer, not knowing what we’ll find inside the satellite. Jessie’s skirt is in the way again and she bunches it up around her waist as she slides her legs into the suit. If she notices me watching her pulling the suit up over her naked butt, she doesn’t seem to mind.

I open the shuttle hatch and we pull ourselves through into the docking ring. I plug my diagnostic into the interface on the satellite and check the readings; digits flicker and needles move on dials. “Batteries look a little low in there,” I say, “but there’s still some power. Atmosphere is at point-nine-six. Life support looks fully functional. We should be fine without the suits.”

“Oh thank God!" says Jessie. Her enthusiasm seems a little strong. In answer to my questioning look, she explains, “I really have to piss.”

That’s when my cock begins to stir from its slumber. Up until now, her needing a bathroom just seemed like one of those little annoyances. No big. But the feeling she put into those words just now have kindled some feelings of my own.

And this is a little awkward for me. I haven’t known Jessie all that long. We only got together a few days ago when we were assigned to the same team, and I haven’t told her yet that a woman needing to pee is one of my secret turnons. I wasn’t necessarily going to tell her at all... but my stiffening cock may tell her for me.

We crack the seal on the satellite hatch. There’s a little hiss as the pressures equalize on both sides and then it slides open. Motion sensors bring up the lights as we drift inside. Looking around, the place seems, well... maybe a little worn around the edges, but in fairly good shape for a decades-old satellite abandoned years ago. We loosen helmets and peel off the pressure suits, clipping them to a rack on the wall. Does my hard-on show? I half turn away from her, trying to hide it.

“I’m going to find the head,” she says, and kicks off toward the next room. Her skirt is almost a full circle. It floats around her in the weightlessness, and when she moves it pulses and ripples like the bell of a great jellyfish— breathtaking, even if it didn’t keep giving me glimpses of her pussy. And her breasts in weightlessness... Oh my God, those breasts under that loose tank top, bobbing and swaying with delicious liquid motion... Maybe my erection won’t be so hard to explain after all.

I follow her, pulling myself along hand-overhand. And I really have to watch where I’m going now, it’s not even my fault that looking straight ahead is also straight up her skirt. We float through the companionway and into the storage module (cabinets emptied, doors left open, one of them dangling loose from a single hinge) and then into the instrumentation module (electronics gutted, bare racks bristling with the cut ends of wires). I hang back as free fall carries her on into the life support module, figuring she’ll want a little privacy there. The satellite never had a permanent crew but maintenance workers sometimes stayed here a day or two at a time, so it was always equipped with full facilities.

From the next room I hear Jessie say, “Shit!” and then, “William?”

I pull myself through the connecting passage. The first thing I see is that one whole wall of this module is an observation window. The panoramic view is stunning. From this low of an orbit the curve of the horizon is really prominent, and the clouds swirled through the atmosphere seem almost luminous. The window is flanked by computer monitors and controls for the satellite’s little maneuvering thrusters. An adjoining wall once served as a kitchen, with clips for food bags and the hookups for microappliances. Another has a row of hammocks that zip closed to keep sleepers inside.

The “toilet” is set into the wall in one corner. For number two, there’s a rounded circular flange a little smaller than a standard toilet seat, and for pee, a flexible hose with a bayonet clip at the end for adaptors. A dozen or so adaptors are on a rack alongside—tubes for guys and wider funnels for girls, some of them with names written on them. Zero-gee toilets use light suction to draw all the waste matter in and then

“flush” with a small airlock to vent it out into space.

The panel is missing from the pump housing on this one. Jessie is looking at a note— faded magic marker on a piece of brittle masking tape—’’Gasket seal cracked. Do not use.” She tries flicking the switch. The suction pump makes an unfortunate clackety-clack sound, not at all the steady hum and hiss of air you want to hear.

“Uh oh,” I say.

“Yeah.” She turns and begins pulling open storage compartments. “They must have urine bags in here somewhere. Even just a zip-lock. A bottle with a lid. Anything.”

There aren’t that many places to search, and two minutes is enough to know we’ve come up dry. Jessie huffs in annoyance.

“You gonna be OK?’’ I ask.

She nods. “I’m pretty uncomfortable, but I can hold it.”

Back out to the instrument module then, where we set to work dismantling the reactor. After half an hour with wrenches and a radiation monitor, we have the core crated up and ready to go. Even weightless, its mass makes it clumsy to carry. At sixty kilos, you don’t want your fingers in the way if it bumps a wall. We coax it through the docking ring into our shuttle and tie it down.

Jessie floats over to the nav computer to check our longitude. We have to kick the satellite down over the ocean, so how long until our orbit puts us in the right position? She hovers near the ceiling, reaching down over the pilot seats to punch in the numbers. Her skirt billows around her almost like a halo, and I find myself gazing at her legs and into the fold of her crotch with its little nest of pubic hair. She wriggles around, and I realize that it’s not just to get a better view of the computer. She really does have to go, and I can read it in her body language, right there in front of me.

“OK,” she says, “about a half an hour til we come up on the ocean. Let me calculate exactly when we... when we need to... Mmph” She bends her knees, bringing her feet up to her bottom, and crosses her thighs, grinding them together. “Damn it, I have to pee so bad I can’t even do math.”

My erection is so hard in my pants it almost hurts. I want to nuzzle between her legs and kiss her. Instead, I pull myself alongside to look at her calculations. “Cosign of sixteen,” I say.

“Thanks.” She taps in a few more numbers. “OK. Our computer will automatically start the satellite’s maneuvering thrusters. I’m setting all the chronometers to count down. We’re at, um, T-minus thirty-seven minutes, fourteen seconds.”

“OK,” I say. “Good. All set, then.” We look at each other. “I guess we...?”

“Cool our heels for a while.” She takes a deep breath, blows it out slowly.

“Right.” I look around the cabin awkwardly, wondering how obvious my boner is.

Backing away from the control panel, she slaps at her skirt trying to get it to go down around her legs, but it’s a lost cause. There’s too much loose cloth. It hovers, rippling around her naked body. She wriggles, scissors her legs once or twice and then pumps them, almost like riding an imaginary bicycle. Gives me an embarrassed grin.

“Hm,” Isay. “Maybe I could...?”

“You can’t fix the head. Without a gasket it’s useless.”

“No. I mean...maybe I could take your mind off of it?”

“Oh, please yes,” she says, "Anything!” She licks her lips, not from lust but from a nervous dry mouth. I reach out, take hold of her top and pull her towards me, holding her close to kiss her. One arm is around her waist now, keeping us together. The other is sliding over her body—her back, her waist, her loose breasts behind the cloth of her top. She takes that hand in hers, pulls it away and presses it into her crotch, pressing hard.

She clamps her thighs tightly round it. I pull at her buttons now, impatient to see her even more naked. We’re tumbling slowly and my feet brush one of the ceiling lights. I open her top and stare at her breasts, watching their slow motion jiggle. I bend my body around to kiss them, take a nipple in my mouth to suck, and we collide with the second row of seats. I look up and thump my head on an armrest, sending us somersaulting again. She reaches out to grab a handhold.

“Let’s go back by the observation window,” I say. “There’s more room.”

Hand in hand, we pull ourselves through the docking ring again and then dive down the length of the satellite. Her breasts pulse with every movement, brushing against me as we squeeze through passageways. I am straining at the seams of my pants. We reach the life support module. Hovering in front of the observation window, she shrugs out of her top altogether. I loosen my drawstrings, pull my pants down and then off. One leg ends up inside-out. Then I take her thighs in my arms and bury my face in her crotch, feeling the scratchiness of her hair against my face as her skirt surrounds me.

“Oh, yes,” she says. “Oh. Ohhhhhhh.”

I lick, grinding my nose against her clit while my tongue probes into her vagina, deep as it can go, and my fingers grip her buttocks. My saliva blends with her juices and I slide my face around until I am slathered wet from ear to ear and from eyes to chin. I pause for breath and go back for more.

“Mmph!” she says again as my tongue finds her clit again. She’s running her fingers through my hair, though one hand must be holding onto something or we’d be bouncing off the walls. “I’m afraid...afraid I’ll...” She gasps for breath. "... afraid I’ll pee if you make me cum.” I take another breath and open wide to suck on her labia, drawing her lips between mine. I slide my tongue the length of her groove to her clit and lap at it some more. “I... I...” And then she’s cumming, crying out again like a jungle animal, both hands in my hair now, pulling at its roots, and her thighs crushing my face. “Oh God! Oh God oh God oh God! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" And then she’s panting, taking deep breaths, sucking in great lungfuls of air and telling me, “Stop. Stop, please. Too much.”

Her legs release their grip and she pulls me up so I can hold her in my arms. She uses the hem of her skirt to wipe her juices from my face and then kisses my forehead, my eyes, my cheek. My cock drools against her legs. With one hand, she brushes hair away from my eyes. With the other, she takes a white-knuckle grip of her crotch. She grimaces, squirms in my arms, whispers in my ear, “OhmyfuckingGodlhavetopissss!”

We both look over at the chronometer. T-minus three minutes, nine seconds.

“Not much time,” she says. She takes me by the hips and pulls me up, bringing my penis to her mouth. She kisses it, licking along the shaft and then sucking the pre-cum from the tip. T-minus two minutes, fifty-three seconds. Looking up at me, hand cupping my balls, she says, “We have to get back to the shuttle.” I reach out to snag my pants from the air and she kicks away to where her top has drifted across the room. Looking for the arm holes, she’s scissoring her thighs again, and as she pulls it onto her shoulders she’s thrashing almost like a landed fish. “Reentry is going to be absolute Hell!" she says.

Pulling on my pants, I realize something. “Jessie...”

“All those gee forces.”

“The satellite’s going to burn up in the atmosphere.”

“I know. We’ve got to get back.” She’s not bothering to button the top.

“Jessie...”

“I’m not sure I’ll even make it.” She’s got her legs drawn up against her bottom again, her thighs crossed, the toes of her bare feet curled.

“The satellite...”

She looks at me impatiently. “What?”

“It’s going to burn up in the atmosphere.”

“Yes?” She grits her teeth.

“This room. Everything.”

A pause. “Oh!” A look of amazement on her face as comprehension finally dawns. T-minus two minutes, eleven seconds. She rolls around in the air to face me square on, and her face breaks into a dazzling smile.

My cock is leaving a wet spot in my drawstring pants. I pull them down again to midthigh level as Jessie gathers up her skirt to tuck it under one arm. She floats out to the middle of the room, rolling in the air again to face her nether regions away from me and the door.

She spreads her legs.

Her smile widens even further as she lets go-

Her water jets across the room in a thick, powerful stream. It hits the observation window and splashes back, sending little droplets spraying out in all directions. One minute, fifty-nine seconds. Is it my imagination or does she actually get some thrust from the jet? Force-equals-mass-times-acceleration nudging her in the opposite direction from the stream? One minute, forty seconds. She sighs deeply, her face a picture of deep relief and contentment now as she pees and pees and pees. One minute, twenty-two seconds. I’m close to cumming. Droplets of pee float about the room in an expanding cloud, colliding to merge into quivering liquid marbles. Her stream has eased off in strength but still shows no sign of stopping. My balls feel charged with electricity.

One minute, five seconds. I hook my toes through a handhold, take her by the shoulders and pull her back into the passageway as the room fills up with warm raindrops. Still peeing. Skirt still tucked protectively under her arm. One minute. Peeing through the doorway now as we bump along into the next room, her jet of water swishing back and forth, hitting the walls as we maneuver. Her thighs are still spread wide, but she’s drawn her feet in as I pull her past the empty racks.

Fifty-four seconds. I’m almost cumming. So close. My pants around my knees, making me clumsy. Forty-nine seconds. She squeezes it off—clearly an effort—and turns around like a cat in free fall to face me, letting me pull us both back toward the shuttle, my cock leaving a snail track across her skirt. Forty-two seconds. We’ve reached the docking ring. She pulls frantically at her skirt again, gathering it out of the way, and pulls her knees up to her chest to pee another strong spurt. I spit into my hand, wishing I had more.

Thirty-seven seconds. Pee squirting down the entire length of the vestibule now, and through into the next room. And the next. Thirty-one seconds. She’s bracing herself against both sides of the open hatch now, holding herself still so her fountain shoots straight as an arrow through three successive doorways, down the entire length of the satellite. She’s laughing and I’m going to cum. I pull her tight against me. Twenty-nine seconds. She tapers off again, probably cold pee still more but she’s emptied out enough that she can make it through reentry without going insane. One arm around her, I crush her body against mine, biting gently on the top of her shoulder, clutching at a boob with one hand and thrusting my cock into the other, the spit-slick one.

Twenty-six seconds. “Do you have any spit?” She nods and I put my hand to her mouth, then back to my cock. Twenty-two seconds and I groan with pleasure, spurting once, twice... five, six times. Beads of creamy white floating in the air. Sticking where they touch the walls. Fourteen seconds, and now she’s already scrambling into the shuttle. I haul myself after her, slap the satellite hatch control with my palm and then heave the shuttle hatch closed. I twist the locking lever and there’s a hiss of decompression, the docking ring releasing its air. “All clear!” I shout. T-minus five seconds.

Four.

Three.

“Disengaging from the satellite!” says Jessie.

Two. I haul my pants up, bending back my still-hard penis to fit inside but leaving the drawstrings loose. I feel the cabin shift around me as the shuttle separates.

One. I pull myself up behind Jessie, holding to the back of the pilot seats and watching out the forward windshield. I circle her waste with my arms, my skin still hungry for her along the whole length of my body, and she melts into me, reaching back to grip the loose cloth of my pants and pull me closer. We watch as the satellite accelerates away from us, falling back along the orbital path and losing altitude. Its thrusters are silent pinpricks of light, almost painfully bright.

“Wow,” she says. “That was really dumb ” “Cutting it to the last second like that?” “No. It’s going down slowly; we’ve got another ten minutes or so we could have disengaged safely. I meant forgetting to go to the bathroom before we left the planet.”

