Waiting s-train

Author: Nigel (1999-03-13 at 04:01) #29801

My girlfriend and I were busting for a wee the other day. We were coming back from London on the train after a night out and there hadn’t been time to go at the station. Now we were stuck on a late service back from London and we were both dying to spend a penny. The carriage we were in was about half full and I could hardly wait until we crawled out of the station so that I could go in search of a loo. Both of us had had several drinks and had left rather hurriedly to avoid missing the train so we both got up to find a toilet together.

Our carriage didn’t have one so we went into the next, then the next. By this time I was starting to get worried. My bladder was bursting and Louise confessed that hers was too beneath her short skirt and it was all she could do to resist from fingering myself. The next carriage didn’t have one either and we soon began to wonder if there were any. We were just about to take a seat in the last carriage when I noticed a sign at the far end. Gleefully we hurried down the aisle and found a tiny cubicle.

We both went in together. I hurriedly pulled the bolt across while she fumbled with the hem of my skirt, reaching up for her knickers and tugging them down to just above her knees. She then bent down to lift up the lid but to her horror found it wouldn’t budge. She squealed in dismay and squeezed her thighs tight together, her bum visibly quivering with the strain. We discovered a notice on the lid saying it was out of order and as she stood there with her knickers halfway down her legs I found myself having to frantically play with myself and cross my legs in order to avoid an accident.

I was busting so much that I decided that I just had to go and to my girlfriends amazement I unzipped my fly, lifted my prick out from my boxer shorts and directed it into the small hand basin. She watched captivated as I urinated into it, my dick getting harder all the time as I I could feel her watching and squiming her own thighs together.

The more I peed the more desperate she became until she could hardly wait for me to finish so that she could do the same. Her fingers flashed between her legs as I continued to pee for what must have seemed an age. Finally I finished and we swapped places. The basin was several inches higher than her bum and no matter how hard she tried she couldn’t reach it, even standing on tiptoes. In any case I think the basin was probably too small for her to perch onto. We both looked around for anywhere else she could go and to be quite frank at that point she was close to just squatting and doing the lot on the floor!

Suddenly there was a knock at the door and a guard asked for our tickets. Louise hurriedly yanked up her knickers and we came out rather sheepishly together but he didn’t seem to mind. With no alternative we retook a seat in one of the carriages. She kept telling me she was about to wet myself but I urged her to hang on until we got to the station, which I thought might take another half an hour. That half hour wait was absolute agony for her. She kept having to cross and uncross her legs and was rocking back and forth in her seat. When we did finally pull into the station she was literally on the point of wetting herself.

Standing up we hurried off the train as fast as we could and as soon as her feet hit the platform she was off to where she knew the Ladies was located. I have to admit I had found the whole situation a real turn on and I followed her out of curiousity.

Haring along the platform with one hand clasped under her bum she turned left at the end of the main building, sprinted up to the door marked Ladies and rattled the door frantically with her free hand. It was locked and she just couldn't believe it. After several attempts at opening it she finally backed away almost bent double, clutching herself with both hands. She needed to go so badly I almost felt sorry for her as I turned the corner to find her standing there.

Making a quick decision I suggested we got a taxi home instead of our usual walk and she nodded keenly. All the way back she had her legs tightly crossed in the back seat, her short skirt rising up her thighs until I could see her knickers. The driver didn't seem to notice but as I watched they darkened slight and Liouse winced as she struggled to regain control. Her hand dived underneath her skirt and she gave herself a hard squeeze.

The taxi pulled up outside our house moments later. I hurriedly paid the driver and turned to find Liouse already waiting impatiently by the front door, frantically hoping from one foot to the other. I opened the door and she raced inside and shot upstairs. I took my jacket off and then ambled up myself only to find her stood on the landing. She still had her legs crossed with both hands covering the front of her skirt. She was sobbing quietly and as I gazed down I could see she was wetting herself as a dark stain appeared across her skirt and trickles of wee started to run down her legs.

She allowed me to guide her into the bathroom and allowed me to watch as she belatedly squatted on the loo and let it all come.

