Sealed Fate - Omorashi & peeing fiction - OmoOrg

By xinycep (2013-12-03 04:02)

Story submission for: Story writing competition - part IV - results.


Original prompt:

{{Your main character is an upcoming talent (in whatever field her talent is), and she’s doing an important job interview/presentation/audition/photoshoot/... before a some kind of jury, which can launch or break her career. While being extremely talented, she is not too confident about herself, being really nervous... and needing to use the bathroom, off course. She’s trying to finish her performance while hiding her desperation for the audience. Will she be able to hold it until her moment in the spotlight is over, or pee her panties in front of everyone?}}

Sealed Fate

*buzzzzzz* *buzzzzzz* *buzzzzzz*

Abby rolled over in bed, getting her arms wrapped up in the bedsheets as she struggled to silence her phone.  A few rings later she managed to extricate an arm and grab her phone off the nightstand.  Laying on her back she squinted up at the phone.

========
Text message from Kelly S.
[View now] [View later]
========

"uhhhg, how fricking early is it?" she asked the ceiling.

6:23 AM the display on her phone showed.

Abby opened the text message: "changes required b4 presentation, call asap"

Having to wake up early to deal with work-related matters made her feel drained of energy before the day had even begun; especially after having been up late last night finalizing the graphic design proposals for SimpleWorks' new website.

Abby dropped her arm back to the bed and closed her eyes.  The presentation before the board was only a couple hours away, how could they be asking for more changes now!  She wanted nothing more than to tell the project manager from SimpleWorks' to go screw himself; but she wouldn't do that.  No, instead she would lie and tell Kelly how wonderful his suggestions were and how much they would improve the design.

She closed her eyes; I'll call in just a moment she told herself, I just want a few more minutes of peace before the day begins.

********

*buzzzzzz* *buzzzzzz* *buzzzzzz*

Abby scrambled up, instantly awake.  Shit! What time was it now, she worried, picking her phone up off the bed.

With relief she noticed only seven minutes had passed, but with annoyance she saw the incoming call from Kelly.

"Hi Kelly," she answered.

"Morning Abby, did you get my text?" he asked with a somewhat accusatory tone to his voice.

"Yeah sorry, it just came in a moment ago and I was getting up to call you."

"Good.  OK, well I was just reviewing the design this morning, and I think we need to change the buttons again so they have rounded corners instead of square corners."

Abby rolled her eyes.

"Sort of like we had last week then?" she asked.

"Similar, but let's go for less rounding than before, sort of a mix between the two..."

"OK, no problem."

"Will you be able to get those changes into the design before the board meeting?  The board will decide whether SimpleWorks ends up choosing your company to build the new website, so it's critical that this design look good," he reminded her, unnecessarily.

"Oh yeah, definitely, I'll get the changes made," she said with absolute uncertainty.

She kicked herself mentally immediately after the statement; why can't I ever say no to people!?

"Good, I'll see you later then," he said, hanging up.

Abby glanced down at her phone; fourty five minutes until the bus left for downtown.  Not a lot of time to make the changes and get herself ready.

She grabbed her laptop from her desk and took it into the kitchen of her small apartment.  While it booted up, she fixed herself some cold cereal and a pot of coffee.

Abby kept a close eye on the clock as she made the changes to the design, not failing to notice the passage of a single minute.  While working through Kelly's changes, she noticed that the design might look a little better if the buttons were a slightly lighter color.  No, she scolded herself, she didn't have time to make more changes like that right now.

Miraculously, she finished Kelly's changes with time to spare, while still managing to have finished off her breakfast.  But the color of the buttons still nagged at her mind.  She despised imperfection, and now that she had entertained the thought that the design wasn't quite right, it just wouldn't go away.

Looking at the clock, she knew she didn't have time to make the changes, but she couldn't let it go.  So, with resignation, she flipped through the design as quickly as she could and updated the color on all of the buttons.

Satisfied now, Abby saved her work and started the shutdown sequence on the laptop, but then she noticed she had forgotten to update the color of one of the buttons on the front page of the design.  She tapped her foot, willing the computer to shut down faster so she could start it back up again to fix the button.  But then the familiar shutdown routine was interrupted.

========
Please do not power off - installing updates
========

"Oh come on!" she swore at the machine.  She left it sitting on the table and headed back to her bedroom, stripping off her pajamas and throwing them in the hall on the way.

Digging through the top drawer of her dresser she managed to find black socks, panties and a bra.  Throwing these on the bed, she dug into the depth of her wardrobe to find her nice black twill pants, a fancy black shirt with a lacy v-neck, and a bright blue blazer to go on top.

Five minutes later, she jogged back to the kitchen, fully dressed in her nicest clothes.  Thankfully the updates had finished installing.  Pressing the power switch to turn it back on, she decided to hit the bathroom while waiting for the computer to boot.  She hadn't gone since getting up, and was starting to feel the coffee from her breakfast.

Abby untucked her shirt in the doorway, unbuttoned her pants on the walk past the shower, pulled on the zipper as she turned around and yanked down on her pants as she sat on the toilet.  She nearly started peeing immediately, but then realized her pants were stuck on her hips and hadn't been pulled down all the way.  She had been so close to peeing that it took a moment of intense concentration to prevent letting loose anyway.

Examining her zipper, Abby found it stuck halfway up.  She grabbed it violently, yanking it back up with no problem.  Then she pulled it back down again with all her might, but only succeeded in nicking her thumb as the zipper again stopped abruptly halfway down.

Cursing, she sucked her injured thumb and looked at the zipper in more detail.  She saw a tag on the inside of the pants thoroughly zipped into the zipper track.  Carefully, not wanting to cut herself again, she moved the zipper up and down, trying to get the tag free, but to no avail.

At that moment, she heard the alarm go off on her phone - indicating that the bus would arrive in ten minutes.  Abby decided to try once more.  She zipped the zipper down as far as she could, and then pushed and pulled on her pants, trying to get them over her hips, but the opening just wasn't wide enough for her to fit through.

Defeated, she quickly tucked her shirt back in, buttoned her pants and rushed back to her computer.  After finishing the final design change, she threw the laptop into its case before it had even finished shutting down, and rushed out to the bus stop.

At the bus stop, she pulled out her phone to check the time; the bus should have arrived two minutes ago, but fortunately it was running behind.  She shifted her laptop case to shield her pelvis from the others waiting at the stop, and discretely fingered her zipper, trying to free the cloth stuck in it.

Five minutes later she still stood waiting.  She gave up on the zipper, annoyed at it and at the late bus.  Had she known the bus would be so late, she knew she would easily have had enough time to fix her zipper back in the bathroom.

When the bus finally arrived, the driver hustled them on as quickly as possible and took off immediately for the next stop, trying to get caught up on his schedule.

Abby took a seat near the back of the bus and watched as everyone else boarded, hoping no one would sit next to her; she avoided strangers as much as possible, irrationally fearing they would negatively judge her self-perceived imperfections.

Minutes later, Abby stepped out into the loud and bustling city street.  Abby felt a familiar nervousness of being around so many potentially-judging people as she walked down the street towards the tower that housed SimpleWorks' third floor office.

She arrived at the tower with a few minutes to spare, and decided to try her luck again with her zipper.  Ducking into a small bistro on the ground floor, she made a beeline for the bathroom, hoping none of the staff would notice and call her out for using the facilities without having made any purchases.  To her immense relief she made it to the bathroom without being accosted.

Inside the bathroom, Abby closed the lid of the toilet and sat down, intensely focused on freeing the tag from the zipper track.  Less than a minute had passed when a rattle of the door knob startled her.  A sharp knock on the door followed on the heels of the rattle.

"Just a moment," she called out.

Feeling rushed with someone waiting on her, she tried again with the zipper, but her fingers felt fat and uncoordinated now, and she made no progressed.

Exasperated, she tried one last time to pull her pants over her hips.  When they still wouldn't budge, she looked around for some way of peeing with them on, without getting them totally soaked.  Quickly realizing that to be an impossibility, she pulled some toilet paper off the roll loudly, so that the person waiting outside would believe she had used the bathroom normally.  Abby was just about to throw the clean paper into the toilet when an idea struck her.  Preparing for a worst-case scenario, she took a few handfuls of the paper and stuffed it into her panties.  Then she flushed the empty toilet and ran water in the sink while she checked herself in the mirror to make sure the toilet paper wasn't visible.

Satisfied with her appearance, Abby opened the door and walked past an older women who stood waiting outside.  The meeting would start in but a few minutes now, so Abby headed straight for the elevator and rode it up to the third floor.

The immense wood table in the conference room filled near its entire floor space, and around the table sat men of obvious importance, but whom Abby did not know.  Kelly next to an empty chair near one end, looking far less imposing than normal compared to these tycoons.

The men sat engaged in low conversation and did not look up as Abby entered, but Kelly beckoned to her, and she walked over.

"Go ahead and set up your computer," he said, waving his hand at a podium next to the projector screen at the head of the table.

She nodded and complied.  As she set up the computer, waiters brought drinks to those seated around the table, bringing each executive what must certainly have been their usual personalized drink for such meetings.  Upon returning to her chair, she found the waiters had left her and Kelly a fancy glass of water, complete with a lime slice.  Abby's bladder ached continuously at this point, so she resolved to leave the drink alone.

Abby sat at the table in silence, waiting for the meeting to begin.  She felt awkward doing nothing, and occasional glances in her direction from men seated around the table only intensified the feeling.  Eventually she gave in and started taking sips from the glass, simply so as to appear to be doing something when the men looked her way.

Finally, a well dressed secretary rose and closed the doors.  The man at the head of the table also rose and addressed the assembly.

"Good morning.  I hereby call this meeting to order.  For our first order of business..."

Abby zoned out as the men discussed business that did not involve her.  She couldn't stop fidgeting now, and gave thanks for the solid table which allowed her to cross and uncross her legs with abnormal frequency without being seen or questioned.

Suddenly Kelly elbowed her.

"Abby, you're up," he whispered.

Abby quickly withdrew a hand from between her legs and looked up, flushing red.  The entire assemblage sat staring at her now.  She cleared her throat and took a quick drink.  Afraid she would pee herself with everyone looking, she wondered if they would let her give the presentation while seated.

"Good morning everyone," she started.

Kelly gave her another jab with his elbow.

"Go up front," he ordered.

Abby nodded and stood, giving a quick prayer of thanks when the motion didn't send a cascade of urine down her legs.  She walked to the podium, feeling dangerously exposed on the journey.  Once behind the podium she relaxed a little, knowing her lower half was again hidden from view.  If worse came to worse, she might still be able to make it back to her seat without anyone noticing.

"Good morning," she repeated again and received nods in response from many around the table.

As Abby brought up the front page of the website design on the projector, she transferred all of her weight to her right leg, searching for a position where she didn't feel on the brink of wetting herself.

"This is, uh, the main, I mean the front page of the site, or I mean it would be the front page of the site if you approve this new design," she stumbled through the first part of her carefully planned speech.

She shifted her weight back to the left as she brought up the next page of the design, but found no relief in that position either.

"And this is, or on this page, is where your prodrucks, sorry - products, would be displayed."

Abby started to panic as confusion registered on more and more of the faces in the room.  She kept talking, trying not to stumble on the lines, but she was too focused on not peeing herself.

As she transitioned to the next slide she wondered if it might not be best to just let some out behind the podium as she talked - just enough to regain her composure.  Her subconscious screamed at her, telling her she would die of embarrassment if she wet herself in front of all these people; while her conscious mind simultaneously argued that the only way she could succeed now was if she didn't have to pee so badly.

"You're wearing black," the voice in her head argued, "they won't even notice."

"It's going to happen anyway, get it over with now," it continued.

On the next slide she gave in and focused entirely on her talking points, telling herself that whatever was going to happen would happen, and she wasn't going to think about holding it anymore.

To her amazement, at the end of the slide she was still dry.  Her subconscious had held back the flood, and her conscious had been too focused on speaking well to override it.  In the brief pause between slides, when she had stopped talking for a moment, she felt herself getting ready to let loose.  Despite her earlier resolution to let it happen, Abby now decided that she might be able to make it afterall; she just needed to focus on the presentation and trust that her subconscious would hold out until the end.

By the end of the presentation she saw with relief that the looks of confusion had vanished from the room and been replaced by subtle looks of approval; but that feeling was minor compared to the relief she felt at not having wet herself.

As she packed up her laptop and returned to her seat she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen.

"Oh God, it's going to happen," she thought as she took her seat.

With her part in the meeting now concluded, she decided it would be reasonable to ask to leave to use the restroom.  As the chief executive returned to the front of the room, Abby worked up enough courage to ask.

"Excuse me, may I leave for a moment to visit the restroom."

The chief executive looked over the top of his glasses at her.

"First let's see if anyone has any questions for you." he stated.

Abby winced; at this point, he may as well have just asked if anyone wanted to see her wet herself.

But the room remained quiet.

"Very well.  Thank you for your presentation Ms., we'll evaluate your proposal and let your company know our intentions in a week.  You may leave now.  I don't believe the rest of the meeting will be of any interest to you."

"Thank you," Abby said, bowing her head.

She stood up and prepared to go.  As she glanced down, she was horrified to see a quarter sized puddle on the leather chair where she had been sitting.  Come to think of it, she definitely felt warm and damp now.  Quickly she sat back down, off-center on the chair, and tried to wipe up the spot with her butt while feigning tying her shoe.  A few small streaks remained when she stood again, but she had mopped up most of the spot.  She pushed the chair in as far as it would go, and took off towards the door.

Another sharp pain struck during the elevator ride to the lobby.  When she stepped out into the lobby she was startled to see John, her boyfriend, sitting at one of the benches.  He jumped up and ran over.

"So, how did it go?" he asked with excitement.

"Well," she winced, crossing her legs, "How did you know I was here?"

"You told me yesterday, remember?"

She didn't remember right now, but didn't care.

"Want to grab some lunch?" he asked.

"Uh sure, let's go to that bistro.  You get a table, I really really need to pee."

They set off towards the bistro, but Abby quickly pulled ahead.  She ran straight to the bathroom and closed the door.

As she struggled once again with the zipper she felt another stab of pain.  She tried again and again to yank down the zipper; too scattered mentally to carefully work it loose now.

Nearly starting to cry, she gave up trying to get it down on her own.  With her pants still unbuttoned and her shirt still untucked, she power-walked out of the bathroom and over to the table John had taken.

"My zipper's stuck, please help," she sobbed as quietly as she could into his ear.

John stood up and guided her back to the restroom.

"Let me see," he said, bending down in front of her to examine the zipper.

Though near tears, she still giggled when his hands brushed her stomach.

"Stop moving around," he chided her.

"Your hands are cold, stop tickling me then," she replied, but stood still as he continued to work the zipper.

As his hands worked deeper along the zipper track he stopped suddenly.

"What's this?" he asked, pulling a soaking piece of toilet paper out of her panties.

"Please just hurry, I'll explain later," Abby begged.

She felt another pain in her stomach as John's hands returned to the zipper, but this time she also felt warmth between her thighs.  She pulled back quickly, surprising John, and ran over the toilet.  John looked over in amazement as she sat on the toilet and let it out.

After a few awkward moments of silence, underscored by the sound of pee dripping into the toilet, Abby apologized.

"No worries, you don't need to apologize.  I guess we'll just skip the bistro though and eat back at your apartment," he said as he walked over and gave her a hug.

