MIDSUMMER’S EVE

Author: William Abbott

I wrote this story a few years ago, back when I was trying out different kinds of genre fiction for my desperation fantasies.

I wrote some science fiction, some sword-and-sorcery, a couple of superhero adventures... This one was my ghost story.

This was stupid. A little kid’s double-double-dare-ya, and Eve was a grown woman, back from her first year of college. And the thing of it is, the old Winthrop house really was haunted. Maybe it was because it was real, and because she wasn’t a little kid any more, that she felt like she couldn’t chicken out of this one. Besides, Chrissy had bet her rare and out-of-print George Harrison CD against Eve’s Frank Zappa that she couldn’t stay in the house alone until dawn. Now she sat here, bored and cranky and only a little scared. And she was growing more sober by the minute. And she had to go pee again, too.

They’d pitched tents out behind Eve’s back yard—a back yard that seemed to go on forever, leading into woods and trails and then beyond the woods, a cleared field that abutted the weed-tangled back yard of the Winthrop house. They’d set up their tent in that field—Fiona’s family’s really big six-person dome—and brought sleeping bags and the makings for s’mores and more than a couple of six-packs, and then all of them had sat around the campfire, bundled up against the chill of a summer’s night, drinking and laughing and roasting marshmallows and telling stories and sharing secrets and giggling some more, draining one Lowenbrau after another.

It was chilly and a little spooky whenever one of them had to venture away from the firelight to take a piss, but Eve had lost count of how many times she’d gotten up so far. Sometimes they went in pairs, feeling braver with company, laughing at the scary black depths of the woods around them. Chrissy had held Eve’s hand for balance as she squatted, pissing right in front of her without even breaking off her conversation. Beth was shy and insisted they keep their backs to one another, but still felt safer if they were right close together. Mary didn’t squat to pee, but sat right down with her naked butt on the dewy grass to let it flow. More than half the night had gone, and still none of them felt like sleeping.

Eve had no idea how late it was when they’d started talking about the Winthrop house...about Old Lady Winthrop who’d lived there, batty in her senile old age, with her creepy son Edgar. The murder had happened 40 years ago, when Eve’s Mom and Dad were still in school. When the body turned up in the woods (these same woods that loomed around them now, harboring deep shadows) everybody thought it had to be Edgar who'd done it, but the police had never been able to prove anything. They’d even searched the house looking for the girl’s jewelry—she’d had some sort of locket with her name, “Julia,” engraved on it—but nothing was found. Edgar had hung himself about six months later, and Old Lady Winthrop died the following year in a nursing home. The house had stood empty ever since, and the murder was still unsolved.

When Eve was little, all the neighborhood kids knew the house was haunted. It was the dead girl Julia, they said, who wouldn’t go away until the killer was named. Or it was Edgar, who couldn’t get into Heaven but had told the Devil he wouldn’t go to Hell either until somebody could prove something. Little kids whispered to each other as they walked by the empty house, then screamed and ran away to fall to the ground laughing half a block away. But Eve knew it was actually true. She’d gone up onto the front porch once as a kid, on Halloween night, and peeked in the front window, and she had seen the sadeyed girl staring out at her...and then not seen her, though no one had moved and nothing had changed. Years later, when she was in high school and used to cut through the property to get to the movies or to K-Mart, she would hear noises sometimes from right around the house, or even whispered voices that she could never quite make out.

Chrissy was just being silly at first, when she’d made the challenge, but Eve had been drunk enough, or (she chided herself) just that dumb to accept, and to lay “Weasels Ripped My Flesh” on the line, against Chrissy’s “Apple Jam,” and then there was no backing out. They had all walked together through the little gap in the trees and across the jungle of ragweed and Queen Anne’s lace to the back of the huge, empty house. The doors were locked, of course, and the windows were all boarded up, but they found one window off of the front porch where the boards had gone soft and punky enough that they could lift a couple of them off of the nails. The heavy window slid quietly open.

Eve took her pillow and sleeping bag, a flashlight and a few candles, her walkman and a book to read, and the beer she hadn’t finished, and stepped over the sill into the musty silence of the front room. The other girls fitted the boards back over the nails. They’d found an old door with many glass windowpanes lying on the porch floor, and this they leaned against the rotted boards. If Eve really needed to get out of the house, she could easily push the boards out again but the door would topple over and shatter the glass so the others would know she’d chickened out. They promised to be back at dawn and Eve was left alone in the house. She’d heard their feet clomping down the porch steps, and then their voices disappearing into the night, swallowed by the stillness of soft grass and weeds.

Inside the house it was DARK. Her eyes had adjusted to the moonlit woods, but here inside it was a whole new order of darkness. She got out her flashlight and probed her surroundings with the narrow beam. The room she was in was mostly empty—bare wooden floor, covered with dust; one old chair, the cane seat busted out, stood next to the ripped-apart remains of a cardboard box. Directly in front of her was an enormous fireplace carved with scrollwork and draped with a delicate tracery of cobwebs. To her right, high windows reached almost to the ceiling. To her left, a gaping archway opened onto the front hall, and then to the parlor where rolled up rugs and a wooden stepladder had been dumped. Everything was covered with the dust of decades. The only footprints anywhere were her own.

She hunkered down right where she was, propped her pillow against the windowsill, and burrowed into her sleeping bag. She thought at first to pass the time reading, but it was a Stephen

King. Poor choice. Instead, she put on headphones and slipped Bob Dylan into the walkman. That was fine for about twenty minutes, until the batteries began to fade and Mr. Tambourine Man became Moooooster Taimbouuuuuuureeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen Muuwwwaaaaan. Then she just lay back against her pillow and closed her eyes. There’s nothing to be afraid of, she told herself. I’ll just sit here for a couple of hours, and it’ll get light and the others will come back, and I’ll be fine. She even dozed for a little while.

She awoke suddenly, startled by a voice—or had it been a voice? Or a dream? Shit. This was crazy. She sat there, heart pounding, holding her breath, listening to a silence so deep it made her ears ring, and feeling stupid.

Stupid and cranky and bored and increasingly sober and she had to piss.

Well, the cranky and bored she couldn’t do anything about. The sober—she still had half a beer left. She tipped it back and drained it in one go. It was cool and still had a little bit of fizz. And the having to pee...well, there had to be a bathroom somewhere in this ghastly old house. She’d go find it.

A movement somewhere in the room made her freeze again, and her pulse rate jumped. She held as still as a scared mouse, only her eyes darting around the room. Then it happened again —in the dark corners around the ceiling, a slightly darker shape flitting back and forth without a sound. Bats. Terrific.

She turned on the flashlight, startled by the harsh shadows it cast. The bat made two more circuits of the room and then disappeared silently down the dark hall, and suddenly she wasn’t so sure about going off in search of a bathroom. Could she wait until dawn? Just sit here squirming for a couple more hours? How long was it ‘til dawn, anyway? She had no idea. She wished now that she’d gone one last time before climbing in the window, but she hadn’t much needed to back then. And she shouldn’t have finished that last beer just now, with her bladder already full. She shouldn’t have made this stupid bet in the first place. Jesus God, she was dumb!

She turned and looked at the window she’d come in through. The boards were back in place. She couldn’t even hang her butt out the window without moving them and smashing that glass door. She sat down again and wriggled around trying to find a comfortable position. I can wait, she told herself. I can hold it. I can last. She shifted position again. I do not have to go pee. I can hold it. I do not have to go pee. But finally she had to admit that, even if she could hold out until dawn, she certainly couldn’t just sit still in the mean time. So she got up, telling herself she was just going to pace back and forth a while, but as long as she was up, she shoved candles and lighter into the kangaroo pocket of her sweatshirt and picked up her flashlight. Then she went to see if she were brave enough to let her pacing carry her down the cavernous hallway, and maybe find the Goddamned bathroom.

The hall was wide and deep, with a bald and moldering carpet and dark wainscoting. A spindly chandelier hung overhead, dappled with tarnish and draped with swags of cobweb.

Wallpaper was peeling away from the walls in places. Doors stood half open on either side. As her flashlight played across them, some of the rooms looked empty, filled only with darkness that her flashlight disturbed but did not dissipate. Others held draped furniture, boxes (sometimes stained and slouching) or stacks of fine wood paneling that had been ripped from the walls and piled up in the middle of the floor. Off to one side, a grand staircase led up to a landing and a stained glass window. She squirmed a little, looking up at it, and then moved on. Around and under the stairs, a little door stood ajar. She shrank away from it at first, thinking it must lead down to the basement (and that was a place she didn’t even want to think about) but as she moved her light past it, she caught the glint of—yes! The pale gleam of ancient porcelain.

She sighed deeply with relief. There probably wouldn’t be any water to flush with, she realized, but that didn’t matter to her now. She could just sit and pee and maybe it would drain away or maybe it would just dry up over time, but she really didn’t care. She half walked, half ran up to the door, only to groan with dismay when she looked inside. The toilet and sink had both been dismantled, pulled loose from their moorings, and the toilet tank (it had been one of those old-fashioned ones, with the tank up by the ceiling) was resting across the bowl.

The seat (cracked and dry wood) was propped on the floor, leaning up against a wall. She crossed her legs as she took in the scene, squeezing hard with muscles that had begun to relax in anticipation. She swore under her breath, but reminded herself that this was only one tiny bathroom in a huge house. There had to be others. Even if none of the toilets worked, she could pee over a bathtub drain or squat in a shower stall or wiggle her butt up onto a sink. Whatever. She’d find someplace she could go.

More searching turned up more empty rooms. A dining room, opposite the stairs, with another fireplace. A door at the back—locked— probably lead to the kitchen. Back across the hall to a study or library, with lots of empty bookshelves. Dust everywhere. Towards the back of the house now, where the hall was narrower and the woodwork plainer. For the servants? She felt like she was beginning to get the layout of the place. An empty room here, another one just beyond, and between them, a narrow door. It didn’t seem like the sort of place you’d put a closet, but if it was a room, it had to be a very small one. Could it be? She crossed her legs and wriggled. Please, let it be... The knob was missing, but she was able to get a grip on the edge of the door itself and inch it towards her.

It swung open (creaking just a little) and she aimed her flashlight into the space beyond, only to have her heart suddenly leap up into her throat. This was the door to the basement. The blackness down there was impenetrable, the walls crumbling stone, and the stairs themselves... They had collapsed into a heap of rotted lumber fifteen feet below. Jesus! She shut the door quickly, and as near to silently as she could, hoping not to rouse whatever might be down there—she could imagine all kinds of things all too easily. She pressed the door tight into its frame and backed a few steps away, waiting for her pulse to settle down. But her bladder wouldn’t let her wait for long.

She was almost to the back of the house now. The hall turned a right angle into the kitchen. She stepped in and then stood very still, her thighs pressed tightly together, as she took in the scene. The kitchen had been gutted. The cabinets were still there, but the cabinet doors and countertops and sink were all gone. The refrigerator stood in a corner, its door removed from its hinges. At the very back of the kitchen was another doorway, and Eve hurried across to see where it went. Her heart sank when she saw that it was the other ground-floor bathroom, and that it too had been gutted.

All that was left were the disconnected ends of more plumbing. A showerhead hung disconsolately over the darkened footprints left by a claw-foot tub. Pipes for hot and cold water stood by the wall marking where the sink had once been, and the sawed-off drainpipe poked up through the floor at a crooked angle. The toilet had probably once been over there, where more debris was piled up. Damn it! She crossed her legs, frustrated. She really had to go!

Upstairs? Oh God, no. Noway. She hopped back and forth from one foot to the other. Surely it was almost morning by now. She tried looking out the windows, but couldn’t tell if it was really still pitch black outside, or if the boards over the windows were just that tight. Maybe if she turned her flashlight off for a second, she could see chinks of moonlight through the cracks, maybe tell if dawn were coming. She found the switch with her thumb, pressed down until it clicked.

God, that was a mistake! The darkness that thudded down around her was so total, so absolute that she might have been underground, or entombed in one of the pyramids. The sound of her own breath was harsh in the close silence around her. Then, somewhere in the house, something creaked. She froze, not daring even to squirm. She pressed the switch again, heard the click, but nothing happened. No light. Shit! Come on, baby, don’t do this to me. She slammed the flashlight against the palm of her other hand once...again...then a third time, and finally the light came on. Flickered off, and came back on again. Damn damn damn, don’t do that to me again. She left the bathroom quickly, tiptoed across the worn linoleum in the kitchen and then out into the hallway again, shadows quivering around her as the flashlight bobbed in her hand.

She could pee on the floor. She could just find a corner, pull down her pants, and let fly.

Yeah, right. It would stink. It would leave a stain, even after the puddle had dried. It might even permanently discolor the wooden floors. If anybody ever, EVER found out it was her who’d been in here and done that, she’d be so totally embarrassed. No way. Not an option. She’d hold on until her bladder exploded before doing that.

That left going upstairs as the only other choice. Because her bladder really did feel like it was going to explode soon.

She pointed the beam of her flashlight up the servants’ back staircase. It looked narrow and rickety and there was a closed door at the top of it, and she decided on the front grand staircase instead. She also decided to leave a candle burning at the foot of the stairs when she went up. She had tea lights with her—squat candles about an inch across and half an inch high, each in its own tiny aluminum cup, so they could burn right down and not set fire to anything. She lit one and set it in the middle of the hallway floor. The flame danced for a second, then steadied to a still point of light. Then she crept quietly up the wide staircase.

On the second floor, all the doors had been taken off their hinges. A dozen of them were stacked neatly, leaning against the wall right at the top of the stairs. This made it a little less spooky shining her light into all of the rooms. Less was hidden. The first two doors she passed were bedrooms, empty but with a few bits of trash scattered on the floors. And the third door was—at last—a bathroom that was more or less intact. The ceiling had fallen in. There had been, by the looks of it, a drop ceiling of acoustical tile, and above that a fancy embossed tin ceiling with a layer of plaster above that, and all of it had come crashing down, probably when something upstairs had flooded. Burst pipes, that first winter that the house had stood empty? (She was gonna be a burst pipe herself, soon, and make a flood of her own.) The worst of it had been cleaned up, and the tub was filled with a great mound of crumpled tin and broken, discolored ceiling tiles.

She had to hop up and down to keep from wetting herself before she even got inside. She set her flashlight on the sink, unsnapped her jeans and started to unzip. She felt really weird about using a bathroom with no door, even though she was alone in the house (except maybe for a ghost...or two?) but she didn’t have much choice, did she? There wasn’t any toilet paper, so she’d be a little damp afterwards, but worse things could happen. (Would happen very soon, in fact, if she wasn’t quick. God, she had to go bad.) So in full view of the long, dark hallway outside, she slid her jeans and panties down to her knees.

Just the sensation of her pants sliding down off her ass was almost enough to make her pee where she stood. She clenched her teeth and used one hand to hold herself, pressing hard with her fingers against the moist folds of her vulva, and used the other hand to brush some of the larger bits of crumbly plaster off of the seat. There was something down inside the bowl as well. She reached for the flashlight, and shining it down, she saw that mice had built a nest there from old bits of cloth and straw. A small gray mouse peered back up at her, then wrinkled its nose and turned to disappear down the U-bend. Half a dozen baby mice, very tiny and pink, lay sleeping in the nest.

No way, she thought. Just no. I can’t. I’d wet my pants before I’d do that.

The sink? She turned and looked at it.

It was small but serviceable, about waist-high. She’d have to hop up onto it...but when she took hold of the edge of it to steady herself, it shifted on its moorings with an ominous crunching sound.

Hauling her pants back up, Eve ran out into the hall again. There might still be another bathroom. In a house this big, she wouldn’t be at all surprised. But could she find it in time? Closing her zipper painfully over her swollen bladder, she was now really worried. She really would wet her pants very soon. She crossed her legs and hopped up and down, gripping her crotch through her jeans. OK, she told herself.

Calm down.

Think.

OK.

OK.

What about going out onto the porch roof? Yes! She ran to the front bedroom, ran across the littered floor, and looked out through the leaded glass window at the lovely, moonlit expanse of shingled roof just outside the sill. She set the flashlight on the floor and grasped the sash. Pushed. Pushed harder. Locked? She found the lock, twisted it open, tried again. Still it wouldn’t budge. She picked up the light, shone it around the edges of the window, and swore. Someone had nailed it shut.

She ran to the next window. Same thing. She thought about smashing it out, but that would be vandalism. It could get her in serious trouble, and might cost her the bet, too.

She ran to the side window, the one that didn’t overlook the roof. What the hell? She could just hang her butt out into space, piss down the outside of the building. At this point, she didn’t care if she mooned the whole world. But she found these windows sealed, too.

She ran across the hall into another bedroom. Then another. Every window in the house that wasn’t boarded up was nailed shut. She swore again, surprising even herself with her language. She stood in the hallway, almost doubled over, gripping the waistband of her jeans and pulling the fabric hard so that it dug into her vulva. She thought about the beer bottle she’d left downstairs. It wasn’t fair. If she were guy, she could relieve herself into that. Her roommate’s boyfriend had done just that once at a party in a women’s dorm when he couldn’t find a men’s bathroom. A 16 oz. bottle, empty and waiting to be filled—just not by anybody female. It just wasn’t fair. She stood, watching the wavering light of the candle she’d left downstairs, reflected in the stained glass windows on the landing. She wasn’t going to piss on the floor until it was literally the last possible second, but she didn’t want to misjudge when that would be. How long could she last? Ten minutes? Ten seconds?

Suddenly, the candlelight at the foot of the stairs winked out, and she was left with only the flashlight beam stabbing through the darkness. Oh Jesus! She held her breath again, listening to the silence. Then she felt a draft, a chill breeze against her cheek, and shivered, gripping herself even tighter. Air. Moving air. That’s what put the candle out. Which might mean an open window! Maybe? She turned towards where she’d felt the breeze, walked a few steps until she was facing two open doorways side by side. With her thighs pressed together (flashlight pinched between them) and flexing and unflexing her knees, she held the palms of her hands out in front of the doorways.

Come on, she thought. Come on, already! Then she felt it: a slight coolness against her right hand. She grabbed her light and ran in. The window was shut like all the others; there was just one small windowpane near the top that was broken. She had pictured herself sitting on the windowsill with her butt hanging out, but that wouldn’t happen at this window. A guy could empty his beer bottle out that broken pane, and then fill it again and empty it and probably fill it yet again. A girl needed more. A girl couldn’t do anything with that little opening...and this girl desperately had to do something somewhere, and very soon.

Back to the grand staircase and up to the third floor. Please, oh please let there be one more bathroom in this house, and let it be one I can use. She thought about lighting a couple more candles, but didn’t want to take the time. She tried to walk up the stairs quietly, but they creaked underfoot, the sound ringing out and echoing through the emptiness. The hallway up here was narrower, with carpeting that had been pulled up and left in a roll that she had to step over. Doors were still on their hinges, some of them open, others closed. The dark woodwork felt even more oppressive up here, the peeling wallpaper and cracked plaster even creepier. I hate this, she thought. I hate this I hate this. And I have to piss I have to piss I have to piss so bad so bad so bad right now.

An open door. The flashlight showed a bedroom, mostly empty. A broken chair lay on its side in the middle of the floor. This was the turret room—she could see the little alcove in the far corner, windows all around. One of them looked like it might be open a few inches at the very top. She’d remember that. Maybe come back to it if she found nothing else, but first she’d search for the bathroom.

A closed door. Flashlight in front of her, she pushed it gently open...and found a girl’s face staring back at her. Oh God! She screamed and jumped back. It’s her! It’s that girl that was murdered! But then almost immediately she saw it was a mirror hanging on the far wall, and her own reflection she was seeing. She bit down on her screams, clenched her teeth, and crossed her legs tightly, feeling her crotch suddenly too warm. She gripped herself, pressed her free hand tightly into her crotch and felt the wetness. She’d only pissed a little—enough to leave a wet spot. She pointed the flashlight down at her crotch and saw that it was only a small spot; she could cover it with her hand, and it might dry out enough by dawn that her friends wouldn’t notice. She squirmed, holding onto herself, resisting the temptation to go ahead and make the wet spot a whole lot bigger.

She turned and hobbled over to look in another room. Here was the third floor bathroom. This is the room that had flooded to ruin the ceiling downstairs. And in the cleanup, someone had used a crowbar to pull up all the floorboards. She looked across at a the toilet and tub against the far wall, but between her and them were bare floor joists, and between them, only the lath of the downstairs ceiling with bits of plaster still stuck between the flimsy boards. Oh, give me a break, she thought.

In daylight, she might consider walking one of the joists like a tightrope, but with only the flashlight to guide her (and unable to stand still) she had serious worries about misstepping and falling through, perhaps breaking a leg or worse as she crashed through to the bathroom below. And if she did make it across, what would she find? Another horrible, dry, spider-infested toilet where she could leave a puddle. Or the tub, of course, but even that didn’t seem worth the risk. The sink was on the side wall. Bending forward at the waist to lean forward, she could grasp its edge. It felt a little sturdier than the one downstairs, but not much.

There was a glass sitting next to the faucet. A small glass, like a four-ounce juice glass. But

Eve was desperate enough to take it. She leaned forward more, stretched her hand out (please don’t let the sink collapse on me now!) and grabbed it, then shoved herself off the sink and back to a standing position in the doorway.

Back to that turret room to investigate the window. The bottom half was nailed shut, but the top half was in fact open about two inches. Standing on her toes, Eve managed to get her fingers just over the top edge of it and pull down. It budged...caught...slid down a few inches, and then jammed solidly. She tugged on it some more, but clearly that was as far as it was going to go. Still, she’d gotten it open about four or five inches, and that might be enough to pour out the contents of her juice glass. Four ounces at a time —she’d be here all night. But it was better than pissing in her pants.

Quickly, she unzipped again and peeled her jeans down to her knees. The panties, wet at the crotch, were cold and clammy. How to do this, now? She could stand and hold the glass pressed into her crotch, or she could squat over it. She couldn’t quite picture how to hold it between her legs, so set it down on the floor and carefully lowered herself over it. Her bladder was ready to burst, and she was whimpering with the effort of holding on for just these last couple of seconds while she positioned herself, and then the waistband of her jeans caught the glass and knocked it over.

She set it upright again, measured with her fingers exactly where it was and more or less where she was in relation to it, and hoped for the best. Letting go, she made the target (mostly) and heard the loud hiss as she began to fill it. The sound rose in pitch as the glass filled, and then in no time at all she was having to clamp down again for all she was worth to stop the flow. She focussed her whole body into squeezing her thighs together, then reached down to grip hard with her hand, pressing directly onto her urethra. She stood carefully, not wanting to knock the glass over again, and saw that she’d overfilled it by just a little bit. When she lifted it, it left a wet ring on the floor. It was full absolutely to the brim, quivering all around the edge with surface tension.

Slowly, very carefully, she carried it to the window. This was the turret, of course. She was exposed on three sides by windows, with bright moonlight making her pale skin glow in the night. It might have made sense to pull up her jeans, but this was going to be an agonizingly slow process anyway, and no way was she going to slow it down further by pulling her pants up and down with every thimbleful of piss. It actually felt kind of mischievous and fun to be naked from waist to knees as she shuffled up to the window. With her free hand she was still gripping her naked crotch trying to keep from pissing all over the floor as she stood on tip-toes again, lifting the glass to the open crack at the top of the window.

She had to wiggle to keep from squirting out around the edges of her hand, but she forced herself to stay as close to still as she could as she got the glass up onto the top of the sash and then tipped it outward. It poured out in one quick swoosh, and then the glass landed on its side and rolled away from her. She grabbed for it, caught it with the very tips of her fingers only to have it skitter away and roll off the edge. She watched it, helpless, as it fell down the outside of the window and bounced against the outside sill. A second or two later, she heard it shatter against the driveway far below.

Through clenched teeth, she squealed in frustration. She turned away from the window and bounced up and down, grinding her bare thighs together with both hands clamped between them. She swore again, and again, and pulled up her jeans (not zipping them—couldn’t possibly squeeze this bladder any more) and grabbed the flashlight again to run...where?

The roof. There was a flat roof. Could she get out onto the roof? Stairs? A trap door? Or was there an attic between here and there? Down the hall to try more doors. Empty room... Empty room... Closet... Bingo!—a door that opened to a staircase so steep it almost qualified as a ladder. She clambered up it, and emerged into a drafty cavern of an attic, with insulation that had come loose here and there and hung down like dusty stalactites from the rafters. It occurred to her suddenly to wonder where Edgar Winthrop had hung himself. She’d assumed from a tree branch in the yard, or maybe in that ghastly hole of a basement...but looking up at the high rafters, another distinct possibility suggested itself.

Never mind. Don’t even think about that. Her bladder was in pain by now, she had to go so bad. She’d peed four ounces, when it felt like she was carrying around a gallon jug in her pelvis.

Another ladder/staircase, ancient and decrepit, stood directly in front of her. She ran for it and pulled herself quickly up to the top, where she found a trap door set into the roof overhead. Standing sideways on the ladder so she could cross her legs, she braced herself and shoved. It opened easily for an inch but then it caught on something. Bringing up the flashlight, she saw the padlock. Oh, God, no...

OK. Shit. Think, girl! She swung the light around the attic, saw boxes everywhere. Boxes. In her Mom’s house, the old china was boxed up in the attic. Maybe she could find a bowl or something. Anything. She climbed down and pulled open the first box she came to. Kitchen stuff. Good! A tea kettle! Only the bottom was rusted out. She rummaged further, found an antique mixer (no bowls), a set of measuring spoons (no cups), then a layer of crumpled newspaper, and under that—could it be? The metal rim of a nice, wide, deep...colander. Shit fuck damn damn damnit! She moved to the next box, and felt her crotch warm again. She’d leaked a little more. This was pointless. She should just go off into one of the very farthest corners of the attic and...no. The floorboards didn’t reach out to the corners.

Next box. Quart cans of motor oil (full, of course). Under that a tool box. Pliers, wrenches, screwdrivers, bracelets, a hammer...

Bracelets? And a little silver chain. She pulled it slowly out, and at the end, a locket. Under the light, she saw the engraving: “Julia.”

Oh Jesus God. Here it was. Forty years after the fact, but she’d found it. She’d solved the murder.

Now what? She’d have to go to the police, of course. They’d be mad that she was trespassing, but this was way more important. More important than the stupid bet, too. She left the bracelets where they were, to mark the spot, but the locket she held onto, and then tried to put the boxes back as much as possible the way she’d found them, heaving the crate of oil cans up on top of the tool box. As the cans rolled to one side, she saw in with them a funnel. A funnel made from pressed tin, the top edge rolled to a wonderfully soft, rounded edge. Funnel plus beer bottle equals...yes! Finally, a place to piss!

The bottle was all the way downstairs, of course. She grabbed the funnel and turned and ran for the stairs. Funnel in one hand and flashlight in the other, she hobbled down the narrow steps and then dashed along the hallway. Was that light beginning to show outside the window? Then she was at the grand staircase again, taking those steps three at a time as she ran down to the second floor. On the landing, she felt her crotch suddenly hot and damp again and she stopped to grip herself, dropping the funnel and bending over double. Come on, girl! You can do this! One more minute, that’s all! She reached her hand inside her panties to grip herself directly. I can’t let go, she realized. I can’t move my hand or I’m going to wet myself right here. She used two fingers of her flashlight hand to scoop up the funnel and then, with mincing steps, lowered herself one step at a time down the last flight of stairs.

She could hear voices when she got to the bottom—girls’ voices, and laughter—and when she came around the corner into the front sitting room, she saw the boards being lifted away from the window and the light of the azure pre-dawn sky beyond it.

“Eve?” someone called. “Are you there?” It was Chrissy, and then another voice—Fiona’s —’’Maybe the ghost got her,” and then more giggles.

“I’m here!” shouted Eve. “And I solved it! I solved the murder!”

“What?”

“I found it. But I have to...”

“What do you mean? What did you find?” Chrissy was leaning in through the window now.

“Julia’s locket. But... Get out of my way!” Chrissy backed out of the window and Eve held up her jeans (her fly still wide open) as she lifted one foot over the windowsill.

“The missing locket?” The others began talking all at once. “You mean from the dead girl?” “Wow!” “We’ve got to tell someone!”

“Yes!” said Eve, “But first I’ve gotta...” But as Eve ducked through the window and stepped out onto the porch, the girls all crowded round her to get a look at the locket dangling from her hand.

“Oh my God! Is that it?”

She crossed her legs and flexed her knees as she held it up for them to see. “Yes,” she said. She was hopping up and down, desperately trying not to wet herself, but the other girls were jumping up and down almost as much with excitement. She said, “I’m about to burst,” but her meaning was lost on them.

Fiona: “Should we take it to the police?”

Mary: “Oh crap, they’ll know we broke in.”

Beth: “My dad’s a reporter. We should give it to him, he’ll know what to do.”

Eve was pushing past them to the porch steps now, bent almost double, one hand gripping her crotch again. Oh God oh God oh God.

“Let me see it, Eve!”

“Can I look at it?”

The house was only set about 20 feet back from the road, in full view across the weedy lawn. It wasn’t full daylight yet, but there was more than enough light to be seen. She wanted to run around to the back of the house where she could hide in the bushes to pee, but she didn’t think she could make it that far.

“Eve?”

“I...” No. “I’ve...” She lost another little spurt—hot liquid under her fingers. “I have to...” She definitely couldn’t make it. “I HAVE TO PISS!” And then she was pulling down her pants and her underwear, right there on the front porch, in full view of the road and surrounded by her friends. She was already going before she could even squat down all the way, peeing a little on the waistband of her jeans, but then she was down low enough to let go and just piss, piss like crazy, piss like some demented thing, making a huge puddle and, oh God, what if a car came by? She closed her eyes, tried not to think about that or about anything, just how good it felt finally, FINALLY to let go of her pee.

“Oh my God!” someone said.

“Eve!”

“Oh Jeez!”

The other girls were giggling as they stepped back, embarrassed along with her, but she couldn’t stop...not if her life depended on it. When her stream finally slackened off and she opened her eyes, she saw that they had moved down onto the steps, screening her from view as best they could. Eve took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. “Oh God,” she said, “One more second and I would have wet my pants. I had to pee really bad for hours in there, and the bathrooms were all taken apart. It was horrible.” She stood, pulling up her jeans, and looked at Chrissy. “You owe me that CD. Big time.”

“Yeah,” said Chrissy. “Yeah, you earned it.”

“Come on,” said Beth, “let’s get out of here.” Eve climbed back in the window long enough to retrieve her things, and then they made their way single file around back, through the jungle of weeds in the back yard and then through the woods. They were more subdued now, passing the locket back and forth, until they reached their tent and crawled into their sleeping bags, to get (at last) a few hours of sleep.
