Online Dating Isn't All Bad

By Hi_I'm_New (2019-01-30)

Hi all! Before I start I want to preface this with the fact that I wrote this whole story drunkenly in my notes ap. This is NOT how you format dialogue, kids. Pretty much the opposite. Please don't hold me accountable for spelling, either. I'm doing my best out here. 

###

I arrived with a full bladder and no expectations.

After all, how could anyone create any sort of game plan for an evening like this?

Jackson and I had met on tinder. I chose him because he seemed open minded enough judging by the "kink friendly" line in his bio, and he was poly, like me. I had planned to wait a little while before telling him exactly what I was into, but by some miracle I never got the chance to bring it up. After about 5 days of flirty texting and sharing.. ahem.. interests.. Jackson confessed to me he had always been keen towards bladder control.

So, naturally, as I pullled into the parking garage of Jackson's apartment complex I was feeling more than a little excited. I'd never felt comfortable discussing my omorashi fixation with a one night stand before, let alone someone looking for a regular fwb situation, so I knew I couldn't let the opportunity slip through my fingers.

I knocked twice on the door before Jack swung it open, catching me off guard. He shouted his hello as he instantaneously pulled me in for a hug. Usually this would be offputting but with him it just felt right. His 6'3 frame dwarfed me, which is rare as I'm quite tall myself, and the firm yet unagressive contact put me at ease.

"Come in!" he said, breaking off from the hug and waving his arm in the general direction of his apartment, "I have Netflix all set up. I hope you like horror movies!" My anxieties were vanquished.

I sat on a surprisingly plush loveseat and watched the latest pg-13 horror flick while Jackson brought me beer after beer. It seemed like every 15 minutes he was bringing me another Schlitz. Halfway through the movie I began to feel a constant strain in my lower andomen that, if I were at home, I'd have definitely relieved by now.

"Could you pause it?" I asked, a mischievous look painted on my face. "And could you point me toward your bathroom?"

Jackson winked at me. It was so quick that I knew I'd have never spotted it if I wasnt looking for it. The game was on.

"Actually," he said, "We're having maintenance come by first thing in the morning. Just before you got here my roommate informed me that the bathrooms out of commission. But if you wanna head home.."

"No!" I offered "I'm fine." Though, as I said it, I crossed my legs tightly. A clear indication that I was anything but "fine"

We continued the movie in silence as I bounced my legs to combat my increasing need. After a short while I not-so-subtly moved a hand between my thighs, partially to put on a show but also because I was approaching a solid 7.5 on the desperation scale.

Jackson obviously noticed because he immediately and without my asking replaced my empty beer bottle.

"Thanks," I said, as he placed the bottle on the coffee table in front of us "but I'd better hold back on the drinks"

The line between acting and reality had been blurred into nonexistence as I vibrated my legs to try to stay in control of the ocean sloshing around inside me. I was equal parts turned on and writhing in agony as I felt myself reach a true 9/10 on the desperation scale

Squirming helplessly I pleaded my nonexistent case.

"Jackson? I'm really sorry, this is so embarrassing, but I actually do have to pee now. Is there a gas station or something nearby?"

My date for the evening smiled. Of course we both knew his toilet was perfectly functional, but a working bathroom wasnt in our plans.

"Sorry, but theres nothing nearby. If you wanna just end the evening here and drive home though I understand. Some people just can't hold their beer."

"No!" I replied, real urgency showing it's way through my voice "I'm fine. No big deal"

But as my mouth spoke the words my body contradicted them. A wave of desperation overcame me and I dug my fingers into my peehole as I shook violently back and forth on my dates couch.

A clearly experienced actor, Jackson played the role of "concerned gentleman" perfectly. "Here," he offered. "I'll grab your coat. Theres a piggly wiggly about 15 minutes up the road the way you came. You should go."

But as I rose from the couch I truly became my character.

"Jackson! I dont know if I can--"

Just then a huge spurt of pee escaped my defences and dampened my panties beneath my skirt. I clamped down for dear life and agonized on the spot, using both hands to hold my skirt between my legs and bending each leg at the knee in genuine desperation.

"I dont think I can make it 15 minutes. I dont even know if I can make it to your door" I cried

Before Jackson could answer another leak escaped and ran down my leg toward my sneakers. His eyes darted toward my accident instantly as I continued the pee-dance of my life.

"You poor thing," he offered "just let go. I can clean up. You're hurting yourself."

"Really?" I asked, but my body didn't permit a response. The dam burst and hot pee started flooding down my legs. In equal parts relief and arousal I fell to my knees and gripped myself hard as I cried out, surprised to find real tears running down my cheeks.

"Oh god, I cant stop" I whined. And then, as expected Jackson replied "its ok, let it out."

At that cue I spread my legs and let my urine hiss out through my panties onto the carpet. I threw my head back and sighed as I peed for at least a minute and a half as a massive puddle formed beneath me. Once my moans of pleasure succeeded I felt myself starting to cry.

"I'm sorry babygirl. Its ok. Accidents happen. It was my mistake for trusting you to control your bladder. I should have known you weren't going to be able to hold it"

Jackson came at me for what I believed was going to be a comforting embrace, but instead he pushed me back into my own still-warm puddle of piss

"Grown up girls need potty training too" he said, as he pulled aside my soaked white thong.

I nodded my consent and sneaked him a half smile, to which he quickly undid his pants and thrust his throbbing cock into me

"You need to learn control, don't you babygirl?" He coaxed me as I could already feel my bladder filling again.

He continued "I liked seeing you make a mess of my carpet. You couldn't hold another ounce if you tried."

With that another hot dribble of pee leaked out of me and onto his dick.

"Poor thing" he said "how embarrassing to wet yourself on a first date."

Instantly I was pushed over the edge as my body convulsed in an orgasm. As I did so I lost control of the rest of my fluid content adding to the puddle on the ground. As my piss ran over the base of Jacksons cock he came too, and we were both left in a wet pile on the ground.

The rest of the night was as lovely as I could have hoped for. We finished the movie and ordered in food, not adressing the events of the evening but silently comforting each other all the same. Before I left I changed into the spare clothes I'd brought with me and as I walked to my car with a bag full of pee-soaked shame I knew I'd be back.
