My Watery Fantasy

By Dickie (1997’09) T#380

This is a revised version of a fantasy I have had for years, I wrote it  before I really got into pissing; when my wet pleasure was centred around  swimming and showering in my clothes and observing others getting soaked. It  was inspired by a Californian swinging club called Caesar's visited in a TV  documentary in the early eighties. 

The piss scene which comes towards the end was written about a year ago with  the intention of posting the whole story in Monty's Forum. I not sure whether  it appeared as this was about the time of his hard disk crash; so some of you  may have an earlier version of it already.

Most of the sex in the story is heterosexual; however some of the scenes  involve male homosexual behaviour in the presence of third parties. Be  forewarned and enjoy or avoid according to the law of your country/state and  your conscience.

###

I am a member of a very private club which caters for people of both sexes  and any orientation who like to get together and enjoy themselves. Amongst  other facilities it has a bar, a dance floor, a squash court, a sauna suit, a  small swimming pool, half a dozen small bedrooms with large beds, and a  'recreation' room with a twelve foot diameter circular mattress.

One night I had dropped in after work, with nothing in particular in mind,  and was sitting in the cellar bar with four other members, two men and two  women, both couples, whom I knew slightly. I was vaguely wondering if I  fancied fucking one of them, and if so whom? and would they be interested?  and would they prefer the recreation room or the privacy of a bedroom. I put  all such speculation aside when a very striking tall woman in a smart cream  dress walked in.  She had dark hair and strong features relieved by a  mischievous twinkle in her eye. She looked to be about 35 years old. She knew  Sally who introduced her as Penny and sat down right opposite me. I lost no  time in getting to know her; being very taken by the sight of stocking tops  and soft thigh as her skirt rode up. The flash of lacy underwear every time  she shifted her position, which she did frequently with just enough mock  modesty to ensure my interest, began to give me a hard on.

As we chatted about this and that our body language showed that both of us  had something else on our minds. We soon left the group and wandered upstairs  to where one of the more unusual features of the club is situated. This is  another dimly lit bar area with a ring of seats around a circular 'window' in  the floor. This looks down into the recreation area where you can observe  couples making love without their being able to see you. Half of the fun of  the recreation area, which I have used often, is not knowing who, or how  many, people are watching from just the other side of the low mirrored  ceiling. 

There was one couple in that night but, as we sat down and started to watch,  they finished and started to leave. Alternating my gaze from Penny's deep  brown eyes to where her nipples thrust through her thin top I suggested  softly that if we couldn't be the audience we might be the actors. She got up  coyly and shook her head with a little laugh. "I'm not that easy, you'll have  to catch me first," and she fleetingly brushed her lips against mine before  dancing away.

I jumped up and followed, a bit of a chase always adds spice, and she lead me  on a lightening tour of the club. Weaving in and out of the people on the  dance floor, where she let me catch up for long enough to dance a quick, 'X'  rated, fox trot before running off again. The next time I caught up with her  she had dodged into the changing room where we paused to watch two women  kissing and fondling each other under a shower apparently totally oblivious  of the other users of both sexes enjoying the spectacle. 

She was just ahead of me as she trotted out onto the pool side and dodged to  left and right as I made grabs for her. Cornered, she stepped onto the spring  board and walked gingerly to the end before turning to face me looking pretty  and vulnerable in her fancy clothes poised above the water. I had her now, or  so I thought, and followed her onto the bouncy plastic plank to claim my  prize. I intended to take her hand and lead her back to the recreation room  and when I reached the end, we embraced and kissed, a deep sensuous kiss. As  I relaxed into the kiss she leaned slowly backwards and I followed; until the  inevitable happened and we toppled into the pool.

We clung tightly together as we hit the water and surfaced still embraced.  Another kiss caused us to submerge again. As our breath gave out Penny broke  free and struck out for shallower water with me in close pursuit. 

Penny looked stunning as she stood up; her breasts rose just above the  surface and their nipples, hard and erect with dark aurora, showed clearly  through the thin fabric of her dress. She held me at arms length and, opening  my jacket, stroked me through my wet shirt. Her hands progressed downwards to  grasp my rock hard prick through my trousers and then unzipped them to ease  it out. Keeping a firm hold she backed towards the pool side and then curled  her stocking clad legs around me; virtually sitting on my erection. So near  yet so far.

"Not yet, eat me first," she gasps and, releasing her grip, she just gives me  time to take a deep breath before she pushing my head under the water.

Her skirt floats up with a touch as, holding my breath I nuzzle under it and  pull her frilly French knickers to one side to lick and eat her pussy until I  am bursting for air.

As I come up I notice that she is positioned so that her butt is pressed  against the glass of a viewing window, the other side of which is the bar  where we started and where our friends are still sitting. Now an audience I  LIKE, even better than watching, and I decide to give them a real show. The  next time I go down to give her a tonguing I make sure the back of her skirt  is lifted too and my hand comes behind her to pull the back of her knickers  aside before I massage her arsehole feeling it dilate beneath my fingers; I  insert my thumb and echo the work my tongue is doing on her clit and my first  two fingers are doing in her vagina. 

Lungs bursting once more I headed for the surface to applause from the other  pool users who had all stopped their own naked frolics to watch this fully  dressed couple sporting in the water. Now was the time to finish the job and,  once more raising her skirt and pulling her frilly knickers aside, I eased my  erection against her. She wrapped her legs around me and dragged me inside  her cunt which is suddenly burning hot in comparison with the cold water. As  we bobbed downwards I held her skirt up so that the guys in the bar could  have a good view and we experienced our first immersed, and thus weightless  'knee trembler'. The excitement had been so intense and the friction so great  with the lubricant washed away that we were soon both finished; coming  together with much gasping and splashing. We separated grinning like two  Cheshire cats.

A series of quick kisses establishes that there is more to come and by the  time we leave the pool I am beginning to be hard again; but Penny has other  ideas and carefully straightens our wet clothes against our bodies tucking,  tidying and fastening. She then take me by the hand and leads me back  downstairs into the bar leaving wet footprints all down the stairs.

We plot together and pick on Susan, who Penny knows best out of the group, to  be the unsuspecting partner in the next stage of our game. Susan is scantily  dressed in a short white satin slip dress with thin straps and hold up  stockings. 

The group and the rest of the members in the bar applaud as we enter and we  take a bow. Then Penny takes Susan's hands and suddenly pulls her forward  into a soggy embrace. Sue pulls back with a squeal shaking the wet front of  her dress. Her nipples are rock hard through the fabric and she looks down at  this in mock alarm and starts to attack Penny with the contents of her glass. 

I grab her from behind pretending to protect Penny but my real motive is to  hold her against my wet suit and soak the back of her dress to match the  front; at the same time rubbing my prick between the cheeks of her bum;  finding it unencumbered by underwear apart from the narrow back of her tanga  briefs. Penny reaches out and grabs me so that Susan is clamped between us.  Totally surrounded by wet bodies she gives up and starts working herself up  and down; wanking me with her bum through my wet trousers and massaging her  breasts against Penny's. She then kisses Penny; with the fingers of one hand  entwined in her long wet hair and those of the other working below seeking  her cunt. 

She finds the crack and probes, "Oooh sticky", she murmurs and, freeing  herself from my clutches, she drops to her knees, lifts Penny's skirt and  buries her face in her wet twat; where the pool water is mingling with our  sex juices. She licks and sucks with relish before straightening up and  swallowing, and then licking her chops in an exaggerated manner. Her face and  hair are now also totally messed up and her dress is almost as wet as our  clothes. We trade kisses and she fondles my dick briefly but declines further  immediate sex; she has other ideas and whispers in my and Penny's ears. 

Following her plan the three of us turn our attention to our immaculate  friends. They have been greatly enjoying the spectacle but are now looking  rather anxious, wondering who is going to be next. I decide that it just has  to be Dave, he has on a new pair of chino's and a matching jacket and the  women grab one arm each while I pull him towards me into a wet embrace  pressing as much of my body as I can against his. Now I had never kissed Dave  before, or indeed ascertained whether he kisses men, but in these  circumstances I decide it's too bad if he doesn't like it; after the way his  eyes popped and his trousers bulged as the two women kissed and finger  fucked.

He responds OK, returning my kiss with vigour. As I press my prick into his  crotch it meets his own engorged member straining at the fabric. I press  between his legs forcing the water out of my trousers against his thighs. His  erection grows harder and I cramp his prick between my legs feeling it  pulsate as my tongue explores his mouth and my left hand fondles his  buttocks. My heart beats faster and I am on the verge of orgasm before he  pulls back and stares into my eyes. When we separate I look down at his  groin. His erection is as enormous as it felt and it looks exactly as though  he has pissed his pants due to the water squeezed out of my suit.

After gathering my breath and not being ready to fuck Dave just yet I turn my  attention to Anna. She has clearly come to the club straight from the office  as she is very smartly and formally dressed in a green business suit with a  narrow rather short skirt, and a neat cream blouse. With the help of the  other two women I pull her out of her seat and give her the same treatment I  gave Dave, trying to squeeze as much water as possible out of my clothes onto  hers. There is not much left by now however and she is hardly damp when I  pull back. She looks relieved to have come off so lightly but I was not  having that and grabbing a bottle of tonic from the table I slowly and  carefully poured it down her cleavage; it collected in her Bra before  dripping through onto the top of her skirt where it spread in a dark stain.  At this the barman, who has been enjoying the show up to now, decides enough  is enough and that his carpet is going to get soaked; so he orders us all  out.

As we make our way upstairs we realise that there is one member of our party  who is still perfectly dry. Paul had managed to keep well out of the way  while enjoying the spectacle. We frog marched him to a plastic seat near the  pool murmuring vague threats. "Sit there while we decide what to do with  you." Dave tells him. 

With a glint in her eye Anna sits in his lap; she is dry behind and indeed  still looks very smart except for the tonic stain down her front. "Never mind  darling," she murmurs into his ear, putting her arm around his neck, "I'll  protect you from those nasty rough kids." 

The rest of us dance round them chanting; "throw him in the pool, the pool,  the pool, the pool, the pool; throw him in the pool."

Then Anna's expression changed to one of pure devilment; she spread her legs  slightly and wriggled further into his lap. He looked at her lovingly but a  bit apprehensive. Then she tensed and we heard a sharp hissing sound. 

Paul looked horrified and tries to push her off and get up. She has pissed a  great flood in her knickers and through the back of her skirt onto his lap.  When he finally managed to shake her off he was absolutely saturated and  burning for revenge. 

"Hold her down; two can play at that game" 

Penny and I grabbed her and pinioned her to the floor, kneeling on either  side of her. Paul then yanked his prick out and released a yellow stream over  her as she lay there helpless. He was careful to ensure that he sprayed very  inaccurately and we got soaked too. Then Dave got his monster out and  directed his stream at Paul's ass until Sue got in the way of the flow by  putting her hands between them and deflecting his piss back over his front.  Pushing Dave back into the chair she jumped into his lap and soaked him with  her own piss. Things got a bit confused after that and soon we were all in a  sprawling in a wet pissy heap; absolutely drenched.

Once again 'authority' intervened; this time represented by a laughing pool  attendant who, as we made a move towards the pool, turned his hose on us and  ordered us to go and shower thoroughly; he didn't want the gallon and a half  of piss that soaked our clothes polluting his water. 

So we moved to the showers in the changing room. These were of the communal  kind with a row of shower heads arranged around an open area. Besides the  fixed heads there were additional mixers with flexible hoses. Here we started  to hose each other down cleaning up our clothes in the process.

These games were extremely arousing for me; especially when Dave thrust one  of the shower heads into my waste band and turned it on full power. I enjoyed  it for several minutes until he came right in close and dropped it as our  sexes met six inches apart. 

I was becoming particularly taken with Dave, he had returned my kiss with  such vigour and when he stooped in front to massage my legs I guided his head  towards my groin. He unzipped me and eased out my ridged organ taking it into  his large sensuous mouth playing upon it with a rare finesse. He pulled away  as a crowd began to gather and unbuckled my belt to let my trousers fall to  my ankles and I stepped out of them.

Penny then pulled him out of the way and proceeded to remove my underpants;  placing her lips for a short time where Dave's had just been. Not to be  outdone Sue and Anna finished stripping me and each kissed my prick in a way  which indicated there was more to come. So I was soon standing naked in the  shower with a monster erection. 

Paul took a very small part in my disrobing stating that men weren't really  his thing. A very friendly hug and a kiss on each cheek was all he would do,  and he was clearly embarrassed by this.

I then took the major part in stripping Penny, with enthusiastic help from  all the others; she also had her sex massaged and kissed by the whole  company. This time Paul was very keen. Anna and Sue received similar  treatment melting into each other so thoroughly that us men hardly got a look  in. 

Dave's turn came next; the women positively ripped his clothes off leaving me  little to do except give his gorgeous member the same treatment he had given  me. Again Paul held back.

Paul looked rather embarrassed as Dave and I approached him and we consented  to let the women have the major share of his lower body. When he was entirely  naked however I did insist on giving him a proper hug and felt his prick  stiffen against me so he wasn't entirely repelled by men. 

I reached down between us and took his erect penis in my hand. "For someone  who doesn't fancy men this is pretty hard." I wanked it up and down a few  times.

"OK I admit it I am turned on, it's just it's the first time I've ever  touched, or been touched by, another man except in fantasy and I have to get  used to it. A first time with you all watching is a bit too much." 

Relenting I released him and allowed the three women to restore his  equanimity. A task they evidently enjoyed and over which he was completely  uninhibited.

Thus ended the wet part of the evening. We shut off the showers and gathered  all our clothes into a basket. 

Dave and Anna charmed the attendant; a slightly overweight man in his fifties  in the regulation T-shirt and loose nylon shorts, and borrowed some towels  for us to dry off and bribed him to wash and dry all our clothes. Exactly  what they promised him I'm not sure but he sported a big grin and a monster  erection straining at his shorts as he carried the basket into his laundry  room. 

Drying off provided lots more of opportunities to touch each other up and  increase our arousal. Paul was already beginning to get used to men and  towelled Dave's prick carefully.

A check of the video monitor showed the recreation area was empty; so we  occupied it and settled down to party beneath the mirrored ceiling with it's  unknown number of wanking watchers above. Penny and I had a return match to  play and then maybe finish what I had started with Dave; followed by some or  all of the others. If they were interested and we lasted that long. Meantime  they formed their own pairs. Anna and Sue were immediately totally absorbed  in each other. This left Paul and Dave together; and Paul rose to the  occasion pretty well considering. 

The end.

