The Origins of Infinite Capacity-13

Author: Splashfics

13. Double Bubble Trouble

Never had two girls more eagerly anticipated the end of a final period... Separated by schedules, Jade squirmed impatiently through Biology, while Chandra did her best not to attract attention at the back of Sociology.

Squinting through amber tinted lenses, the wall clock let them both know they were merely five minutes away from freedom, but the indifferent pace of its ticking was no comfort at all. Even less so was the fact that they still had to find each other and make their way to a lavatory that might as well have been on the other side of the country as far as they were concerned.

They'd gone over the details of their exit strategy the day before. Jade had found the ‘perfect ladies' loo’ tucked away in a discreet corner of the third floor of the nearby shopping centre and they were to make the short walk there as soon as their final classes were over... However given the state they were in, that 'short walk' was looking more and more like an arduous trek...

Chandra had consumed a huge amount of liquid. Without a doubt, far more than she'd had to drink in both the previous months and it felt like her bladder, pushed to its limit, was beginning to expand into the rest of her body. Knowing how absurdly full it would get, she'd deliberately worn her loosest pair of trousers and had bargained on the additional leeway of their elasticated waist, but the degree of desperation she was witnessing surpassed anything she could have reasonably anticipated. It would take a colossal effort to part her legs, let alone to even stand up... And that was if she didn't rupture her waistband - or anything else in the meantime.

Thankfully, Jade was going all the way with her this time. She'd nobly decided to drink as much as she could bear and hold in her pee all day, so she too could 'experience the moment' alongside Chandra. She'd practised hard - In fact they'd both been at the kegels - And together they hoped they could pull each other through to the very end.

So when the time finally came and the bell signalled the end of the day, Chandra thought immediately of Jade as she hesitantly unwound her knotted limbs. Somewhere in the building Jade too would be absolutely bursting and desperate not to be kept waiting a moment longer.

But walking through the corridors without drawing attention to herself would be nigh on impossible with a bladder so full, especially now she had no assistance from her crossed thighs.

Thinking on her feet, she had a sudden brainwave and backed into the corner just out of view. Using her thick outer coat as cover, she pulled an arm inside the sleeve, taking care not to accidentally elbow herself in the gut as she did so and covertly slipped her fingers in between her legs. If anyone said anything about her floppy left sleeve missing a hand, she would blame it on the cold weather...

Either way, it was time to move. Jade's classroom was nearer to the lobby, so she might already be there... Chandra hobbled along as quickly as she could and before long she was groping inside her satchel for her entry card. She scanned the lobby as she entered it, anticipating the sight of Jade, but instead finding, to her horror, that Jade was nowhere to be seen.

‘Where the bloody hell is she?'

A frantic panic gripped Chandra’s body. She was at her limit. She couldn't bear to wait any longer.

‘Maybe she's waiting for me outside..!'

It went against their plan, but Chandra needed something, anything to clutch onto and shuffled through the main doors. After a quick look to each side and down the steps to the main road, it became clear that Jade wasn't there either...

Unable to remain on her feet, Chandra returned to the lobby and crumpled into one of the benches. She had to trust that Jade hadn't abandoned her and would show up soon... But as the minutes ticked by she found herself entering dangerous territory.

Ten minutes passed. Ten minutes in which Chandra knew she could have made it to the toilet and finally started peeing... But still no Jade. Her legs hopped madly and she felt herself on the very cusp of losing control. The lobby was empty now and just as she was about to give up hope, she heard distantly the shuffle of another pair of frantic feet, the rustle of someone moving quickly through the corridors; It had to be Jade - if it wasn't, she would have thrown in the towel - but to her beaming delight, it was.

‘Oh, Jade! What took you?’

Rising to her feet as quickly as she could without causing herself an accident, Chandra eyed her friend as she fumbled through the barriers. She had never seen someone so desperately in need of a toilet in her life. Holding herself via her skirt pocket and using her spare hand for everything else, Jade was in a quite dire state.

‘I'm so sorry, Chandra! Let's go! Let's go!!’

Chandra didn't need any further prompting. She simply allowed her body to move automatically - albeit awkwardly - after Jade and they barged their way out the front of the building and headed towards the main road.

A relentless chill lashed at their bodies all the way down the main steps, pushing them to within an inch of disaster.

‘Ugh... That one went right through me!’ moaned Chandra, her legs quivering.

Jade, feeling more than a little bit guilty, tried to lead the way and advanced along the pavement ahead of her.

‘This way, Chandra!’ she croaked, in a voice that betrayed her lack of confidence. She was obviously doing everything she could to move quickly and discreetly, however grimacing all the while, she soon had to stop.

‘I... I don't know if I can make it. Oh gosh, Chandra... I think I'm going to wet myself!’

‘No, don't say that! You're not! Come on, we're going to make it!’

Although Chandra was shaken by Jade's words, having never heard her speak in such a defeated tone, she tried to put on a brave face and perhaps it would have worked had she not been carrying such an unreasonably full bladder of her own, but she too was long past her threshold and knew an accident was around the corner if they didn't find a solution immediately.

As luck would have it however, a solution would present itself around the very next corner. With neither Chandra nor Jade able to muster the strength to make it back to college, Chandra scanned the surrounding area and spotted a side door adjacent to a small newsagents. Instinctively, she dragged Jade towards it with her free hand.

Climbing over anything in their condition would have been laughably impossible, so Chandra was glad to find the door unlocked and they quickly slipped through into the alleyway behind.

‘Can't believe I'm trespassing again...’ she thought and throwing all caution to the wind, Chandra let desperation take the wheel.

Jade knew Chandra's makeshift solution was their only hope for relief and before Chandra had even closed the gate, she was pulling up her skirt and rolling down her tights. With her back against the alley wall, Jade squatted and spread her knees. She immediately released an almighty torrent that hit the ground with unnerving ferocity. It had been a record hold for her, so the resulting deluge quite aptly reflected the degree to which she had suffered all day long.

‘Oooh... that feels... soo good!’

Chandra glimpsed over her shoulder at Jade moaning and squirming up against the wall. Seeing her unbridled relief up close and personal was torturous and she squeezed herself harder than ever, trembling whilst heroically keeping an eye out at the door.

‘Hurry up, Jade, I'm going to burst.’

‘Sorry, Chandra!’ laughed Jade guiltily, acknowledging the surprising length of her pee, which was also a personal record, powerfully stretching past a minute for the first time in her memory.

‘Haaahh... is this what it feels like to be you?’ Jade sighed as her stream splashed noisily.

‘Not at the moment, funnily enough!’ Chandra replied, somehow able to joke whilst on the verge of tears.

‘Sorry, I'm almost done!’

Jade was topping out and finally started to taper off. Chandra could sense that her turn was fast approaching and turned around to see Jade just about managing to straddle a puddle that stretched halfway across the alleyway.

‘Oh my gosh, did I do all that!’ Jade remarked, though it shouldn't have been surprising after over a minute and a half of torrential bliss.

Chandra seized her opportunity. At last she could pee and she wasted no time, not even waiting for Jade to finish pulling up her clothes before squatting down slightly away from where she'd been. The ecstasy that followed was everything she'd waited for and more. Her body slumped against the alley wall and her trembling legs just barely managed to remain planted firmly on the ground, stopping her from toppling over and being swept away in a maelstrom of the most intense sensation. A thick, violent rope of steaming liquid burst from inside her, arcing wildly across the alleyway, striking against the other wall and narrowly missing Jade on her way to the gate to keep an eye out.

‘Sorry!!’

‘It’s okay, you didn't get me!’ confirmed Jade, her voice shaking with bewilderment.

Unable to keep her eyes on the crack in the gate though, Jade was too enticed by the sounds coming from behind her.

‘Chandra, that's... so much pee.’

She stared, spellbound by the extraordinary scene playing out in front of her. She marvelled at the power and size of Chandra's stream and was stunned by the fact that it was apparently impervious to time. On and on it went, every moment as strong as if it were the first, never diminishing in the slightest. Jade couldn't turn her eyes away. She had never been more captivated by anything in her life. Her breath began to come in short pants as the minutes stacked on top of one another and she witnessed, first hand, the stark reality of Chandra's enchantment. This was no trick of the light, nor was it sleight of hand. Chandra was peeing before her very eyes, more copiously and powerfully than she knew was possible. It was a truly fearsome sight.

‘Please don't be afraid!'

Chandra's face, wrought of the sweetest distress, turned to look at her friend's petrified eyes. Pinned back by wave after wave of relief, she was barely able to keep her own eyes open, but had noticed Jade had fallen silent some time ago. Her words brought Jade to her senses and she quickly snapped out of a trance.

‘No, sorry. Of course, it's just. Wow...’

In her distraction, Jade had overlooked the growing puddle at Chandra's feet, which had now reached the other wall and was rapidly spreading everywhere. It was all around Chandra and leaving her nowhere to rest her satchel, so Jade rushed in to take it from her, disregarding her own shoes in the process.

Before long, the puddle grew to such an extent that it was impossible to avoid, no matter where they stood and the entire alleyway was soon filled, front to back and side to side.

‘Gosh, I'm really sorry about this, Jade... I didn't realise it would be so much...’

Though, as much as she apologised, Chandra was powerless to stop herself. Likewise, Jade couldn't stop staring and, quite the opposite of perturbed, she shook her head in awe.

‘It's okay... You must be in heaven!' she grinned.

'Mmmh, you could say that...’ Chandra purred, ‘But honestly, I don't think I've even started yet... Are you sure you don't mind waiting?’

‘I won't go anywhere. You waited ages for me after class, so it's only right!’ responded Jade defiantly, although it was clear she was in no hurry to leave.

‘Oh yeah!’ Chandra suddenly remembered, ‘What was the hold up?’

‘Ugh...’

Jade threw her head back recalling what happened.

‘I got held back for not paying attention... Seriously! I had no idea what my name was, let alone the difference between DNA and RNA. What was I meant to say? Anyway, I was more worried about letting you down, really. I thought you'd hate me for taking so long!' she said seriously.

Ah that's rotten!' replied Chandra. ‘You don't have to worry about me hating you though! Not after today. I think it's safe to say you're my best friend now... And compared to the last one, you're a damned sight more trustworthy too!’

Chandra smiled wryly as her mind cast itself back to the night of her expulsion. Where it would normally have caused her discomfort though, tonight she felt lifted enough that she took pleasure in re-imagining that difficult chapter. In particular, she wondered how much more flustered Mrs Whitebeam would have been if she were here right now, having to sit through a pee that was easily twice as long as the one she’d witnessed - and not even finished yet! Now Chandra was beaming. And so was Jade.

But as Chandra's pee beamed into the wall and cascaded down the glistening bricks, neither she nor Jade was aware that the flood they were standing in was no longer confined to the alleyway. Under their eyes and the gap beneath the alley gate, it had begun to creep out onto the pavement and stretch towards the main road. Several tributaries meandered their way over the paving slabs and were feeding into a new and growing puddle in the gutter. Once converged, the curious streams even posed a bit of an obstacle for passers by, forcing them to step over the fast flowing liquid at their feet...

Some thirty minutes in, Chandra had not managed to put a dent in her bladder. Jade was still struggling to keep her eyes away as pee blasted out of her friend like from a bottle rocket. All of a sudden though, both girls were prompted into vigilance as they heard a voice outside the gate.

‘Yeah, mate. It's cornin' from round the side?

The anonymous individual seemed to have just emerged from the Newsagents with the apparent shop-owner in tow.

‘Oh brilliant... Must be a burst water main... Well, thank you for letting me know...’

The man sighed, sounding rather fed up, but for now, staying where he was. Jade pressed her full body weight up against the gate, panicking and hoping desperately that he wasn't about to come over and confirm his suspicion.

‘No worries. You'll wanna call the council out though I reckon. Whole bloody city's failin' apart I swear...’

The anonymous voice trailed off as it walked away and Jade and Chandra held their breath. For the time being the shop-keeper seemed to be surveying the extent of the 'leak' from the safety of the pavement and didn't come any closer. He mumbled something under his breath, before his footsteps could be heard heading back inside the shop.

‘Oh gosh, Chandra. That was so close,’ Jade frantically whispered at the still gushing Chandra. ‘Are you nearly finished?’

‘Of course I'm not, I'm still bursting. Crap, crap, crap! Gosh I'm sorry, Jade... I can't stop going, it's... Just too much for me to stop.’

Chandra was really panicking now. She didn't want to be caught with her knickers down again and as far as she knew, they could be barged in on at any moment. She also knew that she was putting Jade in a very difficult position...

‘Do... Do you want to just head off without me...’ Chandra suggested miserably as her impetuous stream crashed on.

Without even a moment's hesitation, Jade violently shook her head. The mere thought of abandoning Chandra still hadn't crossed her mind and she defiantly let Chandra know.

Chandra's smile could have lit up the whole alleyway. Although she was still considerably worried, it made a world of difference having Jade by her side and they endured a tense twenty minute spell. Every footstep on the pavement outside set their pulses racing as their minds pictured all the worst case scenarios.

Pedestrians continued to pass by and some expressed their amusement at the river that had sprung up in such an unexpected place. This admittedly offered light comic relief, but the next moment, when the shop-keeper re-emerged, talking grumpily on the telephone, the girls' hearts were in their mouths.

‘I've got the bloody Thames flowing out of my alley! Need you to come down as soon as to cover me while I sort this out.’

His voice sounded like it was coming dangerously close to the gate.

‘Nah, I'm not sure. Just having a look behind there now...’

Jade grimaced at his words, hopelessly turning to Chandra who, in her current state would be like a lamb to the slaughter. Jade put everything she had into blocking the gate with her body and felt it budge slightly as the shop-keeper fiddled with the latch.

‘Bloody thing...’ he cursed, realising he might need to use two hands to shift the 'stubborn' door and gave it another push.

Jade stood firm, doing all she could to keep from squealing. The shop-keeper, growing impatient, barged the gate once more, with a great deal more force and jolted Jade off balance. One more of those would be enough to upend her... And then came the final thrust that did it. She fell back and hit the alley wall as the gate shuddered open a few centimetres. Chandra, from her position on the floor looked up, terrified. While she bashfully covered herself in an attempt to protect her decency, she knew the jig was up. There was nothing else to do than meekly await her reckoning...

‘Oi! What the bloody hell d'you think you’re doing? It's not a free-for-all, you know.’

Unexpectedly, or expectedly, seeing as he'd left nobody to watch his shop, some cheeky individual had gone in and helped themselves to a can of drink while the shop-keeper’s back was turned. And he couldn't have spotted them escaping at a more perfect moment...

‘But there weren’t no one at the till, so-’

‘Don't take the piss, lad... Go on, in you go!’

Abandoning the gate for the time being, the shopkeeper escorted the young man back inside to pay for his beverage and to give him a proper ear full.

Somehow, inexplicably, they'd escaped detection. Jade gingerly re-latched the gate and stared, stunned at its wooden panels...

Chandra inched herself up the wall for the umpteenth time that night to save her poor knees. It was well over an hour since they'd urgently barged their way into the alleyway and yet a familiar, super thick stream still splattered noisily into the half inch pool covering the ground. Surely, she thought, this pee must be coming to an end... As magnificent as the relief was and as much as she wanted it to go on, the risk and feeling of uncertainty surrounding their safety was too much to ignore. In addition, not only were her joints sore but her hands were getting extremely cold.

‘Jade... I think... I think I'm nearly done?

Chandra felt a shift in gear down below. She had finally peaked.

‘Really?’

Jade turned around to witness the arc of pee recede suddenly and start to dwindle. It retreated down the wall and across the alley, ultimately meeting its end where it had begun, between Chandra's legs. As the last drop fell, Chandra stood up stiffly and started re-dressing herself.

‘Okay. Definitely all done! Is the guy about?’

Splashing slowly on her tiptoes towards the gate, Chandra wasn't keen to stick around and was more than ready to make herself scarce.

‘No, he still hasn't come back!'

Jade peeked again through the gap to make sure.

‘Shall we make a dash then, before he does?’

Jade turned to see Chandra grinning at her. She needed no more convincing and quickly as she could, she unfastened the latch on the gate and swung it open. The pair of girls leapt through and bolted off past the shop front, crossing their fingers and hoping neither the shopkeeper nor any passers by had spotted them.

As they ran, they caught sight of the enormous, glistening trail leading from the alleyway to the road. The gutter was flooded with Chandra's pee and a backlog ran almost the entire length of the street. Jade was tickled silly by the monumental sight of this and held her stomach, howling with laughter.

‘Chandra!! Oh my goodness, did you see how far that puddle went!’ Jade asked, panting heavily as they tried to catch their breath in a side road.

Fighting through tears of laughter, Chandra had difficulty speaking, but she too was flabbergasted by what she'd seen. Bending over to try and catch her breath, she noticed that her shoes were soaked, which didn't help and only set her off again.

‘Well these are going in the bin, they're absolutely ruined!’

A quick look over at Jade's confirmed hers were in a similar state, but due to their emotions running so high and the swirling adrenaline in their veins, neither was particularly bothered. In fact, it gave them an excuse to complete their original plan of going to the shopping centre.

They set off in excellent spirits, just as the heavens opened and it began to rain. Taking shelter from the elements, they spent the next hour searching for the cheapest shoes and socks they could find, as well as larking about for good measure. Jade managed to find the most tasteless pair of ankle boots, complete with a funny-looking moon embroidered into the side and proposed that to mark the occasion, they buy matching pairs. Chandra was more than happy to oblige and they changed into them before merrily sauntering home.
