Sally Pt. 2

Author: TheDoc (1997'07)

She shrugged her shoulders as if the magic spell had been broken and got up to look out the window. Both of our properties shared a river and the view was fantastic. Both Sally and myself shared interests in wildlife and bush landscapes and we would sit many a happy morning drinking coffee listening to the parrots and other animals around.

Sally turned around from the window with a smile and suggested that some fresh air might be nice for a change. I agreed and suggested that as it was lunchtime we could walk the trail to the edge of the river and have a picnic lunch on the rocks overlooking the river.

We packed a lunch and headed off. It was a lovely day and so quiet and we weren’t even off our properties! This was a flat open trail and Sally had changed into practical clothes. She had a white loose t-shirt on and a loose pair of shorts with an elastic panel in front for her tummy. Sally had grown in the last two weeks and the elastic panel was stretching madly, it also caused her shorts to ride up her ass and as we walked along I would stop to admire something so that Sally would be in front. She seemed to have come alive now and was chatting away constantly.

The walk only took 10 minutes and we were approaching the giant sandstone boulders which overhung the river 80 metres below. Normally its easy but with Sally being pregnant it was awkward for her. We had to slide down about 10 feet on this rounded boulder and then climb up about the same distance on to the huge boulder where we would sit.

Sally asked me to go down first and then she would sit on the rock and slide down slowly, I was to be her emergency brake! I slid down the rock (about the same distance as a children’s slide in the park) and turned around to help Sally. I leaned forward and lay on the rock and with my hands out stretched I was about 3 feet from Sally.

As she sat down the only thing that I saw was her crotch!! With her shorts already riding up her crotch, as she sat down one side of them practically disappeared and I could see almost half of a lip protruding. I was instantly hard and it was only that I was lying against the rock that Sally didn’t notice my excitement.

I must have been staring too long because Sally yelled “Hey, are you going to help me or what?” She began to edge her way down and I grabbed the bottom of her boots to slow her down and take some of her weight. As she slid down not only was her crotch getting closer but her pants were being pulled up even further. As her knees came level with my face I moved back from the boulder to allow Sally to slide the last four feet between me and the boulder. As I leaned back I still remember Sally’s crotch sliding past my face with one side of her vagina protruding out.

As she slide to the ground I felt her large tummy slide past me and hit my erect cock. I did everything to keep a straight face. But by the grin on Sally’s face I was sure she knew what had happened. “It’ll be an interesting climb back” and with that Sally walked towards the last boulder. Here the climb was easier with enough smaller rocks and ledges to climb up the 10 or so feet.

Again Sally suggested that she go first and that I could follow just in case she lost her footing. She set off and as we climbed my face was no more than a foot from her ass. Sally was really concentrating on the climb and was going slowly. Generally she is very fit and does a lot of walking but now she had to watch her balance. I was so close to her ass now that I would get whiffs of a smell of faint urine and perfume.

I dropped back one step and she rose another foot. I was now looking up the side of her shorts! Sally had no panties on underneath!! I could see part of her smooth lips. The seam of her shorts would constantly tighten and loosen as she climbed and I could see it rubbing against her pussy.(Why isn’t she wearing any panties???) I didn’t know and this made me even more excited.

Sally scrambled to the top and I followed up. We were now on the western boundary of her property looking down to the river about 80 metres below. We were surrounded by natural bush as there was about 50 acres between us and a public road, other farm properties adjoined the other bank of the river and were similarly isolated. (At the time I was not admiring the view, I still couldn’t work out why Sally had no panties on???!!!)

I spread out one of those synthetic super thin neoprene mattresses (you know the ones hikers carry to sleep on, the ones that roll up to nothing.) so Sally could sit down comfortably. Even though she was very fit the pregnancy had made her out of breathe and her face was rosy.

“I didn’t think I’d make the last couple of feet” she said. “Sure you could,” I replied. “I must be unfit look, my legs are still trembling.” I could see her nice legs I couldn’t see them trembling but that didn’t bother me. Sally started to unpack the small backpack I had brought and set up our picnic lunch on the mattress between us. I opened a couple of bottles of alcoholic cider and passed one to her (I’ve finally found someone who liked cider).

Sally always wore good hiking boots and now she decided to take them off as we were sitting on the rock. As we started lunch Sally was sitting opposite me with both her feet tucked across her. We talked the usual politics, current affairs and what we’d done during the past few days. I opened two more bottles and passed one to Sally.

A couple of small bush kangaroos (or wallabies as we call them) popped into the clearing next to us and stared. They were used to us and after a while would wonder over. Sally had been rambling on when she suddenly said “You’re staring at me! And not listening” I was startled because she was right and my face brightened. ”Do you like looking at me?” she followed. I tried not to have a tremble in my voice and decided why not “actually I do” I said. Sally grinned and said “don’t worry I like you looking at me, in fact this is the most attention I’ve gotten in the last two weeks it’s just the first time ever I’ve noticed you doing it.” Somehow today’s experiences had brought something new between us and we seemed to relax.

“I need to pee,” Sally said as she started to put her boots on. For once I thought quickly and said “Sally you’ll have to climb down to get any cover, why bother?” Sally just looked at me, “it wont bother me and if you’re embarrassed I’ll turn around.” I think the alcohol won as Sally put her boots down “but where can I go here on the rock?” she said.

“Well you’re right, there’s no real privacy her so why don’t you just pee here where you are?” I said. Sally’s eyes widened and she was truly surprised by what I had just said. “You mean that you really wouldn’t mind? She replied. “Of course not, that’s what I was saying to you earlier this morning” I replied. Sally looked at me and then she grinned “you’re going to watch aren’t you?” I just smiled back at her.

With that Sally swung around her feet on the rock as she sat on the edge of the mattress, she then grabbed the crotch of her shorts and pulled them aside, almost immediately a stream of pee shot out and onto the rock in front of her. Sally was sitting sideways to me and whilst I couldn’t see her pee hole I did get an excellent view of her pussy. Her lips were smoothly shaven with only a small patch of red pubic hair on her mound. As she finished Sally pushed her ass forward to stop any small spurts from wetting her or the mattress but as I watched her finish some pee had wet her crotch. She let go of her shorts and swung around on the mattress to face me again.

This time she hadn’t crossed her legs but sat with her knees either side of the food between us.

“Well did you mind”

“No”, I said. Sally smiled and said “It was really exciting knowing you were watching actually”

“You did well, you only wet yourself slightly” I replied. Sally felt her crotch and smiled “Oh well, now you won’t know if I have an accident!”

“That’s not fair” I said “I enjoyed watching, you’ll have to tell me when it happens” She smiled and grabbed another sandwich. With the start of our third bottle we began telling jokes. After one particularly funny one (that Sally was telling) she was laughing so much that all of a sudden she pressed her hand to her crotch which, all of a sudden, was very wet. “Ooops” she said, but she continued to laugh “See what happens” ...See!! I couldn’t believe my eyes and I was so hard.

In fact I needed to pee as well but in the state I was in I couldn’t! About the best I could say was “Mmmmmm..” I think Sally was now pretty relaxed, me, I needed to sit with my knees up to hid my hard on but this also squashed my bladder which was now pretty full. Sally looked at me and said “It must be your turn to pee. I’ve never watched a guy pee close up.”

I was bursting now and the pressure felt like it does sometimes when you wake up with a piss horn. I knelt in the edge or the mattress and unzipped my jeans and pulled out my hard on. Sally stared intently with a large grin as she watched me straining to pee. Finally I spurted a stream on the rock and continued to relieve my bladder. My cock softened as my bladder emptied, by the time I’d finished my cock was in that long dangling mode (in idle) the last drops of pee I squeezed out of my hole. I shook it and as I turned back I put my cock back in my pants. “That’s not fair” said Sally. “What?” I asked.

“Well you’ve got a good view of me but you’ve got jeans on, why don’t you leave your cock out so I can look at it” With those words you wouldn’t have been able to keep my cock in! I sat back down with my cock hanging out of my pants. Who was staring now! “Please stroke it. I once saw my husband playing with himself in the pool and it was so exciting, I’ve never had a man masturbate near me.” With that Sally placed one hand on her crotch and began to play with her lips. I grabbed myself and as I masturbated I just stared at her lips.

With Sally directly in front of me and because she was playing with herself I had a great view of her pussy. She was now getting wet and her lips had really swollen to almost double their size! With a view like that I just exploded all over the picnic in front of us. Sally just groaned and then she beckoned for my hand. I shifted next to her and ran my hand down her arm which was fingering her pussy. As my hand got to her crotch I could feel how hot and wet she was. As I hugged her thigh I could feel tremors in her body. She pulled her fingers out and grabbed my hand to replace them.

As I slid them into her vagina I could feel she was stiffening. With a couple of strokes she started to orgasm so I pressed my two fingers deep up against her G spot with a slow but firm pressure I started to rub against the insides of her bladder through her vagina wall. As I felt her orgasm I timed my strokes with her contractions.

All of a sudden Sally started to squirt pee every time her pussy contracted and as I ran my fingers along from deep inside ageist her bladder wall. Sally couldn’t stop and she squirted and squirted all over the food in front of us!. As her body arched in orgasm she would press sideways against me with her arm around my waist. Sally brought up her knees to a sitting crouch as the last of her tremors relaxed. “WOW” was all I heard her say ...
