
Title: My Daddy’s Job
  Entry to: Month 3
By: R Lodge (1997-03-28)

Note: The following manuscript was found in the debris resulting from a large tornado in the midwest. It appears to be part of a diary kept by a schoolgirl, age unknown. The portions which might have identified the owner were missing, but this fascinating entry was intact.

Tuesday evening—

Oh, Diary, you won’t believe what happened today! This is going to be a long one. It was take-your-daughter-to-work day, and I got to get out of school so I could see where my Daddy works! I’ve never been there, so I was really looking forward to it.

Daddy told me he wasn’t sure how busy he would be at lunch time, so I should eat a big breakfast just in case, so I had two bowls of cereal (with lots of milk, of course) and two big glasses of orange juice—I just love orange juice—and bacon and toast. I just barely finished when Daddy said we had to get going.

Daddy works for a big computer company in the city. We sort of live out in the country so he usually drives almost an hour to work each day. Once when we were in the city on a weekend he had driven by his building and showed us the outside, but I had never been inside before.

Daddy works on the 16th floor, and his company has the entire floor. We got off the elevator from the parking garage and he showed me around and told me the names of some of the men he worked with. None of the other men had daughters the right age to participate in the program, so I was the only one there. The only woman on the whole floor was an old secretary, but she didn’t seem to be very friendly. Daddy said there was a young woman who worked there but she was out of town that day. So it was me and a bunch of computer geeks. They were mostly kinda old, but there was one really cute young guy. His name was Phil. He was real nice, and I think he liked me. I was wearing faded jeans and a short top with a bare middle. Some of my friends have pierced navels, but I think that’s yucky. I have a cute navel, though, and I think Phil thought so too.

One of the neat things was, they had a big Coke machine in the hallway, and it was free! Daddy said they got the idea from Microsoft. He also said to feel free to help myself anytime I wanted. I just love Coke—I probably shouldn’t drink it so much. After today maybe I won’t!

Daddy showed me around and explained what they did there. I didn’t understand all of it, but a lot fo their work has to do with the internet. I still don’t have my own computer at home, but some of my friends do, so I knew a little bit about “the web” and stuff like that.

Then one of the men told Daddy he had to go to an emergency meeting, and so did almost all of the others, so they put me in an office with a computer and told me to entertain myself. It was all hooked up to the internet on a really fast connection, and they told me to feel free to “surf the net.”

I got online, then I went out to the Coke machine and got a Coke. If anybody else wasn’t in their meeting, he must have been hiding, ’cause it seemed like the whole place was deserted.

I really had fun on the computer. I knew how to use Yahoo to find stuff on my friends’ computers, but this one didn’t have SurfWatch on it, and all those places I could never get to were available! I started finding some pretty cool stuff!

I was in the mood for a Mountain Dew, but after all the orange juice, milk, and Coke, I really had to pee! I managed to find the restrooms, but they were locked! How dumb! Oh, well, I guess I could hold it until their dumb meeting got over. I got a Mountain Dew and went back to the computer.

By the time I was halfway through the Mountain Dew, I was about to pee my panties! I was crossing my legs real tight and hoped I wouldn’t wet all over the nice padded desk chair I was in! But I was having a lot of fun on the net, too. I never knew there was so much neat stuff! Somehow I wound up on a site called Patches Place, and it had links to pictures of girls peeing! When a full-screen picture came up of a pretty Japanese school girl squatting and making a huge puddle, I almost peed right in the chair! I think I made a little wet spot in my panties.

A link from Patches led me to a site called Thomas Waters, and it had a bunch of really cool stories about girls remembering peeing their panties when they were little. I never would have dreamed there was stuff like this on the internet. It was really fun, but it was making me so desperate that I was going to make a mess in the next 60 seconds if I didn’t think of what to do. By now I had a hand between my legs and I was squeezing it hard.

I had no choice. There was nobody around, and the only way I could keep from peeing on the floor or in the chair was to use the wastebasket! It was a big round metal one, next to the desk. I managed to hobble over there with my hand in my crotch. Somehow, I got my jeans and panties down before I let go. To make matters worse, the wastebasket was empty, and my stream of pee hit the bottom like a kettledrum! Jeez it was loud! After the bottom was covered it changed to a splashing sound, which was different but just as loud. It sounded like when I had gotten on my knees and peed in the bathtub once.

Finally I finished after what I swear had to be 60 seconds of straight peeing. I stood up, pants still at my knees, and turned around to see how much I had peed. There was Phil, standing in the doorway! He looked like he was in shock. He also had a bit of a bulge in the front of his pants! I was so surprised that I froze for quite a few seconds, giving him time for a nice look at my navel again! Also my wet pubic hair!

Finally, I came to and pulled up my pants. They were already damp so a few more drops didn’t matter. Fortunately the meeting was still going on, so only Phil had seen what happened. He was real nice, and even unlocked the bathroom and took the wastebasket full of hot pee to empty. He said it looked like 2 or 3 quarts to him. Somehow I wasn’t all that uncomfortable with him, he was so nice. But we kept it our secret, and didn’t tell my Daddy.

Anyway, dear Diary, that’s what happened when I went to see where my Daddy worked. I told him I really enjoyed it, and made him promise to get me my own computer for my next birthday. I can hardly wait!

END OF TUESDAY ENTRY
