Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 07
	A small break from that trip, and back to the lessons.
Author: sin138

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

Aftermath

It has been a couple of weeks since she was told to do anything. Hridhya told her the next morning that she can have a break from the slut curriculum as an apology for the awful trip in Bangalore. She did not tell her when the next slut lessons will start, but that she will know when it comes.

She got yelled at by the teachers, for coming 20 days late for class, but she got to spend some time with other people. She even finally got to meet up with Priya. She lied telling she was spending time back home with her mother, and was too busy studying for the supplies. However, Priya did not buy it. Something felt off about Deepika, but she could not put it together right now.

They both noticed that Madhavi and Prianka were getting somewhat too friendly with Deepika, but they just assumed the two wanted to hang out with her. Neither of them realized that Hridhya has been using Deepika's phone to flirt with Madhavi and Prianka throughout the days. The two were also told by Hridhya that the messages are to be between them. Some people just would not understand.

###

Finally, today is when Hridhya removes the niceness as ordered by Zakir. She stands next to the bed, watching the naked Deepika sleep. She just looks so innocent, and oblivious with what is happening to her. She takes a deep breath, and finally lets it out.

"Wake up, cunt!" she bellows.

Deepika jumps at the intensity of Hridhya's voice. Her mini-vacation is over.

"Get ready."

Deepika drags herself to the bathroom, and brushes her teeth. As she takes a shower, she focuses the shower head over her pussy, and loudly moans. Hridhya delighfully hears Deepika through the door. She comes out to see what she will wear today. Much like the other days, the clothes seem decent.

It was a red salwar with green pants, and a transparent shawl. Her entire body is going to be covered. This time however there is no underwear, but she does not think much about it. However then Hridhya brought up what the teen expected since she came back.

"Before you put your clothes on, you must wear one of the two items," Hridhya explains to her slave. "You can insert the Nokia phone in your cunt, or the dildo."

Immediately Deepika blurts out, "THE DILDO!!"

Anyone control either the dildo or the phone, and the last thing she wants is them to dial the phone and attract unwanted attention. She takes the dildo and inserts it inside. She winces at the cold touch of the metal. It was like Hridhya kept it in the fridge. To warm it up, she awkwardly squeezes her legs and rub the together, much to Hridhya's amusement. Soon she finally dressed herself, and the two walk down to Hridhya's bike.

They soon arrived in class, where Deepika sat with Priya.

The professor arrives and starts taking the attendance and paused at Deepika's number.

"069?"

"Present maaaaaaAAAAAM!"

Laughter erupts as the NRI clenches on the benches trying scream loudly. The dildo suddenly goes off, rushing an intense pulse in between.

The lecturer raises her head in confusion.

"What was that, young lady?"

"Nothing madam," she squealed. She squeezes her legs with the running dildo still going on. The snickers from the batch mates do not help.

"Understand that you're in medical college now," she scolds. "You must learn to behave properly, instead of making silly sounds like an idiot."

The teenager sheepishly nods, as the professor calls out the other names. The students immediately go silent. Class has started.

The vibrations come every ten seconds. At the moment she finds herself about to orgasm, the dildo stops. In a few minutes, it starts again. Deepika looks around frantically to see where the others are. Hridhya appears to be taking notes. She then looks to boy's side of the class room. Zakir and Rupesh seem to be paying attention to the class too. Abhishek is looking down, at what looks like his phone. Anuj however turns is looking directly at the girls' side. Many of the students in the back are trying to avoid contact, because of his creepy demeanor. Deepika however knows he is looking directly at her. Underneath the bench, lies the remote control.

Squeezing tightly on to the table, she hopes that maybe this might relieve the sexual stress. However it did no such thing. She feels it penting up again, but just before she could explode, the vibrations stop.

One hour has passed, as she attempts to stifle her scream. By the end of class, her pants felt a little sticky from the stimulation. She looks down to see a visible wet stain on her bottom wear. Why did Hridhya not give her panties? It is not a big deal. She can just wait until the class room empties out and then she can leave.

"Aren't you gonna get up!?"

She turns to see a group of annoyed girls standing impatiently. Unfortunately, she is blocking the people who are in the same row. She is forced to get up. Discretely she covers her crotch with her bag, as she quickly exits the lecture hall.

By the time she arrives at the hospital, the wet stain had dried off. She puts on her lab apron, and wait for the teacher to come.

That class was also spent on getting yelled at by the next professor. This time however everyone is getting the same treatment, as he found the case presentation from the class unsatisfying.

Finally the after classes came and finished, and Deepika can go home. However, she pauses to see the door wide open.

Class with Professors Rupesh and Anuj

Rupesh, and Anuj are waiting for her.

"What are you wearing?" Anuj sternly asks.

"Ummmm."

"Umm what," Anuj taunts. "This is how you talk in class? Is this what you wear in class?"

"Take of your clothes and give them to us," Rupesh ordered. "You are to be naked in the apartment."

"But I just got here!"

"That's no excuse! Unless you want to be homeless, take it all off!"

Deepika quickly undressed, not wanting to waste time. As she stands naked in front of the two boys, they threw her clothes out the window.

"You get new clothes anyways, so no point in keeping them," Rupesh smiles. "Get you note book out, and sit down."

"Sir?"

"You have to take notes, idiot."

Deepika quickly takes out her book and is about to be sit on the couch. That is until Anuj stops her.

"On the floor," He demands.

Without questioning their orders this time, she sits on the ceramic floor with her legs crossed. As she does, her dildo starts jutting out of her pussy.

"Before we begin, We demand complete silence from our student. You did not do a good job staying silent in the college's class, so how can we trust you to stay silent now? Open wide."

Rupesh takes out the dildo, and puts in the teens mouth. She felt the silver object touch the back of her throat, but thanks to her Bangalore night, she did not even gag once.

"Take it out when we tell you too."

Deepika nods. She clenches on to the bottom dildo, which had some rubber coating fortunately. Instead of starting the lesson however, the two boys decide to watch some television shows as Deepika awkwardly sits like this. She feels her jaws aching, as the boys laugh. There was some comedy show on, but Deepika cannot even understand what they were saying.

Finally, Anuj starts talking. "Welcome back to you slut lectures. Today we are going to teach you the etiquette of being an NRI slut. So you better take notes."

She bends over to the notebook, with her pen ready. She stays in this position for five minutes, as Anuj waits just for sport. Saliva starts drooling onto her notebook, thanks to the dildo clenched in her teeth.

Anuj then starts the lesson. "Let's begin with the first and most important thing for a slut...

Position

1.Always keep your mouth partially open. It serves as an open invitation, for anyone to stick their privates inside. Your mouth is there to serve others.That is why you will have that dildo in your mouth during your lessons. It's to remind you to keep you mouth open the whole time.

2.Never keep your legs together. When you are standing, there should always be a gap between your legs. When you sit on a chair, you must NEVER cross your legs. While on the floor you cross your legs, no matter how short any of your dresses are.

3.Do not cover your breasts. You're hands be anyway, but not in front of your tits, unless you are told to.

If you don't use the mandatory positions, we will remind you to correct it. Trust me; you will not want us to remind you."

Deepika shivers at the tone by her abuser. He is about to continue on until he is interrupted by Rupesh.

"Sorry but I got to piss."

"No to worry, Deepika will take you there."

He turns to the drooling girl, and gives her the order.

"Take Rupesh sir to the bathroom, and aim his stream into the toilet bowl. Don't bother standing up. It's more efficient if you crawl there."

Rupesh is amused as he followed the NRI. He stands in front of the bowl, as Deepika unzips his pants and pulls out his penis. She positions his dick just in time as he lets out the stream. It is a perfect bull's eye.

"Very good slut," Rupesh exclaims, seemingly impressed.

She does not know why, but there was a sense of pride for what he said. It has been sometime someone actually complimented her. The fact that she is good at aiming a dick into the bowl fills her with some pride.

She licks up drips from his tip, and stuffed it back into his pants. She crawled back to her spot, and put her dildo back in her mouth. The class has resumed.

"Today you will learn how to act in front of men. Hridhya will deal with the women. These are not rules to find a boyfriend. It is to let them know how easy you as a slut.

How to introduce you to males

1.Give you full name to the male she is introducing herself to

2.Always smile and laugh at whenever he laughs.

3.Compliment him (Say only nice things to them)

4.Do not act rude to the person

5.Maintain physical contact

Definition of not acting rude - Never insult the male, or show any face indicating disgust, as NRI slut can only receive insults. Never should sluts give them.

Appropriate Physical Contact

If the environment allows it, a slut can directly put her hand on the man's groin, to signal desire to fornicate. These environments include bathroom, bars, beaches, private rooms, and any situation where the slut is naked.

In other places, in order to not scare the male immediately, follow this order of physical contact.

1.Hand shake

2.Any part of the limbs, torso or back

3.Near the thigh, and hips

4.Finally the penis

If the male asks for any sexual favours, the NRI slut must oblige. He may be permit to keep trophie(s) as a reminder of the sexual encounter. A trophy is defined as anItem which the slut is wearing, or a picture/video of the slut's naked body, with her face visible. A slut must offer her phone number, to the male, as they can now be considered sex buddies. A sex buddy issomeone who can request the slut for any sexual favours. We will discuss the perks a sex buddy has for next year, but keep the numbers for when the time comes.

KNOCK KNOCK!

"Ah great, you can try out what you just learned to day. Take that out of your mouth, and open the door."

Deepika opens to find a dark man, with a thick moustache, staring at her petite body.

"I am the manager. You called me upstairs."

"That was me bro,"Anuj speaks in Hindi. "This is the NRI I told you about."

"I can see that," the Manager replies smiling.

"We told you how to introduce yourself," Rupesh reminds the NRI.

"MMMMPHH."

"Take out the dildo," Anuj orders, but not before laughing loudly.

Embarrassed, she takes out the silver dildo, and introduces herself.

"My name is Deepika."

She does not even stammer. Without hesitation, she immediately caresses his groin.

The manager says nothing, but smiles.

She gasps as he moves his hands over her breasts. Despite being a year, she somehow has not gotten used to someone else touching her areas. He moves his other hand in between her legs, and slips his finger into his wet cunt.

His finger circles inside as she has trouble standing up. She eventually descends to the ground, with his arm around her, and his other hand still inside her. She then feels the cool touch of the tiles against her ass. Finally her entire body is on the floor, she finds herself about to cum, until the manager gets up. As the manager pulls down his pants, he says his first words to her.

"Suck on my scrotum to make me cum."

She looks up to see his bottomless appearance. His bush is so hairy that she cannot even see his cock or balls. However she knows what she is expected to do.

"Yes sir."

He squats over her face. She gets a nasty whiff from his ass as he farts straight into her face. However that unpleasantness disappears as he toys with her vagina. She wants to close her legs together from the ticklish touch, but Anuj grabs her legs to stop her.

"Always keep your legs open. Your cunt should be accessible to everyone. "

As he keeps playing with her genitals, his genitals keep on descending, until she feel it sack enter her mouth. Her tongue has to dig deep to find skin contact through the curly bush. Her lips seal around his scrotum and she commences on sucking it.

She smiles as he hears him moan, as the two other guys watch. Eventually the manager stops touching her and just enjoys her luscious mouth. His fat wife will not even let him fuck her old pussy. This young tart is dutifully sucking on his balls, butt naked. He is so preoccupied with this wonderful feeling that he does not notice urine coming out of his hard dick, and over the teen's body. Anuj and Rupesh do not bother to stop it. The moment the piss started coming, they backed away.

It is hard for the NRI to ignore the warm piss splashing onto her torso. As it hits her, the pee runs down her body and onto the floor. She keeps on sucking on the balls. Eventually the stream stops and the manager raises up and down to have his dick in her mouth this time. This time she uses her tongue on his tip. His dick instantly starts drooling with cum on to her face.

The warm spunk felt like a reward. For some reason since, that trip, she not only got used to the taste of cum, but she seems to be enjoying it. Any jizz on her face, she pushed it into her mouth, and swallowed.

"Looks like he knows how to treat you right," he laughs. "Say thank you for his gift Deepika."

"Thank you, sir."

"You're welcome, slut," he replies. "I'll see you tomorrow when you come to the office to pick up your clothes."

"Wait what?" Deepika jumps.

"You did not follow the rule, that you must remain naked in the apartment," he scolded her. "By keeping what you will wear for the day, he can slip them out the window and you can dress yourself outside."

"THAT'S NOT A RULE!"

"Tell me your Dress Code again?"

"I must be fully naked in the apartmen-"

"Exactly," Rupesh interrupts her. "Apartment is the entire building, if you ever read a dictionary. You have to strip naked before you come inside."

The defeated NRI is speechless. By definition they are right, but what if everyone sees her like this in the apartment?

"You're thinking what if the other people here see you like this right?"

How did Rupesh know that??

"That brings you tonight's homework," he adds. "Introduce yourself to everyone in this building. Properly, if you what we mean. Memorize their names! Afterwards rewrite your notes before you fall asleep. The ones you wrote are messy. Anyways see you guys."

"Where are you going, sir?"

"I got to read up for tomorrow's case, the profs expect all of us to know the patient's case."

"Wait shouldn't I study for mine too?" Deepika asks.

"If you have time after you finish your slut homework, then sure, but I doubt Hridhya will like to be woken up to give you your phone back," Anuj laughs.

"What do you mean?"

"We send the case notes so we can copy it," he explains. "If you want to get that done, then get out slut, and start get to know people. The sooner you finish, the sooner you can start on the MBBS work."

They push her out of the door and lock it.

"Wait what about the mess on the ground?" she pleads.

"The manager is bringing the maid up. Apparently she too is a slut."

She looks to the manager outside, who said, "She got her job yesterday by sucking his dick. I told the boys they can have fun with her."

He soon leaves the floor, leaving her alone.

Looking around, she finds herself naked in the hallways again. This time however, she is forced to expose her slutty nature to everyone here. She knocks on the first door, only to find herself in front of an angry looking woman, and her teenage son.

"What is this?"she screams in kannada."Do you not have any shame??"

She slams the door on Deepika's face. Her only thought, 'This is going to be a long night she thought.'

