The Special College - Part 1

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-22)

I imagine that there is a college for girls to train them to hold their waters in for vast amounts of time. They are permitted to pee only twice a day, in morning and before bed, and are given copious amounts of drinks throughout the day. Once a year the school has a contest to see which student can hold their piss inside of their bladders for the longest. They empty out one final time in the evening, and the next morning the contest begins, and no pee breaks are allowed for anyone. Some of the teachers participate as well, to prove their superiority to the students.

There is a girl named Emily, who has been blessed with a bladder that is huge even for the school. She also delights in pushing her bladder to its limit and denying it any relief. Emily wants to give herself an incredible challenge for the contest, and skips her final pee the evening before it begins. She had also skipped her pee that morning, so she was carrying 24 hours more pee than everyone else.

The contest begins and Emily feels a dull ache in her bladder throughout the day, but she ignores it and tries to act as though she is fine. By the evening her urge to go has become rather pronounced, but she is able to resist it and go to sleep. Emily wakes up the next morning and goes about her day with over 58 hours worth of pee sloshing around in her bladder. Many of the girls have already peed themselves, unable to hold back their waters after over 36 hours. Emily herself is quite desperate by bedtime, as she has now been without relief for 72 hours.

When she awakes the next morning her abdomen is on fire. The pain is great, but Emily relishes seeing the enormous bulge of her bladder. Moving through the showers and going to breakfast, Emily sees many of the long shots wetting themselves uncontrollably. Only the girls with the strongest bladders remain now, most of them in their later teens. A few of the teachers have even bowed out by this point, unable to withstand the urge. The final girls are those that regularly brag about their bladder capacities, and they all dream of winning this contest every year. It is also a treat for the younger students and the teachers, because they rarely get to see these girls desperate for a pee and unable to control themselves.

Emily is as desperate as the rest of them, but they do not know, that she has held back her pee in her poor, quivering bladder for 24 hours longer than they have. One by one the strongest bladders of the school succumb to nature’s urges, until, by that evening, it down to Emily and one other girl. Emily has her legs crossed tightly and is shoving her hands in her crotch, but her competitor is dancing as frantically as Emily has ever seen anyone pee-dance. The teachers start providing extra water for both of the contestants, trying to make them give in. Emily is sure that the girl will crack any minute, but she somehow reaches bedtime dry. However, the girl cannot keep it up anymore, and her immensely conditioned bladder finally gives in as she tries to enter her bed.

Emily is declared the winner, and the teachers now present her with the chance to finally relieve her stretched, aching bladder. Emily enters the restroom, but part of her wants to see how long she can last. Steeling herself, she leaves the restroom still unrelieved. All of the teachers think that she has peed, but as she walks to her room, Emily catches the eye of the principal of the school, Mrs. Anderson, and she realizes that Emily has not peed yet. Now Mrs. Anderson is widely recognized by the school as having the biggest bladder on campus, and she has not peed since the start of the contest. She sees Emily’s stare as a challenge, and resolves to hold on longer than this teenage prodigy.

Emily awakes the next morning and immediately both hands fly to her crotch. 106 hours of hot, steaming pee is pushing as hard as it can on her tired sphincter muscles. She begins to hobble to her first class of the day after once again skipping the now reinstated morning pee, but is called to the principal’s office before she can get there. Intrigued, Emily heads to Mrs. Anderson’s office, and when she enters she discovers the principal waiting for her, sitting cross-legged behind her desk. Quickly, Emily sits down across from her, squirming with need.

“So, you think you can hold it as long as me, the pee-queen herself?” Mrs. Anderson asks, wasting no time in getting to the point. Emily responds honestly, “I don’t know, but I’d love to try.” Mrs. Anderson looks her up and down before replying, “Very well, then I will take you out of all your classes to be with me until one of us submits to the pressures in our groins.” With that she passes Emily a 2 liter water bottle from under desk, before taking another and beginning to drink from it. Hurriedly, Emily does the same.

They spend the next few hours in Mrs. Anderson’s office, Emily squirming and jiggling, trying to contain herself longer, while Mrs. Anderson sits rigidly in her chair. Emily is amazed at her muscle control to not be squirming around with need yet. In reality Mrs. Anderson would desperately love to shove a hand into her crotch and bounce around like a little schoolgirl herself, but she is determined to show Emily how a real woman controls herself, even with a need as extreme as hers. Eventually it becomes lunchtime, and Mrs. Anderson takes Emily out to a restaurant in town to eat. She orders them both multiple drinks, and by the end of the meal it takes all of her willpower and muscle control to not join Emily in frantic grabbing and squeezing.

Gingerly they walk back to Mrs. Anderson’s office. Emily has noticed that Mrs. Anderson has been looking increasingly flustered and desperate. She has realized that Mrs. Anderson, however strong, is not a robot, and she will have to give in and show her need soon. And as soon as the door shuts behind them in the office, Mrs. Anderson lets out a cry and jams both her hands on her pussy, crossing her legs so much and so tightly that she nearly sits on the ground. She has shown weakness in front of a student, but she cannot help it. She has been holding back her piss for 88 hours, and even by Mrs. Anderson’s lofty standards that is quite extreme. If only she knew that Emily’s bladder had not felt relief for over 112 hours!

Both women pace back and forth with the utmost desperation for the next few hours. They can feel that they are reaching their limits. Their abdomens are bulging out to crazy extremes, and they both look nearly pregnant with pee. Still they resist the urges of their bodies to let loose with their floods, determined to be the last woman standing. Dinnertime comes, and Emily looks at Mrs. Anderson and boldly challenges her, “Let’s go eat in the dining hall with the other students and try and conceal our need.” Mrs. Anderson hesitates but agrees, never having been a woman to back down.

So they go and eat, and both women are unable to hide their desperately bobbing legs or concealed moans of agony from the student body. The other girls, and even the teachers, marvel at seeing the two largest bladders in the school being pushed to their very limits. Emily and Mrs. Anderson can hear the whispers, but can do nothing by this point but focus on their own terrible need to empty themselves of what has to be liters and liters of pee.

They get up and walk slowly back to Mrs. Anderson’s office. The older woman is now tearing up from her desperation. Never in her life has she wanted to relieve herself more than she wants to at this instant. After fighting her bladder to the bitter end, one hour later Mrs. Anderson’s bladder can contain her pent-up piss no longer. As she squats over her trash bin, 94 hours worth of pee hisses violently into it. She pees for minutes on end, and the sound of her pissing nearly forces Emily to lose control. Finally, Mrs. Anderson spurts dry. Exhausted, she retrieves a measuring container from her desk and pours the piss from the waste bin into it, where it comes out to 4.1 liters, a new record for her.

Emily has won! She has defeated the strongest bladder in the school! She hobbles towards the trash bin in victory, but Mrs. Anderson stops her. “Hold it til tomorrow,” she tells the poor teen girl, now bent in half with desperation. But Emily raises her head slowly and nods. She leaves Mrs. Anderson’s office and once again goes to bed with her bladder totally full and demanding relief.

Emily wakes up beyond desperate. Her roommate can’t even believe how big her bladder has gotten. Somehow, she manages to walk to Mrs. Anderson’s office. When she reaches it she is let in, and Mrs. Anderson is ecstatic to see that the girl has not burst yet. “What’s it been now, 117 hours?” she asks Emily. Dancing with the last of her power, Emily responds through gritted teeth, “No ma’am, it’s been 131 actually.” She then tells Mrs. Anderson how she skipped peeing for a day before the contest. Mrs. Anderson is amazed at the girl’s bladder strength and sphincter muscles. She also wants to break it after such a long time.

“Sit in this chair with your legs spread and no using your hands to hold,” she tells Emily. Emily screams with agony but complies without losing so much as a drop. Mrs. Anderson puts the trashcan underneath Emily, telling her to hold it as long as she can in that position. Then she sits back and watches as Emily finally cracks under the immense pressure of her bladder, slowly but surely.

After 15 minutes she is sweating profusely. Another 15 minutes and her legs are shaking beyond belief. Emily begins to wail from the effort of holding in her bladder’s contents, and 15 minutes later her dam finally breaks. Pee begins trickling from her pussy. She groans and yells and tries desperately to cut it off, but her muscles are too tired. After nearly stopping it for a few more seconds, it bursts forth from her in a torrent. It lasts for ages, and when it finally trickles to a stop, Emily lies back in the chair, exhausted to no end. Mrs. Anderson takes the contents of the bin and pours it into her measuring container. It comes out to 4.9 liters after a 131 3/4 hour mega-hold.

Mrs. Anderson looks at it curiously. “Hmmm, not quite 5 liters, I guess we’ll just have to keep working, huh?” She gives Emily an evil smile, and, tired though she may be, Emily laughs a little and smiles back. She is going to have fun in school from now on, she knows.

