Revenge on my boss

Copyright 2018 Kaylee Kennicott

ONE: Revenge in the Boss’ Office

I wore sunglasses and a hat to avoid being seen by the guy at the front desk when I crept in after hours. I had already clocked out, and everyone else had long since gone home, so no one would be expecting me in the building and there was very little chance I would run into anyone else.

I punched the button for the elevator nervously, dancing a little with the need to pee. I had deliberately poured drinks down my throat at the bar after work to prepare for this event. I knew I would quit as soon as the current contract we were working on had ended; I had loyalty to our current clients, and to my team, but it had finally sunk in what a terrible, horrible boss I had.

My grievances against him were too great to catalogue. Suffice to say, he was an abusive leader, a misogynistic man, and a deeply evil person.

I made it into the elevator, and up to the seventeenth floor, where the lights on the entire floor were turned out. Perfect. I prowled the aisles of cubicles, just to make absolutely certain that no one was still here, working late. The place was entirely empty.

I opened the door to my boss’ office and crept in. Also empty, except for the impressive desk in the middle of the room with the expensive computer on it, the couch to the side, the filing cabinets against the walls, the desk chair, and the bookshelves, which were filled with pseudo- alpha-male motivational grow-your-business bullshit.

At this point, my legs were shaking a little, and I was feeling desperate. Clamping down on my bladder and squeezing my knees together, I was trying to disrobe as quickly as possible, but I couldn’t peel off my panties with my thighs pressed together. I moved from foot to foot, trying to find some kind of equilibrium before it could come pouring out of me.

Finally I managed to get my panties down around my knees before I couldn’t hold it anymore: I plopped my butt down on the couch behind me and the piss streamed out, hissing, before soaking in to the plush fabric.

It was so forceful that it gushed forward like a little waterfall between my thighs. I could lean back a little and direct the spray outward — and I was honestly astonished at the range and distance I could achieve after so much pressure had built up.

I pulled my panties the rest of the way off and stood up, leaving a trail of piss as I walked across the room. Soon I was standing in front of his desk.

My pee splashed over the keyboard and onto the computer monitor. I aimed my stream into the speakers and all the little nooks and crannies where water damage might seep in to the machine. That only took a few seconds; then I turned to the bookshelves behind me.

It was an absolute delight to urinate onto the faces of Dale Carnegie, Donald Trump, and John Maxwell, along with every other man who had ever taught my boss toxic messages about how to take advantage of the people around him.

I moaned a little as I relieved myself directly onto the bookshelves and sprayed every book on the lower half. Soon the pages were thick and waterlogged, expanding to several times their own size.

At that point, my stream was dying to a trickle, so I plonked myself down in the boss’ leather desk chair and finished there like it was my own personal toilet.

“Ahhh,” I sighed as the last dregs splashed out onto the seat and pooled there, making my thighs wet and warm. I felt totally empty, and completely relieved. I wanted to giggle with the giddy satisfaction of emptying my bladder all over my boss’ office.

I toweled myself dry with a spare button-up shirt that I found hanging by the window, making sure to get every last drop that had trickled down my legs. The button-up, I left lying in the middle of the floor.

Feeling warm and satisfied, I pulled my panties back on, smoothed my skirt, grabbed my bag and sunglasses, and descended to the lobby where I was able to slip out the front without notice.

Tomorrow would be an interesting day at the office. I smiled a little. I would hand in my resignation as soon as I could - but for now, this was the perfect way to relieve a little pressure at work.

TWO: Revenge at the Boss’ Home

His dick was in what he thought was his boss’ letterbox when the front door opened and he locked eyes with a young woman -- busty, brunette, short hair - standing on the other side.

He hastily withdrew his cock, though it was already dripping a little with desperation and half-hard with excitement. A small spurt of piss escaped him.

One drop landed on the toe of her pert yellow pumps, but she didn’t yell at him. She just looked at it with interest.

"I’m so sorry,” he said, willing the sudden overflow to stay down. “Is this where Mr. Wilkins lives?”

“Next door,” she said, pointing a finger to the left.

“Ahhh. Shit, my bad. My bad. I’m so sorry to bother you.”

“Can I help you?” she said, and at first he thought she meant it in the sardonic way, but she was still looking at him with a level gaze.

“Wha...huh?”

She opened the door a little wider to him. “Mr. Wilkins? I hate that guy. He’s been horrid to me ever since I moved here. Forgive me if I’m leaping to conclusion here, but...uh...” she gestured downward to his weeping cock. “You were about to go mess with him, weren’t you?”

He smiled weakly. She didn’t seem angry with him. If anything, she was talking quickly, as if excited.

“Yeah, yeah, I was,” he admitted. “To be frank, I was gonna go stick my dick in his letterbox and piss inside. I know he’s not at home because he left me to deal with his work appointments while he takes the week off to fuck his mistress in Lisbon.”

“How do you know his wife isn’t home?”

“She doesn’t even live here. She stays permanently at the beach house, where she’s fucking her mistress, too.”

The young woman gazed at him for a moment. “How much do you hate Mr. Wilkins?”

The man didn’t hesitate. “I wouldn’t hurt him physically, but I’d do anything to fuck with his head. The man is a monster and he needs to be taken down a notch.”

She smiled sweetly. “I’m Lucy.”

“Richard,” he replied, bewildered.

Lucy grabbed something off the wall behind her, then joined Richard on the porch and locked her front door.

“How would you feel about upping the game a little here, Richard?” she said, looping her arm through his and guiding him back to the sidewalk and into Mr. Wilkins’ front yard.

“How do you mean?”

She brought him to the front door.

“Are you picking the lock?” he asked nervously.

“I don’t have to,” she smiled, holding up a key. “I’ll explain when we’re inside.”

Once in the living room, staring at pictures of Mr. Wilkins on the mantelpiece - mostly shots of the bastard fishing, or golfing, or sunning on his yacht; only a few photographs of his family were mixed in - Richard stood stunned.

“I’m in my boss’s house right now,” he muttered.

“That’s right,” said Lucy cheerfully. She flicked the glass over Mr. Wilkins’ face in the nearest photograph. “And now you can do everything you want to this dickhead’s house.”

Faced with such license, Richard stood paralyzed. “I don’t even know what to do. What am I meant to do? And how do you have the keys?”

Lucy peered at some of the magazines on the coffee table, frowning. “When Mr. Wilkins goes away, he usually asks the lady in 14B to check his mail and water his plants, but last year she had a rager in his house when he was away and needed help cleaning up the mess. She was so hungover, she just hired me to do it privately. I had time to make a copy before returning the key to her. No one else knows I have it.”

“What, have you just been waiting for an opportunity like this?”

“Pretty much,” she said cheerfully. “Hey, if you aren’t claiming dibs on wrecking this beautiful place, I know exactly what I want to do.”

“Then do it,” he said, and fell in line behind her as she marched straight to the master bedroom.

Without hesitation, Lucy clambered on top of the huge four poster bed, which was topped with plush pillows and a blue brocade bedspread. She kicked off her yellow pumps and hiked up her skirt.

Richard realized suddenly that she wasn’t wearing any underwear.

“This is for slipping filthy messages under my door, you asshole,” she muttered, and squatted over the mattress, legs trembling a little.

Then a thick stream of urine bubbled and shot down from between her legs. It sunk into the fabric and slowly the wet patch expanded outwards.

“Oooooooh,” she groaned.

“Wait,” Richard said reflexively, not wanting her to stop, but surprised at how quickly she had started and wishing he could rewind this moment, to better anticipate and relish it — Lucy’s neat, pert pussy pushing out this jet of piss, soaking his boss’s bed.

But Lucy locked eyes with him and abruptly shut off her stream.

“You’re right,” she said, and she stood up, kicked off the brocade bedspread and top sheets, then squatted over the stripped mattress.

“Ahhhh,” she sighed, relieving herself again. “That’s better.” She shivered as she pissed, with a little frisson of pleasure that made her drop to her knees. Richard watched with fascination and growing arousal.

Lucy leaned backwards a little and her arc shot forwards, towards the plump pillows and the headboard of the bed. Richard seized a pillow and brought it closer to her stream, staring as the thick cushion absorbed it thirstily.

He brought it still closer until she was thundering piss down on Mr. Wilkins’ pillow, and then pressed it full against her spraying cunt as if that might halt the flow.

Lucy only shivered again and bucked her hips and began to grind herself into the pillow even while it lapped up her piss.

“Mmm, fuck,” she moaned.

With his free hand - one still holding the damp pillow that Lucy was now pleasuring herself with — Richard unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. Intending to join in the fun, he aimed it at a dry side of the mattress.

But all of a sudden, Lucy shrieked, “No, wait!”

He stared at her.

“Sorry, I just meant...let’s go back downstairs. I didn’t release everything I’m holding, and there’s lots more ground to cover. I want to see you get creative, too.”

Richard grinned. His cock swelled a little in his hand at the thought. He looked down. “I think I’ll start by taking these clothes off. Let’s designate the bathroom as a dry zone where we can keep our stuff.”

She smiled back. “Suits me.”

Already she was pulling her clothes properly off, revealing more and more of her body. Richard eyed her smooth skin with interest, and she similarly winked at his noticeable erection as he shed his clothes.

“Let’s keep to the task at hand,” she said, but before he knew it, this supple, naked young woman was guiding him downstairs...

###

They started in the kitchen, where Lucy poured them both a glass of water and watched Richard finish it.

He was already full to bursting at this point, having arrived at Lucy’s apartment with an aching bladder, ready to release in Mr. Wilkins’ letterbox, and had been forced to wait another fifteen minutes and drink a liter of water on top of that.

Lucy allowed him only one small release, since he was dancing a little in the kitchen, clutching himself and trying not to spray prematurely through his fingers and all over the marble countertops.

She pulled an ice cube tray out of the freezer and knocked the cubes into the sink, then held the empty tray right under the tip of his quivering cock. His dick-head accidentally brushed against the plastic; by the time he registered how cold it was, he was already pissing with abandon.

His torrent swirled into the tiny cube spaces and hissed a little at the force. Steam rose as his hot piss met the ice-cold tray. He filled it easily, clamped down on his bladder again, and Lucy carefully placed the full tray of piss back into Mr. Wilkins’ freezer.

Then she guided him back to the living room, where she took up a position in the doorway, the best spot from which to watch him destroy the room.

Richard paced around the living room, surveying the furniture, the walls, the photographs. He paused in front of a worn leather chair that looked as if it was Mr. Wilkins’ favorite seat. Richard took his cock in his hand and looked to Lucy; she smiled encouragingly.

“This is for all the nights I worked late with no compensation, cleaning up your messes,” he said, aimed carefully, and released a stream of piss that cascaded down the back of the chair and puddled in the seat. Lucy made an appreciative sound behind him.

“This is for all the times you took credit for my work/’ said Richard, turning to stand in front of the entertainment center. He drenched the TV with spray, making sure to cover the buttons and piss inside the air vents.

He rested his cock inside the remote drawer and relieved himself until the remote controls were slightly submerged. He pissed forcibly on the power strip that everything was plugged into.

When he turned around, he found Lucy sitting on one of the dry chairs, her legs spread apart, her hand stroking herself. She was watching him hungrily.

“I’m not done/’ he told her.

“Good!" she growled. “Neither am I.”

Slowly and deliberately, she brought her hands to her knees to spread them wider apart. She was sitting right on the edge of the chair, facing the coffee table; as she relaxed, she peed, directing the arc so that it drummed on the glass table and soaked the books and magazines lying on it.

“Fuck,” she sighed happily. “This feels so good.”

When she looked back at him, their eyes locked, and Lucy smiled; Richard realized belatedly that he was lazily stroking himself, almost without thinking. He let go, but Lucy was quickly at his side.

“Can I...can I aim you?” she asked shyly.

Richard’s cock was so engorged with excitement that he didn’t know if he would be able to piss but he gulped and said, “Yeah, sure.”

Her hand reached out tentatively, grasping his cock with a gesture as light as the touch of butterfly wings; after a moment, her grip tightened, and she manipulated him until he gasped.

“I’m going to...if you keep that up.”

Her eyes met his boldly, and he realized that she meant to; his head felt light at the thought. He almost didn’t notice that she reached for something else to hold under his cock, so focused was he on the feeling of her hand, her soft velvety skin on his, the movement and the friction of her fingers.

“Oh, fuck...oh, fuck, I’m gonna...”

“Come for me,” she purred, and he saw that she had laid out some wooden box under his cock — he gasped, and shot his load in ropy streams all over several neat rows of fine imported cigars.

“And that’s for grabbing my ass when I jogged past,” Lucy said, neatly sliding shut the cigar box and putting it back down in front of the leather armchair.

Richard was seeing stars, but Lucy didn’t give him time to dawdle; she took his hand, led him to the next room, and stopped right in front of the billiards table.

“What the hell is this place?” Richard said, looking around the dim interior.

“Games room, or man cave, or something.”

“Fuck that,” said Richard, and with Lucy holding and aiming his cock, he let his muscles relax and flutter until his piss was raining down over the billiards table. He stuck his cock in the neck of an aged whisky bottle and seasoned the liquor. And finally he pissed all over a stack of vintage porn magazines that Lucy found at the bottom of a drawer - entirely ruining Mr. Wilkins’ secret stash.

“I feel so revitalized,” Richard said when they returned to the kitchen, still nude, for a second glass of water, followed by some wine. “It’s like this is healing all the wounds of working for that complete and utter asshat.”

“I’m feeling pretty energized, too,” Lucy said, gazing at him; he wasn’t sure who moved first but suddenly their mouths were locked together, and he was pressed up against her, both of them slippery and breathing hard...

After a minute, she pulled away with some reluctance. “I want to finish what we started. But then...”

“Then...” he agreed.

They each thought they had one good piss left in them, so both Lucy and Richard scoped out the house for the scene of their final destruction.

Lucy found her last mission quickly; she grinned wickedly as she led him back up the stairs to the master bedroom and into the beautiful walk-in closet.

“Watch,” she said, and Richard did watch, closely: Lucy leaned backwards, one hand supporting her lower back like a pregnant woman, the other spreading her pussy lips. When her eyes closed, an arc of pee leapt out from between her legs and rained down on the sleeves of Mr. Wilkins’ suits hanging in rows. She pivoted slowly, aiming her stream back and forth to soak a greater area. Droplets slid down the wool and seersucker fabric and fell lightly to the carpeted floor.

She clamped down on her torrent, walked to the bureau, and turned her attention to the drawers. Starting with the bottom drawer, full of socks and underwear, and moving up to the pants and casual shirts, Lucy opened each one, straddled it as well as she could, and squatted down like she was hovering over a toilet seat.

Richard watched as her piss shot out and soaked layers of fabric, sinking through stacks of folded shirts, turning denim pants darker, yellowing the white socks and underwear. She used his bureau drawers like a personal lavatory, relieving herself into each one, until she was stepping on tip-toes to leverage herself so she could release directly into the highest open drawer.

And finally, with the last droplets she had, she pulled his shoe rack into the center of the closet, straddled it with one foot on either side of the metal shelves, and unloosed the rest of her piss into his shoes.

“Fuck, that was satisfying,” she groaned, stepping away from the mess and surveying her work with pleasure. “What did you decide on?”

Richard took a little longer to find what he wanted to wreck. Most everything was too mundane, or wouldn’t cause real distress - they had already attacked his personal items, and Richard was not inspired by the thought of pissing into kitchen cabinets or something equally impersonal.

But then he opened a door off the side hallway and poked his head into a dark, musty room that smelled of earth and gasoline. The garage.

In the garage, he found a car under a tarp. A beautiful car. A car that had been lovingly polished and preserved against the elements. And in one of the kitchen junk drawers, he found a key fob that unlocked Mr. Wilkins’ beautiful car.

Lucy was almost dancing with excitement as she followed him to the garage and helped him remove the tarp. “Amazing,” she said. “I almost wish I had more left in the tank so I could help you, but I’ll also just enjoy watching.”

“Oh, I’m going to enjoy this, too,” said Richard, weighing his cock in his hand as he walked around the car and examined it from every angle.

When the anticipation had built, he opened the driver side door and looked inside, smelling the musty-clean scent of a well-kept car.

“Do it, do it,” Lucy egged him on.

Richard tugged at his cock a little bit, warming up, building the excitement for what he was about to do.

He had been half-hard all day, ever since this lovely young woman took him by the arm and led him over here, and especially when she stroked him until he ejaculated all over Mr. Wilkins’ fancy cigars...he had to will the arousal back down, standing naked in front of the open car door, with his cock pointed right at the leather seats.

Once the erection subsided slightly, all the water (and wine) in his bladder was ready to come out. He groaned and leaned backward slightly, aiming: the piss felt like it made one connected line from his bladder straight down his cock and out to where it drummed on the seats, the gearshift, the floor mats, the steering wheel, the dashboard.

His bladder slowly emptied; the cup holders slowly filled up, and the radio was coated in droplets. He turned to bathe the inside of the driver’s side door with piss as well, soaking the panel of buttons which controlled the windows, trunk, and side mirrors. He opened the glove compartment and pissed all over the owner’s manual.

He took his pleasure inside Mr. Wilkins’ beautiful car, claiming it, demonstrating his power with only his cock and his piss. Lucy watched the entire thing with shining eyes, biting her lip.

They took one final walk through the house, hand-in-hand, returning to the places they had already been to review their handiwork: the soiled bed and walk-in closet, the ice cube tray (already freezing nicely), the soaked living room, the ruined games room, the violated car.

“I can’t wait until he gets home and finds this,” Lucy said dreamily.

“You’re going to tell me any and everything you find out about his reaction, won’t you?”

“Duh! What day is he getting back from his trip? I’ll stake the place out, come over when I see he’s arrived, tell him that I heard suspicious noises...”

“That would be amazing. I hope he cries. I think he’s coming back on Sunday.”

“Sunday, eh?” Lucy looked at him. “Do you work on the weekends?”

“I’m sure as hell not working this weekend, I can tell you that,” Richard said wryly. “After this - leaving me, again, to do his work for him, to do more work than any human can possibly do -- after this, I’m just going to bide my time until I can quit without causing suspicion.”

“Well, hey...” Lucy met his eyes shyly. “You can come over to my place on Sunday, if you want a front row seat.”

Richard smiled. “I think I’d like that.”

###

They took a shower together before they left Mr. Wilkins’ house - since the bathroom was still clean and intact — where they touched each other like giddy teenagers, reveling in each other and their own daring.

As Lucy got dressed afterwards, both of them smiling at each other like fools, she cast a glance at the pristine tile walls around them.

“We should do something about this,” she said, gesturing.

“All that water you made me drink was a good idea,” Richard said, taking his cock in hand again. “I’m feeling very inspired.”

“Seeing you is very inspiring,” Lucy murmured against his lips, and they kissed again until both were thoroughly flustered.

Then, as if by wordless cue, they stood back to back in the center of the bathroom and peeled aside layers of clothing to assume a ready position.

“Good?” said Richard.

"Ready when you are,” said Lucy. “Let’s soak this fucker.”
