Story - Girls School - Part 8

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-04-21 at 14:43) #69314

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 8

Melanie and Kyrie looked at each other with fear on their faces. The police! Were they going to go to jail? Kyrie turned back to her mom and said, “Oh God mom, we have to do something!” She and Melanie collapsed together and began to cry. This was getting really serious now.

“Don’t worry sweetheart”, Caroline said, “We’ll take care of it”. Caroline stroked her daughter’s hair gently as the two girls sobbed into each other’s shoulders, and a look of cold rage slowly came over her face.

An hour later they were in the house waiting for dinner to be prepared by the chef and delivered by the servants. Kyrie’s dad, William H. Rothman III, software magnate and multi-billionaire, had just arrived home from his corporation’s office tower downtown. Kyrie made the introductions and to Melanie’s delight, Kyrie’s dad turned out to be just as warm and amicable as Caroline.

“Just call me Bill”, he said, smiling warmly and shaking Melanie’s hand. She managed only a weak smile and looked worriedly at Kyrie. Bill immediately looked at Caroline who proceeded to fill him in.

“They won’t get away with this”, he said angrily, “Nobody does that to my daughter. Or her girlfriend. It was just a silly prank!” He raised his voice a bit with the last few words and he was wringing his hands.

“Yes! That’s all it was!”, Kyrie said immediately, her bottom lip quivering.

“Well let’s just wait and see what happens tomorrow”, Caroline interposed. “Besides”, she added with a smile, “dinner is served”. She gestured toward the dining hall and everyone turned to look just as the servants entered and began placing food on the solid marble table.

That evening, after watching a movie in the Rothman’s private state-of-the-art movie theater, Melanie and Kyrie announced that they were going to bed. Kyrie’s parents bid them goodnight and Caroline also said, “Dear, try not to make too much noise when you’re making love with Melanie, okay?”

“Okay mom”, Kyrie smiled. Melanie gaped in shock. She had never heard of such accepting parents before. She suddenly wondered if this was real or if she was dreaming the whole thing. Kyrie’s parents watched as they walked out of the theater hand in hand. As they disappeared through the door Caroline turned to Bill and smiled and said, “She loves Melanie. She loves her very much. You can tell”.

Bill smiled back and said, “Well it’s a bit different but as long as she’s found someone she loves and who loves her, well, that’s all that matters”.

Caroline smiled and said, “Now I know why I married you. You are so special dear”. They embraced and kissed.

Kyrie and Melanie walked into their bedroom and Melanie abruptly stopped and stared in awe. The room was huge. There was an immense whirlpool bath built in to one corner. It was carved out of solid green Italian marble with two solid green marble steps leading up to it. The fittings were 14 carat gold plated. The bed was a massive king size four poster complete with a canopy overhead and shear veils hanging down from the canopy and surrounding the bed. The carpet was so thick and soft that Melanie sank almost an inch into it. The bed was surrounded in genuine, ultra soft and plush sheepskin rugs.

“Not bad huh?”, Kyrie said.

“This is incredible!”, Melanie breathed.

Kyrie smiled lovingly at her then and said softly, “This is our own little love nest baby”.

Instantly they were in each other’s arms, kissing and caressing. In no time their pee dampened clothes were scattered all over the floor. They made their way over to the bed and Kyrie broke their French kiss saying, “Just a sec”. She turned to the bed and swept the covers back to reveal a bone dry and pristine clean bed. She looked at Melanie, smiled wickedly, and said, “Well obviously we’re going to have to do something about this, aren’t we?”

“Definitely”, Melanie agreed.

They leaped into bed, lay side by side, and promptly released their bladders and let their pee gush into the bed. They involuntarily closed their eyes as they experienced that special bliss that only comes from wetting the bed and feeling the beautiful wetness spreading out under you. Their pee hissed noisily into the mattress. After a time their streams died away and they lay in a thoroughly saturated bed.

“Much better”, Kyrie murmured, her eyes still closed.

“Oh yes”, Melanie replied huskily.

They abruptly rolled together and resumed their love making in earnest, kissing and caressing, licking and sucking. They moaned and groaned and orgasmed repeatedly for at least an hour before finally collapsing back onto the bed, bathed in sweat, soaked in their pee, breathing hard, and feeling totally exhausted.

“I love you Kyrie”, Melanie said softly.

“Oh God I love you too Mel”, Kyrie said, “I love you so much”. They kissed again briefly before settling down and drifting off to sleep in each other’s arms, pee dribbling slowly from Melanie’s crotch.

***

Melanie’s nerves were jangling as she sat in the Jaguar on the way to the school for the hearing. Bill had taken the day off to be with his daughter and now the four of them coasted along in silence as the school got ever closer. Kyrie and Melanie were wearing two diapers each, just to be on the safe side. The bulge was noticeable in their jeans but they really didn’t care too much. Inevitably they arrived at the school and just as Bill was handing the keys to the valet Melanie suddenly shouted, “Mom, dad!”. She ran toward a well dressed woman standing about thirty feet away with an equally well dressed man standing beside her. She flung her arms around the woman and hugged her. “Oh mom!”, she said, breaking down and beginning to sob, “The police are here! We’re gonna go to jail!”.

“Sweetheart, Melanie”, Melanie’s mom said, pushing her away gently, “You are not going to jail. Okay?”

“Yeah”, Melanie sobbed. Her mom stroked her hair. Bill, Caroline and Kyrie had walked over by then and they stood and waited politely. Melanie suddenly noticed them standing there and felt guilty.

“Uh, mom”, she said immediately, “This is Bill and Caroline Rothman, and their daughter Kyrie. This is my mom Courtney, and my dad Peter”. There were hi’s, how-are-you’s and pleased-to-meet-yous as everyone shook hands. They turned and headed into the school. As they stepped into the office they saw Miss Donaldson waiting for them. Once again there introductions all around, only this time the girl’s parents had to introduce themselves as Melanie and Kyrie had no desire to say anything to her. When the introductions were finished, Miss Donaldson gestured toward a short corridor and said, “If you’ll come with me we can get started”.

They were led along the corridor and into am expensively appointed conference room. As she stepped into the room Melanie immediately notice a uniformed police officer seated at the table, as well as two men who were obviously plain clothes detectives. Seated regally at the head of the table was Dorothy Etherington. Melanie glanced worriedly at Kyrie, who glanced worriedly back at her. Everyone seated at the table, except Mrs. Etherington, rose to their feet as the two families and Miss Donaldson entered the room. Then everyone sat back down again practically simultaneously. When everyone was ready, Mrs. Etherington picked up a gavel and banged it once, then placed it back down again. She began to speak.

“This hearing is convened for the purpose of determining the charges to be laid against the defendants, Kyrie Anne Rothman and Melanie June Willis. It is also to set a date for the trial to begin. All parties shall be allowed to speak. Miss Donaldson, you may proceed”. Everyone turned to look at Miss Donaldson.

“Kyrie Anne Rothman”, she began, reading from a prepared statement, “you are hereby charged with theft under $500.00, conspiring to commit a felony and assault causing bodily harm”. Kyrie began to sob uncontrollably and suddenly her bladder opened and she soaked her diapers. Caroline put her arm around her and held her daughter close, comforting her as best she could. Miss Donaldson continued. “Melanie June Willis, you are hereby charged with conspiring to commit a felony and assault causing bodily harm”. Now it was Melanie’s turn to cry and her shoulders shook as her body was racked with uncontrollable sobs. Courtney tried her best to comfort her inconsolable daughter. Miss Donaldson was still not finished.

“Kyrie, your charges, should you be convicted, carry a minimum penalty in this case of three years in prison and a maximum of ten years. Melanie, your charges carry the same penalties. You and your parents will now be given a chance to speak in your defense before a date is set for the trial”.

Immediately Bill Rothman was on his feet. “This is utterly ludicrous!”, he said loudly. “For God’s sake, they’re 16 year old girls. It was just a stupid prank! Why can’t you just leave it at that?!” Mrs. Etherington calmly but coldly replied.

“I’m afraid we cannot possibly call it just a prank Mr. Rothman. You daughter stole the school’s property, and then used it on an officer of the school for malicious purposes. This is a serious crime and it will not go unpunished. The charges stand”.

“This is outrageous!!!”, Bill shouted.

“Mr. Rothman?”, one of the detectives said firmly. Bill stopped and looked at the detective. The officer continued. “I strongly recommend that you secure legal counsel for Kyrie. You are going to need it. And you too Mr. and Mrs. Willis”.

Peter Willis stood now and angrily said to the detective, “Officer, can’t you tell them how ridiculous this is? Can’t you get them to drop the charges?”

“I’m sorry Mr. Willis, but they have stated that they wish to press charges in this case, so we have no choice but to go along with that. It’s the law, and you know that”.

“Yes, I do”, Peter said stiffly, “unfortunately”.

Miss Donaldson rose once again and said, “If nobody has anything further to say then it is now time to inform you of the date for the beginning of the trial. The trial will commence at 9:00 a.m. on Monday, May 6, 2002. You have until then to secure legal counsel. If you do not secure counsel, attorneys will be appointed for you. This concludes this hearing”. Mrs. Etherington banged the gavel twice in quick succession.

As she rose to leave the room, Bill Rothman stepped toward her, pointed his finger and coldly said, “You will not get away with this”. He then turned and led his family from the room. Mrs. Etherington paused for a moment to collect herself. That incident had left her feeling a little uncomfortable. Then abruptly she turned and walked briskly from the room. Melanie and her parents left then and the two families met up outside the school. They talked as they waited for the valets to bring their cars around for them. As they were talking, the uniformed police officer came over to them.

“Mr. and Mrs. Willis? Mr. and Mrs. Rothman?”, he said politely.

“Yes?”, they all said together.

“I just wanted to let you know that Melanie and Kyrie will have to report to the police headquarters in the next few days to have their fingerprints and mug shots taken”.

“They are NOT common criminals!!”, Bill Rothman raged at the cop.

The officer held up his hands and said, “Sir, I understand and sympathize with you, I really do. I would feel the same way if it was my daughter, I can tell you. But I can assure you that this is routine procedure in a case like this. It does not mean they are common criminals”.

“I still don’t like it”, Bill said coldly.

“I know sir”, the officer replied, “I am sorry, I truly am”. Bill softened just a little and said, “Well, okay then”, a tad begrudgingly.

The officer told them to have a nice day and left.

“Dad, you’re not going to let them do this, are you?”, Kyrie asked in a very shaky voice. She and Melanie were holding each other very tightly without thinking. Melanie’s parents looked at their daughter with wide eyes. Bill Rothman answered his daughter’s question. “No way in hell am I going to let them do this. Nobody pulls crap like this on the Rothman family”, he said forcefully.

“Nor on the Willis family”, Peter said, still staring wide eyed at Melanie as she continued to hug Kyrie. Just then the valets arrived with the cars and as they stepped toward them Bill said, “Peter, how about you and your wife come to our place for lunch? We’d be more than happy to have you there. Besides, we’ll be able to talk strategy”.

Peter glanced at Courtney who immediately smiled and nodded, and then turned to Bill and said, “We’d be delighted Bill, thank you”.

“Don’t mention it”, Bill said. They started to get into the cars when Melanie paused and got a bit of a faraway look on her face.

“Honey”, Courtney inquired, concerned.

“Hmmm?”, Melanie replied. “Oh I was just peeing in my diapers”, she blurted, again without thinking. Suddenly her face went crimson and she stared, horror stricken, at the ground.

“D-diapers?”, Courtney stammered in shock.

“Mom, let’s talk about it at Kyrie’s place. Please?”, Melanie said, very quietly.

“Yes, let’s”, Courtney replied firmly.

They got into the cars and pulled away from the school. Melanie rode with her parents in their car and found herself really missing having Kyrie beside her. As before, the trip took 50 minutes. As they went through the gates, the Rothmans paused inside to allow the Willises through before using the remote to close them. In a few minutes they were in the house and as the parents began to discuss things, Melanie and Kyrie went once again to the kitchen to dispose of their diapers. Dominique, the chef, was there preparing lunch and he turned politely away as the girls unabashedly uncovered themselves to remove the unwanted diapers. He was quite used to Kyrie’s toilet habits of course, and thought nothing of them.

When they were back to there normal panties and jeans again they went outside. They spent the next couple of hours relaxing by the lake, peeing in their jeans when necessary. The first time Melanie needed to pee she tried to hold it because she wasn’t sure if she should just wet her pants with her parents here. But then she thought what the hell, I like doing this, it’s who I am now, so the hell with it, I’m doing it. And she sat there beside Kyrie and saturated her jeans. She closed her eyes and luxuriated in the wonderful feeling of peeing in her pants. The two of them necked and wet themselves for a while longer, and then they heard the lunch chime sounding from the house so they headed back.

As they walked into the lounge where their parents were, Melanie braced herself for her parents’ reaction when they saw her in pants that had obviously been peed in. Courtney smiled and said, “Hi Melanie, we were just ...”.

She abruptly stopped and gaped at Melanie’s soaked jeans. Obviously Bill and Caroline had not told them anything.

“Melanie”, Peter said in a very stern voice, “We need to talk. Now. Bill, Caroline, if you’ll excuse us?”

“Sure, no problem Peter. We’ll be in the dining hall. Charles will show you the way when you’re ready and Dominique will keep something warm for you”, Bill replied.

“Thank you Bill, Caroline”, Peter said gratefully.

“Don’t mention it”, Bill replied in what was becoming the Rothman family’s customary response. The Rothmans, including Kyrie, stood and left the room, closing the door softly behind them. Peter looked at his daughter with a worried expression on his face. Courtney was crying softly. She was deeply concerned for Melanie.

“Well”, Peter began, “first you hug Kyrie in a rather intimate way, then you casually tell us that you’re peeing in your diapers. Now you’ve peed in your pants. Apparently intentionally. Do you want to tell us what this is all about?”

Melanie was sitting gingerly on the edge of a chair, her hands fidgeting between her knees, her eyes studying the carpet intently.

“Well?!”, her dad said, a little louder this time.

She jumped a little and then started to speak.

“Um, well, like, at Etherington nobody, well, uses the, well, toilet. At – at all. We all just … just, well, do everything, well, in our pants, and now I – I really, well, like going in my pants. I don’t want to, well, use a toilet anymore…”. She trailed off nervously.

“Hmph”, Peter said, unimpressed, “And what about the diapers? And Kyrie?”

“Well”, she began, “we all, like, wear diapers when we go out somewhere. I’m almost incontinent now and I have to wear them when I go out”. She was starting to feel a little better as she spoke and she felt a little braver. She went on. “And – and, well, I – I’m a lesbian”. There, she said it. “I love Kyrie very much”, she added. Abruptly her mom began to sob uncontrollably. It was too much for her to take. Her dad immediately embraced Courtney and comforted her as best he could. He looked ashen. And Melanie felt sick with fear about what was going to happen to her now.

End of Part 8

