My Valentine

Author: Tom_UK, February 1998

Here is to my former wet lover and to my next . . . wherever she may be . . . .

A few postings on the message board and you gain the courage... you email me. Emails exchanged and we seem to like the same thing. You like to wet your panties and see what reaction this causes in men. I like to feel, to watch and to be the cause of a girl wetting herself...gorgeous. A daring mood descends upon us both, we decide to meet. A public place in central London. Somewhere we can meet and talk. My last email to you says "I want to talk so dirty to you that you would just piss your panties."

The time arrives and you are going to meet me for a drink in a nice bar. I arrive and you are waiting outside for me...looking the picture of beauty. Short black skirt, tight white top, hair and makeup perfectly done..very natural. We go inside and order drinks. We find a quiet table to chat. It's funny...after all our sexual conversations on email we seem to be talking about everything but! We talk about you and we talk about me. The drink starts to help relax us and the occasional look between us starts to warm things up.

I like you..hope you like me. Time passes by and we have not stopped talking. I make a joke and you laugh..."ooops, better not wet myself!" you say. What a tease, you know exactly what saying that will do to me. The drink has sunk in by now... the conversation has turned more sexual, much more flirting going on now. We seem to be sitting closer now, I can smell you now. The smell of your skin and your perfume infects me. Pupils all wide open and body language all positive. Wow. I want you so much. My jeans seem a bit small around certain areas now.

I put my hand on your leg and feel the softness of your hosery. You don't seem to mind. You uncross your legs to reveal the slightest glimpse of stocking top. You lean over and whisper "I want to go now." What does this mean? Do you want to go home? Do you want to pee? Do you want to come home with me? We leave the bar and goto the station to catch the train. We hold hands and it is soon clear that you are feeling hot. We get the train to my place. The train is busy. You seem to be crossing your legs rather a lot . . . hmmm I wonder . . . We get to my station and leave the train.

A 10 minutes walk back to mine. Down the side road and you seem to be walking with difficulty. Your legs seem to be squeezed together for some reason . . . I lean over and kiss you . . . you respond and the kiss turns very passionate and very affectionate. I put my arms around you as we kiss. My tongue meets yours as I explore your sweet tasting mouth. I move my mouth away from yours and kiss your cheek on my way down to your neck. My gentle kiss on your neck makes you moan. I run my hands down your back and squeeze your backside. "come on, let's get back to yours" you say. We continue walking and you seem to have more difficulty. I stop and kiss you a few more times on the way.

We get to my door. I unlock it and we go up the stairs to my place. You run ahead and call back "where's the bathroom?", "straight on" I call back. You seem slightly embarrassed to wet yourself in front of a relative stranger. You really seem genuinely desperate and not just teasing. I catch you up as you go through my kitchen to find the bathroom. Before you get any further I grab you around the waist and pull you back "oh no you don't" I say . . . you struggle very slightly before giving in and turning around. We both know what is about to happen. We start kissing . . . more and more intensely. I run my hands all over your beautiful body. Over your breasts, down your back, inbetween your thighs and finally up your skirt. You are wearing stockings . . . mmmm nice.

I feel the smoothness of your inner thighs above the stocking line, and then . . . the dampness of your panties. Damp from the juice of your pussy. The kissing turns into a frenzy. You suddenly break off and gasp . . . you panties have just warmed up from a hot spurt. Beautiful . . . a sexy girl wetting herself in my place. We continue kissing . . . my hand still feeling you between your legs. The spurt was just the start . . . a flow starts through your little panties, onto my hand and down your stockinged legs. You've lost control. You are pissing yourself really bad now . . . no stopping. You're knees become weak and you are only standing up because I am holding you up. The flow stops and you are dripping wet from pee and love juice. I lift your skirt up to reveal the full sexiness of your legs, stockings and little white panties . . . complete with wet patches.

What happens next is private!

