THREE AND ME

Author: William Abbott

Because three women at once is about all my tiny little mind can imagine without my brain exploding.

A lot of the stories I write are really love stories with a strong erotic/omorashi element, but not this one. This one is a straight-up sex fantasy, over the top in its hedonism and shamelessly shallow it its characterization.

Go ahead. Indulge.

Three women and me, packing up the car after a day at the beach. Three women with tanned skin and long loose hair still salty from the ocean. A day lying out in the sun left them thirsty, maybe even a little dehydrated, so they drank and drank as we packed up, and now we’re stopped in traffic halfway across a bridge and they all have to pee.

We’re in the middle lane of three and we haven’t moved in 20 minutes. There’s got to be some kind of accident up ahead, but the bridge so long you can’t even see to the end in either direction. Oh man do they need to pee, but what can they do? Get out and walk? How long would it take just to get to the end of the bridge? And when you got there, then what? There’s no handy MacDonald’s or gas station there—nothing that would help three pretty women squirming in their seats. Squirming. Wriggling. Knocking their knees. The only small mercy here is that we’re in a pickup truck and the cab is high enough that the cars to either side can’t see their legs.

In the driver’s seat is Kate, wearing a wonderful pair of very short cutoffs, so frayed that the denim is almost worn through in places. Up top she’s got a loose white blouse. On the trip out to the beach she had her bathing suit under her clothes. Now she has just the clothes, with nothing underneath. No bra to constrict those round delicious breasts. No panties under those short, short cutoffs. She tries to cross her legs but the steering wheel is in the way, so instead she reaches down to grip herself, squeezing her thighs together. She’s not moving around much, just rocking gently with her legs pressed together.

I’m sure she is wishing she could think about something else besides how bad she has to go, but there’s not much chance of that. Not with Mandy riding shotgun. Mandy’s wearing a cute little dusty rose sundress—scoop neck, short sleeves, and a very short pleated skirt, the kind a girl has to be careful how she moves around in. Unlike Kate, she did think to bring a pair of underwear, but she also has no bra so her breasts jiggle when she bounces up and down in her seat. Her legs are crossed at the thigh and crossed again at the ankle and she can’t sit still, can’t stop wriggling, can’t stop talking about how ohmygod she has to go pee, her bladder’s about to explode, she can’t hold it much longer, she’s gonna pee in her panties, and what’s up with this traffic?

The third woman is Lani, wedged in the middle and sitting (Where else?) in my lap. She’s wearing a sarong—a big square of Indian print fabric tied at her waste, and it keeps falling open to show her thigh almost up to the hip. Her tank top is stretched like a second skin over her breasts. The contours of her nipples are clearly visible, and the top is low cut enough to give me a view right down between those large, round, firm, yummy... I’m sorry, where was I?

Right—I’m sitting in the middle, squeezed in between Kate and Mandy with my arms around Lani’s waist and her cute little butt nestled right back against my hard-on.

She’s trying not to squirm too much in my lap, but she can’t help doing the scissor-knees a little. Maybe she doesn’t even realize she’s doing it. I’m hardwood inside my jeans, so aroused I can barely stand it, and there’s no possible way for Lani not to feel my swollen cock, throbbing and pressed up against her ass. She rests a hand over my arms and wriggles, and I can feel the sticky wet spot I’m leaving in my underwear.

All three of these women—Kate, Mandy, and Lani—are very close friends of mine, and I’ve kissed each of them more than once. Kate and I had sex just the one time, the weekend we first met on a camping trip with a big group of friends. Lani and I have never slept together, but she once came in my arms as we cuddled (fully clothed) under a picnic blanket watching fireworks on a warm summers night. And Mandy...while I’ve never seen her naked, we’re often playfully physical together, and that’s spilled over into some pretty heavy necking more than once. So it’s not exactly a problem for anyone that I’m engorged with lust against Lani’s wriggling ass— it’s just not what any of them are focused on right now.

There’s a bit of movement in the cars ahead and Kate puts the truck in gear to inch forward about ten feet. We stop again and she thumps the steering wheel in frustration. Shifts in her seat. Reaches between her legs again, and this time she slides her fingers up under the frayed hem of her cutoffs to press skin against skin. Very quietly, I hear her say, “Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!”

Lani, in my lap, knocks her knees together again. She looks up at the ceiling and breathes, “Oh God, I don’t know how much longer I can last. I really have to go.” She presses the palms of her hands together and then squeezes them between her thighs (one bare thigh showing again through the slit in her sarong).

And Mandy, wedged in beside me in the passenger seat, is bent forward in her seat, legs crossed, rocking back and forth. Biting her lip. Clenching her teeth. “I can’t hold it,” she says. “I’m serious. I’m gonna piss myself.”

She looks down at the cup holder. There, wet with icy condensation, is the 32-ounce cup from the last of the several extra-large Diet Cokes that the three of them shared. The soda’s all gone now, just a lot of ice slowly melting in the bottom. In an emergency...? I’ve noticed Kate and Mandy both eyeing it, and for Lani, well of course it’s right in front of her. But nobody wants to be the first, not to use it or even to say it.

Kate loosens her seatbelt, tries to slide it down her thighs and off of her swollen bladder. She undoes the button at the waistband of her cutoffs. Then she unzips the first inch, the first two inches of her fly. This seems to make her grit her teeth even more, and she grinds her hips further back into her seat.

Lani is still doing the scissors, parting her knees a few inches and then pressing them together, over and over again, rocking her ass against my cock as she does so.

Mandy she lets out a whimper and doubles over in her seat with her hands cupping her crotch. “Oh God!"she says. “I’m...”

Here it comes. My cock throbs against Lani’s ass.

Mandy stabs frantically at the seatbelt buckle. Lani makes a sympathetic noise. Kate looks across at her, then stares resolutely out the windshield.

“I can’t...” whimpers Mandy. “I can’t hold it...” And she grabs the cup. Ice sloshes noisily in the last little bit of Coke as she pops the lid off. “I’m peeing...” She pulls her skirt up around her waist, scoots her hips down to the edge of her seat. Her panties are lavender with delicate white pinstripes. At the crotch, a wet spot the size of a dime...a quarter...a silver dollar. “I can’t...” She pulls the panties to one side, uncovering her thatch of curly light brown hair. “I’m sorry...”

And she lets go a spurt. And then a gushing torrent.

She catches most of it in the cup. Her fingers get wet and she splashes some on her inner thighs and a little on the edge of the seat, but it’s nothing she can’t mop up afterwards with her panties. (The towels, of course, are all in the back of the truck.)

It’s loud. The hollow cup catches the sound and amplifies it, and as her hot pee froths around the ice it roars like a river in the first wild flood of spring.

Loud.

Mandy’s eyes are closed, shutting out the world, but her face is scarlet.

Now it’s Kate, behind the wheel, who whimpers, writhes, and grinds her thighs together. She mutters quietly, “Oh please please please no...”

Lani’s legs have gone rigid in my lap, tightly crossed and with her hands, still pressed palm-topalm, pinned between them. She rocks her hips, bounces up and down on my thighs. My hands have slid down to rest lightly against Lain’s legs, and the space in here are is close that I can feel the heat of Kate’s bare thigh against the back of one hand, Mandy’s nakedness against the other.

Mandy is still peeing. Lani mutters “Oh God,” and Mandy says, “I’m sorry. I can’t stop.” Steam rises from the cup, and the pitch changes from a deep, throaty roar to a higher splashy sound as the cup fills, and finally to a light trickle.

Ahead of us, the cars have started moving again. Kate groans, hunched forward in her seat, and puts the truck in gear. As we start forward,

Lani gasps, “Mandy, I need the cup!” She bends forward, grinding her ass against my hard-on.

“It’s almost full.”

“Empty it! Quick!”

We’re rolling now—slowly, but it looks like the jam is clearing up ahead and we’ll be picking up speed soon. We move out of the shadow of a bridge pier and sunlight floods the cab, pouring across Mandy’s lap. Little droplets of pee glitter in her pubic hair. She smooths her skirt down over her lap and pops her door open a crack, just enough to pour out the hot pee and melting ice. We leave a trickle of steaming piss on the sunbaked tar behind us.

She turns and hands the cup to Lani, who takes it, but propped up on my lapthe way she is, there’s not much she can do with it. “I can’t...I... Oh God, Mandy, you have to switch places with me!” Lani’s whole body is clenching, coiling in around itself.

“What?” Mandy is struggling awkwardly with her panties now, sliding them down to her knees. “OK, hang on.” She lets them drop to her ankles and then pulls her feet loose. “I’ve just gotta...” She folds the panties with the wet crotch inside, “...dry myself off.” And she uses the wadded underwear to wipe down her inner thighs.

Lani lets go a heartfelt expletive. “Mandy,” she says, “I’m about to piss all over William’s lap! You’re not gonna get him any wetter than that. Switch with me now!”

Traffic is moving more steadily. Our lane passes a row of 18-wheelers and then a crew of road workers and a traffic cop, with Mandy and Lani crawling over each other and trying not to flash them. Maneuvering in such a tight space would be hard to do gracefully under the best of circumstances, and Mandy is bareass naked under a micro-short skirt while Lani, with her bladder about to burst, manages to step on the hem of her own sarong pull it loose. She huffs in annoyance when it happens, but it’s obviously much easier for her to move around without it. And what turns out to be under it? A thong. Black. Maybe real silk. She has a really nice ass, to go with those strong, athletic legs.

Mandy settles her bare butt down in my lap. Her knees straddle mine and she scooches back to rest against my belly. Her skirt drapes around her hips, covering her, but there’s no getting around the fact that her ass is totally naked as the fly of my jeans presses into the valley between her cheeks. She startles a little when she feels my hard-on—hell, she can probably feel my pulse against her tailbone—and she turns her head to look up at me. Her eyebrows are raised with question and surprise, but the corners of her mouth turn up in the hint of a mischievous smile.

Lani bundles her sarong into Mandy’s lap. She hooks her thumbs under the waistband of her thong and slides out of it, and she’s naked now, totally naked except for a skimpy tank top. She spreads her legs. Her pubic hair is trimmed to a narrow fringe.

I know, I know, I shouldn’t be looking. (Yeah, right.)

A truck passes us, casting the cab into shadow again. The driver, if he should happen to look, could see down into Lani’s bare lap. She can’t worry about that now. She scoots forward to perch on the edge of her seat and positions the cup with businesslike determination. Her eyes close, her face goes slack, and again comes the sound of water running full blast.

Kate, at the wheel, in her cutoffs, squeals in agony.

From the bridge to Kate’s apartment isn’t very far. The first exit after the bridge takes us into our neighborhood, and the roar of Lani’s rushing river continues all the way around the cloverleaf ramp. Kate is breathing through gritted teeth, and I can feel the tension in her thigh, pressed against mine.

The gas station by the exit might have served her need, but it has been closed with a “For Lease” sign for the last month.

A red light stops us, and Lani’s flow stops abruptly. Quickly, before the light changes again, she opens the door to pour out the cup. She’s still naked from hips to toes but her face is a picture of unconcern with only the barest hint of pink in her cheeks to show that anything’s amiss.

Kate on the other hand, gripping the wheel with one hand and her crotch with the other, is breathing like a woman in childbirth.

Green light, and now she has to use both hands again, shifting with her right and steering with her left. Her fly has come open all the way now (No panties, remember?) and little curls of fluffy blond hair peek out at me. Her feet stab at the clutch and gas pedal. Squirming in her seat, she takes her hand away long enough to pop the truck into second and then third gear, then slides it back inside her cut-offs to grip the quivering muscles around her bladder and hold back the pee that wants to gush like a fire hydrant between her legs. She’s stretched to bursting, her bladder swollen to the size of a cantaloupe. She wriggles. Writhes. Keeps her eyes on the road. Breathe. Breathe. Breathe. Will she make it? She grits her teeth. She bounces in her seat, and her breasts bob and bounce in her blouse.

My cock is throbbing against Mandy’s ass.

Lani pulls her thong back up, then takes the sarong and works it underneath her butt. She ties it as best she can.

We’re passing Maple Street now, and now Birch. Almost home.

Kate is squirming so much it must be hard to drive. Her thigh, pressed against mine, clenches and unclenches. Looking at her biting her lip, her fly still undone, her pants wide open and her curly hair peeking out, it’s all I can do not to wriggle a little myself and grind my cock against Mandy’s warm round naked butt. I hug my arms tightly around her waist, trying to hold still.

Willow Street, and then we’re turning into the little parking lot across from the apartment house. Pulling in, Kate is puffing, “Ooo, ooo, ooo.”

Engine off, doors open, and Kate struggles to pull her zipper part way up over her swollen bladder, careful not to snag any of her hair.

Lani has to hold onto her sarong to keep it from falling off as she gets out. Standing next to the truck, she carefully loosens and re-ties it.

Mandy slides her bare bottom across my thigh and plops down onto the seat next to me, then swings her legs around to get out. I watch her closely, hoping to get another glimpse of that naked tush, but she smoothes the skirt down as she stands, keeping herself (barely!) covered. Both of them, my God, standing out in the sun fully clothed and yet so nearly naked!

As I undo my own seatbelt, I see Kate standing by the still-open driver’s door. Her face is out of sight; my view is just from her breasts down to her knees. The sunlight catches her blouse in a way that makes it almost translucent, and my breath catches at the sight of those breasts, round and full and swaying free. I can make out the soft buttons of her nipples, the areolas slightly darker than the surrounding skin. That alone would be enough to make me salivate, but my eyes travel down. The button at the top of her cutoffs is still undone, the zipper down an inch or two. Is it my imagination, or can I actually see how swollen her bladder is? The denim of her shorts is faded to a very pale blue, very frayed. They’d been cut to within a few inches of the crotch and wear and washings and time in the dryer has curled the ragged edges to the very tops of her thighs. As I watch, she crosses those thighs again, her knees flex...and then...

...and then...

...she...

Oh my God.

She goes. I actually stop breathing as she pees in her pants, standing right there next to the truck.

The crotch of her cutoffs darkens, and pee comes spurting out from under the frayed hem to wriggle in a serpentine meander down her thigh.

I can see her body relax. The fabric glistens, and as she uncrosses her legs, the flow intensifies. The darkness spreads, wicking up along the creases in the ancient denim and the seams alongside the zipper.

Water runs in sheets down both thighs and begins to fall free at her knees. I can hear it spatter the pavement.

She shifts her legs closer together (perhaps to make it flow more quietly down her legs) but the floodwaters are too strong, cascading like a clear mountain stream swollen with spring melt. The puddle at her feet tinkles like summer rain.

It must be over a minute now, and she’s still going. I sit transfixed the whole time, unable to avert my eyes.

Finally—slowly—the river ebbs. The cloudburst slackens. The flow subsides. Beads of water drip from the frayed ends of the denim, catching the sun, but the crotch that had glistened with rippling water is now merely dark with wet.

I hear her sigh, and as she moves out of my line of view, I turn away to get out of the truck.

And what happens next? Kate needs to shower, of course, but then, covered with salt and suntan lotion, so do we all. Let’s imagine the shower stall big enough to hold all four of us. I hear their voices and giggling from inside the bathroom before they come back out to invite me, maybe a little shyly, to join them. They’re naked now, all of them, laughing with the mischief of running around the apartment in the buff, and I peel my own clothes from my body as fast as I can, leaving them in a heap on the floor. As we walk toward the bathroom, Kate first (round body with shiny wet thighs) and then Lani (athletic shoulders and muscular butt) and finally Mandy (cute and perky, with pale skin and freckles) one of them reaches back to actually take my bone-hard penis in her hand to lead me along.

Water and soap—so much suds and so much skin. On my knees, the three of them surrounding me, my face pressed into one crotch and then another and then another. Slippery, soapy, and wet, my tongue in one cunt, thumbs in the other two. Women grinding against my thumbs, one of them grabbing my hand to thrust it even deeper inside her. Wet inside. The roar of the shower over us as one woman cums (Oh, yes! Oh! Ohhhhhf) and then another. Breasts sliding over breasts. Two women kiss as I lick and suckle a clit.

Hot water raining on my shoulders, suds swirling around my knees to gurgle down the drain, naked thighs pressed up around me on all sides.

The only question is how long I can hold out before I cum.

