8 Sightings
 	Entry to: Week 64
By Paul Tester (2000-10-16)

(not exactly a story but brilliant non-the-less)

We all hate queues, don't we; except when it is a queue of girls waiting to  get into the Ladies, and then it's a case of the longer the better, and how  can we find an excuse to stand and watch.  Reviving the title of the old  Spike Milligan TV series, though this has nothing to do with either Spike  or TV, here are eight sightings of desperate women queuing for the Ladies.   All of these are genuine sightings which I have observed, and I make no  excuses for looking for this sort of thing when-ever I have the chance.  As  far as I know, I was always the 'invisible watcher' and the girls would  have suffered just as much desperation whether I was there or not, and  there was never anything I could have done to have helped her get in the  loo any quicker.  

1 A short queue, only about 5 or 6 girls, most seeming to be one group all  about 15 or 16 years old, probably from a coach tour.  Most are crossing  their legs some quite tightly, some even twisting round to demonstrate how  badly they want to go.  One, slim with short dark hair, wearing tight black  cord trousers, is really twisting her legs together, half crouching,  obviously very desperate.  A few seconds in this position and then she  presses one hand hard between her crossed legs, not really making any  attempt to hide what she is doing.  Some of her friends notice, and begin  to laugh at her plight.

"It's not funny," she wails, "I'm going to do it down my leg any moment, I  can't wait much longer."

For the rest of the time in the queue she constantly holds her crutch,  twisting and squirming about in desperation, legs crossed.  I watch for  maybe 3 or 4 minutes until she gets inside the Ladies.  There was obviously  a queue inside, because it is at least 5 minutes before the girls come out.   As far as I could see, her cords were still dry, but it must have been a  close thing, and I can only imagine her increasing desperation as she can  see the loos and begins to anticipate her pee.

2 A long queue for a Ladies discretely hidden in some bushes, but  unfortunately only the end of the queue is visible.  A tall woman of about  55, not overweight, but not thin either, hurries to join the queue.  She is  wearing a green trouser suit, the trousers quire close fitting, and she has  her hands in her trouser pockets as she walks.  Immediately she joins the  queue she crosses her legs and looks anxiously at the length of the queue  ahead of her.  A few seconds thought, and she puts her hand between her  legs and presses hard against her crutch.  She is very exposed, and it is  very clear what she is doing, but she makes no attempt to hide it, or to  move her hand.  For as long as I am able to see her before the queue is  hidden by the bushes, she is holding her crutch, legs knotted and an  appropriately tense and grim look on her face.  

I did not see her come out of the Ladies, so I will never know if she made  it or not.

3 A tall, well-built woman of about 30, shoulder length brown hair and  wearing tight red cords, with the outline of her bikini knickers visible  from behind.  When I first see her she is at the end of an enormous queue  for a Ladies after some Royal event.  She is standing with her legs  knotted, leaning slightly forward with hands pushed into her trouser  pockets.  Obviously bursting, and not making any attempt to hide her  condition.  After a few minutes in the queue, which is hardly moving  forward, she twists round in a circle once or twice, bending her knees and  half crouching.  

She says something like "Oh hurry up, I'm bursting, I want a loo!" as she  twists round.  Then she regains control and resumes her earlier position,  standing with knotted legs.  She was in this queue for at least 30 minutes,  maybe longer, I wasn't timing, and this twisting round and half crouching  is repeated regularly at about 2 or 3 minute intervals, probably more  frequently the longer she is in the queue, presumably when her bladder  pressure got too great to control just with crossed legs.  Not for one  second did she uncross her legs.  As far as I could see, she managed to  keep control of her bladder, as her trousers would have shown any leaks,  but what an effort she was making to hold it.

4 A queue for the Ladies at a sporting event.  A minibus has just unloaded a  group of 18 to 20 year old girls, most of whom have hurried to join the  queue.  A tallish girl, average build, wearing tight blue jeans, is hopping  about, crossing her legs, jigging up and down, twisting round and leaning  forward, clearly quite desperate for a pee.  Several others are standing  with the legs crossed.  She then twists round, legs crossed as tightly and  as hard as it was possible for her to do, groaning as she did so, and  telling her friends how badly she wanted to pee.  As she was twisting  round, so one of the other girls said to her "Cross your legs tighter,  really squeeze your pee back."  

The others latched onto this idea, and as she twisted round, crossing her  legs so tightly, so they all took up the chorus,  "Squeeze, Squeeze, hold  it back, squeeze yourself shut."  She kept up this desperate leg crossing,  and they kept up the chorus of encouragement until they were inside the loo  and out of my sight.

5 Victoria coach station, a busy, pre-holiday time.  A mother, about 45, with  a young daughter, about 8 or 9, almost running, certainly trotting, from a  newly arrived coach towards the prominently sign-posted Ladies, where there  was a queue about 5 yards long.  Mother groaned in anguish when she saw  this, and first crossed her legs, and then began to hop from foot to foot,  bending forward and crossing her legs again, then putting one hand in her  coat pocket, trying to be a discrete as possible as she began to hold  between her legs.  Daughter did not seem to be too bad, not doing any more  than cross her legs, but mother was in a real state, quite incapable of  keeping still, and mostly holding her crutch from her coat pocket,  continuing like this until she was inside the Ladies.

6 Battersea Park,  the Easter Sunday Parade, some years ago.  (Do they still  have this?) Two girls, about 14 or 15 jump out of the cab of a horse box as soon as it  stops, and walk very fast toward the complex of public loos, where all the  Ladies have queues.  One of the girls, slim, with mousy hair and glasses,  but quite cute looking, wearing a sports jacket over tight denim jeans,  joins the nearest queue, and crossing her legs tightly, looks in despair at  her queue and all the other queues.

"Oh No!  A queue, I won't be able to wait, I'll have to piss myself!" (If only, I thought.  Now she has made her intentions clear, am I in for a  treat?)

She twists her legs together, turns round in circles, crouches down, trying  to cross her legs even tighter.  Then she stands up and presses her right  hand between her crossed legs, leaning forward slightly.  A few minutes in  this position, and the queue hardly moving, with no sign of the promised  wetting, then she turns towards her friend, who seems to be relatively OK,  only crossing her legs.

"I've been waiting and waiting for so long.  I can't stand it much longer,  I'm going to go any minute."

She gripped her right wrist with her left hand, then almost knelt down as  she pressed between her legs with all her strength, fighting to control a  surge of desperation, then must have regained some control, because she  managed to survive the rest of the queue holding with one hand only, and  her jeans were dry when she came out.

7 Houston Texas, the annual Rodeo, a big event there, with a fun-fair and  other amusements outside the main rodeo area.  A voyeurs dream, lots of  temporary Ladies Toilets with long queues.  This one was near the entrance,  and had a queue about 10 yards long, but no-one showing any signs of great  desperation.  Three girls about 20 come almost running from the entrance.   They are dressed as 'urban cowgirls' white shirts, Stetson hats, and  absolutely skin-tight blue jeans.  With the usual groans of "Oh no, a  queue" they join the queue, each one crossing her legs tightly, then  beginning the pee dance, twisting round in circles, bending forward,  hopping from foot to foot, holding their abdomens as the bend forward. (The  pressure of their jeans on their swollen bladders must have been agony!) The queue is really slow moving, and after about 5 minutes they start  discussing alternatives.  One points to the main rodeo arena, 60 to 80  yards away, and suggests there must be other restrooms inside.

"Can you-all walk that far?  Can you-all really manage to walk all that  way? I don't think I could make it, and there will only be another queue  when we get there.  We've got to stay here, it's safer."

The other two reluctantly agree, gripping their belts and pulling, or  trying to pull, their jeans tighter between their legs.  Another five  minutes, the queue has moved forward quite a lot.  One is now unzipping and  zipping her jeans in a most agitated way, while still doing the pee-dance.   Another makes some comforting remark about there not being much longer to  wait.

"Don't say that.  Don't talk about it, don't even think about it!  It only  makes you want to go more.  I can't stand it if it gets any worse," replied  the zip puller, squirming about even more frantically, then with a sudden  exclamation of "It's no good, I'm not going to make it," she left the queue  and almost ran to a low hedge, maybe 3 feet high, against the wire fence of  the car park.  She forces herself between the hedge and the wire, the hedge  hardly coming up to her waist, pulls down her jeans, and crouches so low  that only the top of her head is visible.  The hedge was thick enough to  hide her peeing, and giggling with embarrassment, she re-joined her friends  who were still suffering in the queue.

"I had to do it, I was losing it, I couldn't have lasted any longer," she  explained, and then continued,  "Nobody can see you, nobody cares anyway,  and its better that waiting for ages here, you might as well go there as  well."

To my amazement, they all walked to the hedge, and with her standing guard  the other two crouched behind the hedge and peed.  As she said, nobody else  seemed to take any notice!

8 Outside the local Theme Park.  A minibus has just arrived with a group of  'twenty-somethings' who are queuing to buy tickets.  There are no public  loos for customers until they are inside the Park.  One of the group, as  girl about 22, quite tall, average build with blonde hair, wearing a T- shirt and knee-length tight fitting faded denim shorts, showing the outline  of her 'high-cut' knickers, crosses her legs as soon as she is in the  queue.  She has to queue for about 5 minutes to get a ticket, and during  this time she goes through every variation of trying to control her  bursting bladder except holding between her legs.  

She crosses her legs, she hops up and down on the spot, she walks round in  small circles.  She pushes her hands deep into the pockets of her shorts  and bends forward, she scissors one knee across her other thigh.  Watching  her from behind, I can see her tense her buttocks as she clenches her  bladder shut.  She tries to stand still with her legs stiff and thighs  pressed together, then, still keeping her legs straight, she crosses them  tightly, and I can see she is clenching her fists as she struggles with her  bladder.  This whole desperation scene is performed in silence; she never  speaks to her friends, complaining of her desperate need to pee.  It seems  as if she is trying to hide her conditions, but is so desperate she simply  cannot keep still or stand normally.

At last they buy their tickets and enter the Park.  The Ladies is about 10  yards from the entrance, (she had probably been able to see it all the time  she was in the queue.) and the second she is through the gate she is  running for it, long fast strides, no pretence, she has got to pee, and  every second is vital.

Paul Tester October 2000.   
