The Day I Went and Did It
  ENtry to: Week 20
Author: --A-- (1997-02-15)

I had been spending a lonely Thanksgiving weekend Sunday, quietly eating a bagel and lox at a local bagel shop. As I got up to leave the establishment, I picked up a copy of a free local paper as I headed back to my apartment. I walked inside my humble domicile, and lay down on my bed and began to flip through the paper, glancing at various articles and pictures, and, finding nothing particularly interesting, I turned to the back pages where are printed hundreds of ads for us adults. First there are the phonesex advertisements, and after that comes the massage section. Being the horny guy that I am, especially during a lonely weekend when everyone was away visiting relatives, I wondered to myself who actually answers the phone when one calls up these places. Most of the ads seem to be placed by individual women who come to your house and rub you down. Suffice it to say I was stricken with that kind of curiosity driven by abject horniness.

So, I summoned up the courage and called one of the numbers. A woman picked up and said hello. I of course panicked and hung up immediately. I'm sure they're used to that. I proceeded to dial a few of the other numbers, most of which were picked up by machines that told me to leave a message and she would call me right back.

At this point I figured what the heck and left a message on a few of the machines, saying something about being interested in a rather unconventional activity. Yes, I had decided that at long last I was going to live out my fantasy of having an attractive woman wet her pants for me. I must point out that none of this was premeditated; I had considered something like this before but never before had I planned on actually going through with it. It was a case of spur of the moment, kinky, wet, horny, sexual frustration.

Anyway, a few of the women called me back, and I asked what services they provided... kind of like one would ask a local fitness center, I mused. They each told me basically the same thing -- that we would both take our clothes off and she would rub me all over and generally have fun. And then I would tell her that I had a rather different request...

"I actually have a kind of different request, and I'm not sure if you'd be willing to do it. "

"Oh yeah, what's that? "

"Well, my fantasy is to have someone... wet her pants for me." Most of these women immediately responded that this was not an option...

"No, I won't do that."

"No, I wouldn't be able to do that for you."

"Oh no! (click)." One nice woman however, talked to me for a bit about her unusual services...

"Did you call the ad with the shoe?" She was referring to her ad which depicted simply a black patent leather high-heeled shoe. I had figured she would be used to odd requests.

"Ah, yes, I am responding to your ad with the shoe."

"Yes, that picture is meant to attract clients with shoe fetishes. I have a special room here to accommodate all sorts of fetish activities. I have harnesses for men who like to be tied up, and collars and leashes for clients who like to be treated like dogs. I cater to a wide variety of fetish and bondage and discipline activities."

"Oh, how interesting. Wow... but, um, would you be willing to... wet your pants for me?"

"Hmm, lets see, I've done all sorts S and M rituals for people, but I've never been asked to wet my pants before."

"So, would you be interested?"

"We, lets see... I don't know if this is what you had in mind, but the most I could do for you would be to let you watch me douche..."

"Well, no, actually that isn't really what I had in mind. Thanks so much for talking to me though."

"Oh certainly."

"Take care."

Amid these little talks with various exotic masseuses, there was one rather level-headed woman who sounded sincere...

"Sure, I'd be willing to do that."

"Really?"

"Sure I'll try just about anything. It seems pretty harmless."

"And, would you be willing to do it while wearing tight jeans?"

"Sure."

"When are you available today?"

"Well, actually not till after four."

"How much do you charge?"

"I charge 150 for an hour."

"How old are you?"

"I'm 24."

"Oh, I'm 23."

"I'm sure we'll have lots to talk about then."

"Terrific. And what do you look like?"

"Oh don't worry about what I look like. All of my clients have told me that I'm the best looking masseuse they've ever had. I'm 5'8", (something something measurements I can never remember these things, sounded good,) I have long brown hair, and brown eyes. Don't worry I'm very good-looking."

"OK, I'm decide if I actually want to do this or not. I'm gonna have to call you back, OK?"

"OK then."

"I'll call you back soon... Bye." I circled her ad and marked it with asterisks of course. And then when I was finished surveying the service providers, I decided to scrap the idea and head over to the mall.

As I was window shopping and looking at pretty women in short dresses, I happened to look at my watch, which read 3:15. It dawned on me that 4 o'clock was only 45 minutes away, and that if I were to walk around the mall for another half hour, and then head home, I could call the beasterisked woman and have my fantasy fulfilled!

It was a long half-hour, and my cock was straining in my pants. I was very excited. Finally, I went home and picked up the phone...

"Hi, I called earlier asking you if you would wet your pants for me..."

"Oh yeah, I remember."

"Could you come over? I've decided that I would really like to do this."

"Sure, when would you like me to come?"

"Um, as soon as possible?"

"OK, where do you live?" I told her.

"I can be there in an hour. What would you like me to wear?"

"Tight jeans would be good -- and a nice top I guess."

"Do you have any particular color you would like the jeans to be?"

"Um, blue I guess."

"I think I have some of those. What kind of panties should I wear?"

"White cotton if you have some."

"I sure do."

"Great I'll see you soon, then."

"OK, I'll be over soon." Minutes seemed like hours of course. The time passed like it was wearing cement shoes on its feet. I couldn't really believe that after nearly my entire sexually-aware life of masturbating to the thought of this act, I was finally going to live out my fantasy. I called her machine again to tell her my apartment number in case I had forgotten to. I called her machine again to tell her to be sure to drink lots of water before she got here. I took a shower. I put on some nice clothes.

I sat outside on the front step, waiting for her to arrive... any car might be hers... Finally, she pulled up and I waved. She got out of her car, and I saw that she was indeed a very attractive young lady. I was disappointed though that she was wearing a pair of black stretch pants. Could she really have misunderstood?

Then she reached back into her car and took out a black leather bag and some blue jeans. She called over to me from the driveway...

"I BROUGHT TWO PAIRS OF JEANS FOR YOU TO CHOOSE FROM!!" Well, it certainly seemed that loud at the time. What would the neighbors think? I'm sure I blushed.

I showed her inside, and she asked me to pay her outright before we did anything else. I of course obliged her, and then she showed me my options...

"I have these two pairs of jeans. These here are tighter."

"I'm sold on those then." She proceeded to take off her stretch pants. She was wearing a very cute pair of white cotton panties with blue flowers or something...

"Do you like my panties?"

"Mmmm, yes, as a matter of fact I do." Then she donned the jeans we had agreed upon, and good lord did she look delicious. I looked her over as she began to rub my shoulders. Then she was all over me. We went over to my bed, and she put her hand on my fly...

"Do you want me to touch you?"

"Please."

She unzipped my jeans and took them off, and then she took off my underwear. She reached into her bag and took out some massage oil and rubbed it on my hard cock. It felt heavenly. I shivered.

"Oh, this feels so good. Please... I think you should stop -- I don't want to come yet." She proceeded to rub my chest and my stomach, as I admired her terrific body... she looked great in those jeans. I put my hand between her legs and began to massage her pussy through her pants. We lay down together at my request so we could cuddle for a bit. There is of course only two activities on par with having a pretty woman wet her pants for me, and those are intercourse and cuddling. Intercourse was not an option, but the latter certainly was. I love cuddling. I kissed her neck...sucked on her ear lobe... unbuttoned her shirt and gently squeezed her nipples...

Then she cut to the chase...

"I drank a whole bunch of water before I got here... are you going to put me in your bathroom to do this?"

"Well, actually I thought the kitchen might be fun."

"OK... we're going to have to do this soon... I really have to pee, baby."

"Do you think you can do it a little right here while we cuddle?"

"Here in your bed? It will get all wet!"

"Well, you could go just a tiny bit -- just enough to show."

"OK I think I can do that." I began to gently massage her between her legs through her jeans, as she knelt over me and concentrated...

"You can put your hands in my pants -- I think that would help. But you can only touch me through my panties, OK?"

"OK, that seems fair to me."

I unzipped her jeans and put my hand into her pants and began to rub her pussy through her panties. And then she began to pee. I was in heaven. I felt the warmth of her warm liquid as it began to drip from her pussy. I saw her jeans begin to darken as a tiny wet spot appeared. I was so turned on, it really cannot be explained.

"Mmmm, I went a little, can you see?"

"Yes, I can... I think we should go into the kitchen and you can let it all out."

"That's a good idea -- I really have to go."

We got up, and she zipped up her tight jeans as I walked her to the kitchen. Her ass looked amazing, and could faintly see the tiny wet spot between her legs. I was finally going to experience this. I really couldn't believe it.

She stood, leaning against the counter, and I knelt between her luscious thighs. She concentrated quietly, and a new wet spot appeared.

"Oooh, that one went down my leg." It certainly had. I was dying.

"Oh yeah, here it comes."

I stared at her crotch as it began to darken in earnest, and her pee began to flow into her jeans. Her pants turned shiny between her legs as her piss flowed forth.

"Yeah, do it -- let it all out... piss in your pants for me... please."

"Yes, oh, there I go..." Piss then began to pour from her like a vision from my fondest fantasies. it streamed down her legs, and dripped from her upper thighs onto the floor. The puddle beneath her grew, as I put my cheek to her crotch and felt her hot urine against my face. It smelled only faintly because it was so dilute. How perfect it was. I was loving life. I could hear the hiss of her pee pouring from her, and I could feel the wet denim, warm against her thighs. I put my hands between her legs and felt her piss flow through my fingers. Just like in my dreams. And then she had finished. I looked up at her. She spoke...

"Now I want you to come for me."

I stood up and gently, firmly, grabbed her wet denim-clad ass as I rubbed my cock against her. I looked down at her soaked jeans, and ran my hand down her fly to her soaking wet crotch, and I began to come. My cock began to spasm as I shot hot white sticky cum all over her ass as I rubbed my body against hers. It was wonderful.

As I finished coming, I looked at her and she asked the obvious question...

"Did you come all over my jeans?"

"As a matter of fact I did." She smiled and we walked together to the bathroom, her in front of me so I could admire her ass, dark with piss and cum. What a sight to behold. The cum I suppose I could have done without, but her ass soaked with piss was a vision.

I helped her take off her jeans and panties as she stepped into the tub and turned on the water. She set to the task of washing her wet jeans and panties, as I rubbed her thigh and admired her naked form...

"You know of course I don't judge you at all for what you like. Everyone has their little kinks." I smiled and responded with something but to tell you the truth the remainder of her stay with me was a blur. She got out of the tub and dried off, and went into my bedroom and put her clothes back on...

"Did you have fun?" I asked.

"Sure." She smiled. She seemed genuinely contented.

As I said, these last remarks are unclear in my memory. I couldn't believe that I had just done what I had just done. I remember I gave her a hug, and she was quite receptive. And then she was out the door and gone.

I was alone. I went into the kitchen and wiped up the large puddle on the floor and tossed the towel into the tub. I lay down in my bed and waited for my friends to call, as we were going out later that night.

Throughout the next few days, I wrestled with the moral implications of what I had done. I couldn't eat, and I couldn't concentrate. I worried that I had done something really awful. I replayed the experience over and over in my head.

And after these two days were up, I was fine. I had thought it through and I came up clean. As it turned out, I had no moral qualms with paying someone to do something with me that no one else would do. I had fun, and indeed I hadn't overstepped any aspect of the morals and ethics which I have set up for myself. And with that, I remain contented to this day with my decision to finally live out my longest-standing sexual fantasy. As long as everything is consentual, everyone is of age, and no one gets hurt, go for it. I did, and it was great.
