Measure for Measure for Pleasure  (Part 4-b)

By: Undine (2002'03)

Shortly after this Katie received a call from her collage to say, as the new term intake was so large she would no loner be able to live in house, There for she should make her own arrangements as regards accommodation. 

Katiie’s father was not happy about the idea of rooms and decided to invest in a small flat, Which he would be happier about, allowing Katie to sub let a room. This required Katie and he father going away to sort out the situation. 

This would leave Aunty Rom and Joan, together. Under normal circumstances Joan would have retuned home, but with Katie only away for a few days, plus the relationship with Alan was now entering a dramatic stage, Joan was for staying.

Despite the fact Joan’s bladder problems where almost over, Aunty Rom was adamant Joan continue to ware her incontinence pants, and that she would assist Joan when she needed the bathroom. This embarrassed Joan horribly. However, with the memory of the wet bed fresh in her aunts mind it would have to be endued. 

The first day passed without incident, apart from her Aunts comments while undoing and re fastening her  panties, such as “ like having a little girl again” and “Make sure you wipe afterwards”. These tended to set Joan’s teeth on edge as did the her aunts practice, of standing watching her while she performed her ablutions. 

When Joan needed to poo, she reacted with strong protest. Her Aunt sensing ingratitude was quick to point out, “ I am not your body servant, this gives me no pleasure at all, but if it prevents you  wetting your self and the bed, I will do it as I see fit”. 

This exchange did little to improve the relationship. It left Joan feeling humiliated and rebellious, her Aunt determined to teach Joan a lesson she would not for get in a hurry. 

The following morning, Joan awoke to find that she was dry, her bladder was definitely on the mend. Thinking back on the previous night, she gave some thought to becoming an axe murderer, remembering her humiliation at her Aunts’ treatment. 

The last thing she wanted was a repeat performance she thought, when the sound of her Aunts voice called from the bathroom, “ Joan come and get your bathroom visit done, I have to go out soon”. This call was repeated a number of times but Joan who was putting off the evil moment, feigned sleep. 

Apart from which the previous evening Her Aunt in zealous frenzy had added more pads than normal in the crutch of Jane’s incontinence  panties ( just in case ), these had bunched up during through night making a hard pad, which rubbed along Jane’s vagina, this together with her dreams of Alan’s love making, had caused her to orgasm a number of times .

Jane who could feel the slick wetness did not want Aunty Rom asking embarrassing questions. Finally “look here wake up I do have to go and I don’t want to be late, don’t have me coming back to find to you with wet  panties” Joan still delayed. However prudence dictated she take her Aunts’ advice. So getting out of bed and pulling on a robe she scampered to the bath room. Finding it empty, she went down stairs. All was very quite, looking at the clock she saw it was 10am, she really had kept her Aunt waiting, then she saw the note propped up on the breakfast table. 

My dear I have waited for you foe and hour or more sorry but I must go, should be back around one o’clock, now you have the chance to proof you can control your self, don’t let me come and find you wet. Aunty Rom.

Oh shit thought Joan as she found some toast and cool coffee, what am I going to do she could do with a pee but could wait a while but one o’clock no way, she was just thinking about the alterative when the phone rang.

It was Alan, who wanted to meet her at the pub at lunch time for a drink, Oh no was Joan’s first reaction, then a cunning plan sprang to mind. “Lets make it 11 am, it will be quieter then, and I do so want to see you”. For more reasons than one thought Joan as she washed and applied her make up. As she walked through the wood to the village, thinking over what she planed, she found her self getting wet for another reason. 

While Joan hated her Aunt dominating her, she had different feelings about Alan doing much the same thing. 

She really needed to wee now, and the last thing she needed was to wet herself. So with the teasing lump rubbing alongside her clit she pushed the thought of peeing to the back of her mind, till she reached the village pub. 

As she entered, she saw Alan already seated waiting for her, They greeted one another effusively, and Alan went to the bar returning with a pint of larger, for Joan he had been wondering how he was to regain the intimacy of the previous night, 

He liked Joan a great deal, and intended to be cool, but as soon as they started to talk his cock was doing impressions of a Grenadier Guardsman. 

But Joan solved his problem for him, “ I am afraid I am in the same situation I was in last night, when you came to my aide” Joan began. Alan could not belief his luck, you mean you almost  wetting yourself and you’re stuck in those  panties you can’t undo. 

Joan nodded. 

Explaining about Aunty Rom, and I must not pee myself. I know it’s awful but I need your help quickly. Alan’s prick was in danger of turning the table over,” yes anything but I can hardly come with you to the ladies’ toilet

I know where the only ones here but the landlady could hardly fail to see us going in to the ladies together .

Joan sat her body bent forward, both hands pressed urgently between her legs, “Look I am nearly doing it now, all I need you to do is, un do me and I can take care of the rest. Apart from which my Aunt is not due home till one o’clock, even if I could make it there, which I cant”.

“What can I do,” Alan was willing to do any thing that got im to the point where he had finished last night. Joan nodded at the rear court yard of the pub piled high with beer creates .

Without further explanation, Joan stood and tip towed, outside and finding a spot that was concealed from view, tuned her back to Alan, (who had followed her) She pulled up her dress with one hand the other still employed, in delaying a rush off pee. Her body bent ready to squat, presented Alan with a view of perfect legs pressed tight together. “Please hurry I can’t wait”, gasped Joan, feeling his hands fumbling with the studs of the hated garment 

She felt a perverse thrill as this gorgeous boy slid her  panties to the floor holding each leg as she stepped out of them. “Oh thanks” she started then, “oh oh, don’t do that “,as his hand found her almost weeing pussy, and a crafty finger found her clit, The next thing she was aware off was the explosion of a climax that had been building up since early morning as she squatted, holding her dress with one hand while steadying her self against a pile of beer creates with the other, and pissing a hot white stream on the floor. 

As Alan frigged relentlessly from behind ugh Oh grunted Joan crudely, her knees spread widely and her whole frame bent backwards. Then as the spasms faded she fell back in Alan’s arms, feeling as he raised her to her feet, his erection through his clothes. 

She picked up her incontinence  panties and tuned and held them out to him, as she gently rubbed his throbbing member. “We can take care of that when we walk home and you put these back on when we are in the woods. Mean while I am going to be normal for the next few hours”, and pulling a pair of  panties from her bra she slipped them daintily over her legs, pulling them up and patting the crouch to absorb any excess wet. They returned to the bar, where for the next two hours they, enjoyed quite a few drinks and sarnies, as they flirted and touched each other. It’s to be noted that during this time Joan went frequently to the ladies, rejoicing in being able to remove her own  panties and enjoying the freedom to do as others, what she wanted. It has to be said that she wanted at lest twice, and relived her self with vigour followed by much washing of hands. Alan whose excitement was now at fever pitch, had been sporting an erection for so long he was experiencing Balls ach., 

The intimate exchanges and futile touching had almost developed in to heavy petting, his pants where damp with pre cum .He knew from his caressing of Joan’s upper legs that she was soaking wet and wondered why how she was able to resist hie entireties to leave the pub and progress to the wood’s. Then he realised that each time Jan retuned from her visits to the ladies, she had regained her sang-froid, His lust filled mind told him she had been reliving her self in more ways than one. As she retuned yet again, and sitting down kissed his face and dropped her hand into his lap, he whispered in her ear “ dirty little wanker “, Joan tuned scarlet a clear indication of her guilt.” Well” she pouted pertly,” it’s time I had some freedom for relive.

Pushing her hand against his raging erection, he hissed “ you and me both, no more pee wees till we are in the woods, little miss P T “.

For those of you who drink Beer, Larger, ECT, you will know that the first need to pee can be a long time, however like a syphon, once started it gets more frequent. 

So it was with Joan, who on hearing Alan’s warning, decided that she wanted to enjoy her freedom and having finished her drink elected to have another. She also continued to tease Alan, till the poor man was griped in hot lust. Then the landlady called time, it was time to go as they got up to leave. Joan made to go to the ladies one last time, but Alan seizing her elbow, steered her protesting out on to the high street.

The game was on, they walked Joan protesting her need to wee, Alan steeled his resolve with “ no more firging” and threatening not to return her incontinence  panties if she did not fulfil her promise. On that score he need not have bothered, As Joan fully intended making full use of the erection she had been fostering all lunch time.

But designed keeping her man rampant, having done her little girl act al along the village street, When they came to the stile that gave way to the path to the wood. In the process of climbing over it, presented Alan a long flash of her  panties, so he could see a large-wet patch on back.

They made a fast walk to the woods and quickly found an isolated spot, where Joan sat on a log and squatted as if to pee with her  panties round her ankles and her skirt held up, Alan took a step towards her, “ would n’t you like to see what girls do when they wank, watch me and she demonstrated with one finger. The sight of Young Joan her face ablaze with need her pussy laid bare between her pump tender thighs was all too much for Alan, He was unzipped and had Joan standing with her bare bum pressed against the rough bark of the log her legs apart and his cock nudging its way inside her, Joan doing ever thing she could to, assist him heeerrrrmmmmmmm goo to ffffff their cries mingled as with an intensity she had never known before, Joan started to climax repeatedly as they tore at one another, totally unaware that she was pissing. This hot spray on his balls sent Alan over the top his whole frame jerking as he fountaind up her with spurt after spurt. For a long time they remained looked together.

When eventually Alan’s cock slipped from her, she sized it and as he started to pee guided the stream on to her clit, exciting her self ready for another coupling.

Some couplings later as they cleaned up by small stream both replete and happy.

Making plans for the further meetings Joan realized the afternoon was well spent and Aunty Rom would no doubt be wondering what had happened to her 

When the time came to leave, Alan did the honours as he replaced Joan’s inconstancy  panties, as he did so he could not resist playing with Joan’s , legs and pussy sending shivers of delight through Joan’s system, which resulted in Joan making him take them off again and making him give her a last hand relief, after which she treated him to a demonstration of girly peeing, till finally they set off home Joan clutching in her hot little hand her wet  panties she had worn during the afternoon, ( well she could hardly have put them down her bra )and thinking up a cover story to answer Aunty Roms anticipated questions.
