In Italy

Author: Wolfgang (date unknown) T#453

Many authors and people telling about their habits confirm that their hobby of holding-it dates way back into early childhood (Sally!), and until now I seem to be the only one to have discovered it in my mid-thirties... And opposite to many story-tellers I'm not at all fond of gs. And panties wetting is more a kind of non-planned giving-in after (too) long sessions of holding-it, than done for sheer pleasure. Take the following for a good and characteristic example:

Being on holidays in central Italy all alone (as my friends had to be at home two days earlier than me) I decided to celebrate a "holding-day" wandering and driving about the region. When by early evening (having not voided since 6 a.m.) I became rather desperate, I parked the car near a war memorial and decided to walk to a nearby lookout over the plains by the seashore. I wore old jeans and definitely not at all "leak-proof" thin nylon sports shorts as underwear. 

As I was not alone on the path there was little chance to cope with the upcoming urge and desire by touching my cock to calm down the bladder. I just could press my thighs together and wait... By 8.30 I was still 1 1/2 hours away from my car and decided at last to go back. Though I was mostly alone on this way back I decided not to touch my belly bottom - come what will - even if the urge to pee should overwhelm me. And so it came. Kind of stumbling along in the beginning darkness every now and then I thought I would leak a bit, but could cope with the dozens of attacks from down below. Each wave and contraction of the bladder seemed to be final and I expected the barrier to break down every second, but just the contrary happened: for half an hour the urge nearly ceased, which did no more assure me of the actual filling of my bladder. 

As I didn't believe in the calming down, I just sat down in the grass and waited... The bladder was no more aching but I felt it like an undefinite "sickness" in my bowels. The turn back to being conscious of an overfull bladder revived on getting up: standing upright the first step forward produced a pain hardly ever felt. I clamped my penis but did not manage to suppress the first spurts of piss soaking my thin underpants. As I fumbled my cock out (tight shorts and no fly...) I was already fairly drenched and just let go into the dark nature.

