Rain

Author: Terri, July 1994

A knock at the door.

You jump up, leaving me to believe you are going to answer the door...but instead you run for the shower, giggling like a school girl at your trick (you men can be SO tricky)...so I get up, pull on a shirt and peek through the viewer to find Kit standing on the doorstep. I quickly open the door to let her in, she is wet from the deluge of rain falling outside...it is warm, the drops like a morning shower against her face...she beckons me to join her and I follow her into the back yard, the plush grass thirstily drinking in nature's downpour.

"Kit, what's going on?" I ask, puzzled by her sudden appearance. I could barely see her, the rain was so dense, but her yellow rain slicker was bright enough for me to make her out.

"I just had to get away for awhile" she answered. "The house is empty and quiet and I wanted to be with friends, so here I am." She looked at me and I knew then what she wanted.

I smiled through the drops and she came to me..I folded her into my arms and hugged her tight, my face nuzzling her neck, her wet hair brushing my cheek...my nipples began to harden against her, the thin, wet shirt melted to me like skin...I pulled her face towards me and kissed her cheek, her forehead, her eyes, and her lips. Our mouths embraced, hungrily our tongues entwined and our heat built...

You watched from the bathroom window, wiping away the fog from your shower steam...your cock coming back to life, hardening, your balls responding with a pleasurable ache...you reach down to stroke yourself, still a bit wet and soapy from the shower, your hand gliding up and down your hard cock, the sight of your two friends so intimate, kissing gently, bodies plastered together as the rain falls over them...you want to join them, but watch a moment more as...

Our kissing becomes caressing, Kit's hands now stroking my breasts over my shirt...unbuttoning it enough to reach in and touch the flesh...I draw down the zipper of her rain slicker and reach in....and too touch flesh...she is naked underneath!...our lips part, and we giggle delightedly...I unzip the slicker and it falls to the ground, followed by Kit. I finish unbuttoning my shirt, leaving it on but completely open, and I join Kit on the rain slicker.

You are quite aroused by this time...your cock bobbing up and down, a drop of precum forming at the head, which you dab with your finger and bring to your lips...the sight of Kit and me, lying over one another, once again our lips meeting, you can barely make out what we are doing, and your imagination is filling in for you that which you cannot see...our tongues dancing, our hips grinding, fingers entwined as I hold Kit's arms above her head, causing her glorious breasts to stand erect, the nipples begging for my touch...

I bring my head down to Kit's breasts and take one into my mouth...the rain still beating down as a shower massage on her other nipple...she spreads her legs and the rain pelts down on her elongated clit, making her squirm with pleasure....I bring myself back up to Kit's face, my heavy breasts swaying in front of her, and she curls her tongue around my nipple, licking its hardness, drawing it into her mouth and savoring the feel of it against her tongue...I straddle her hips, my naked pussy against her own, pushing into her, rubbing her, our juices mingling, the pleasure of her lips on my nipple causing a deep throbbing.

A moment passes before she notices the warmth and her eyes fly open as she realizes what is happening. A slow stream of piss is trickling over her, hot against her clit and still warm as it dribbles down past her asshole where it pools under her ass cheeks. Her eyes glaze over with lust and she raises her hips to grind herself into me harder. A gutteral moan escapes her lips as the stream becomes a river and I gush the final vestiges of piss from my bladder down into her aching mound. The rain quickly washes away the golden nectar, but not the evidence of our arousal. Still slick with the juices of desire I rub my cunt furiously against Kit's, our breasts dancing, nipples kissing...

And then I feel your warmth against my ass, a pair of strong hands pulling my ass cheeks apart and a hard cock probing my pussy...you have joined us. I start to descend, moving down Kit's body, kissing, licking her flesh as I make my way down...you, in turn, bring yourself to her chest, straddling her and resting your cock between her breasts...the rain has made us slick, and your cock glides easily between them. You slide into her valley of cleavage and Kit takes you into her mouth, rolling her tongue around your crown and sucking out whatever precum the rain has not washed away.

Kit's tongue ravishes you and you find yourself on the edge so you slow down to postpone your orgasm, leaning over to kiss Kit, your tongue licking her bottom lip...I position myself between her legs, and just as you thrust your tongue into her mouth, I clamp my mouth on her clit, running my tongue up and down her wet slit...her clit is swollen from being pelted by the rain and I am able to suck greedily, drawing it out further and further. The essence of my own tangy piss envelopes my tongue and I begin pounding it into her with great fervor. She sucks your tongue as though still giving you head and you again fuck her tits, slowly this time, waiting for the sign that she is climaxing.

Her cunt is on fire, the juices mating with the rain, my tongue is buried deep inside her and my nose is stroking her clit...I move my mouth up to her clit, flick it with my tongue and penetrate her pussy with two fingers, driving them up into her g-spot...fucking and sucking Kit, she starts to buck wildly, almost throwing you off...and as you press her tits tighter around your cock, thumbing her nipples, she screams...a loud, resounding scream announcing her orgasm...

You shoot off, deep, white pools of cum forming on her face and neck, the rain washing it to feed the ground...more and more you expel, pulling the cum from your tight balls...gripping her tits, your ass cheeks tightening.

Kit vibrates, her climax settling now, my face awash with female cum and rain, her juices delicious on my tongue and lips. A sigh escapes her, and I feel the tension washing away from her body, followed by a gush of warmth. Kit is bathing me with her piss and I reward her by lapping up as much as I can. I hear her shriek, "yes, YES" and I look up to see your glorious arc of piss cascading down onto her breasts. Over and around, your golden fluid traces the outline of each nipple before making a trail up her neck and to her mouth. Kit swallows with a loud gulp and then lets her mouth fill to overflowing, piss spilling down her cheeks and disappearing into the yellow of the rain slicker.

You lean back, and I rise up to meet you, kissing you gently, my arms encircling you...you taste Kit on my lips and suck greedily to get the last drops before the rain steals them from you. You move, allowing Kit to breathe again, and sit beside her...I scoot around, taking your hand in one of mine, Kit's in the other and we chat, the warm rain still embracing us and drawing us together.

