Band Pants
	(m/f ws)
Author: Accidental Tourist (1995'04)

(This story involves watersports of the accidental variety and heavy petting between teenaged male and female. It also includes a really stupid joke about Bill and Hilary Clinton. If this stuff bothers you, or if you are underage, read something else.)

The yellow school bus pulled away from Springfield High School, and out onto State Highway 23. Julie sat against the window in a seat a few rows forward from the rear of the bus. Her legs, in their woolen purple band trousers, were tightly crossed; she had to pee again, even though she had gone before boarding the bus. Her boyfriend, Kevin, had his left hand on her leg and was rubbing it, insinuating his fingers between her clenched knees; he was oblivious to her pressing need to go to the bathroom.

It was a typical Friday night for the kids in the Harpersburg High School band. Springfield had beaten Harpersburg at football, as everyone had expected. Although the Harpersburg team sucked, there was nothing else to do around town, and being in the band got you into the games for free.

Earlier that evening, they had boarded the bus for the hour-long ride to Springfield. Kevin had brought the paper bag with the grapefruits, each one with two jiggers of vodka injected into it with a hypodermic syringe. After the pregame show, Scott had slipped away to meet Fred, his buddy, who'd smuggled a 12-pack of beer through the main gate. During the first half, Julie had spent most of her time talking with her friend Cindy; she didn't start drinking until midway through the third quarter. But before the end of the game, she drank two beers and ate three grapefruit, and she realized as she stood up from her bleacher seat that she was plastered.

She dragged her way away from Kevin and stood in a short line in for the girls' restroom. She nearly had an accident when she sat down on the toilet seat and realized she had neglected to pull down her panties; it was a close call.

Kevin was waiting for her outside the restroom. He hurriedly took her under the grandstand, where Scottie was waiting with a joint. They only had time for a few tokes each before they had to head for the bus; They shared a cigarette and pounded another beer to disguise the smell of pot on their breaths.

Now Julie was slumped against the school bus window, her need to piss growing stronger by the minute. Kevin's attempts to feel the inside of her thighs weren't helping. She kind of liked what he was doing, but she didn't dare uncross her legs, and she felt uncomfortable telling him she needed to piss.

Her head was spinning from the alcohol and dope. Some kids in the back of the bus began to sing dirty songs. Julie and Kevin joined in, laughing. Julie was glad for anything that would take her mind off her bladder during the long bus trip.

Suddenly Scott said, "Hey, I heard a good one the other day:

On Halloween night Bill Clinton was waiting patiently for Hilary who was upstairs changing. He heard her descending the great spiral staircase in the White House and turned to find her completely nude except for the lemon she was holding between her thighs. Bill took one look at her and said, "Hilary, for goodness sake, put something on -- you can't go trick-or-treating like that." Hilary refused and despite Bill's pleading, she would not change her mind. So a bit upset, Bill went back up those stairs and was gone for a few minutes. He stripped down and then found a potato which he peeled and cored so that it fit snugly around his penis. 

In response to Hilary's quizzical look he said,

"Well, if you get to be a sour-puss for Halloween, then I'm going as a dick-tater!"

Loud groans were heard from all around them, and Kevin swatted at Scott's head with a football program. But for some reason Julie found this stupid joke very funny. Images flashed through her head of herself being naked, holding a lemon in her crotch and how it would feel: warm, moist, with a slightly bitter, pungent odor. She laughed and laughed, holding her sides.

It was a few seconds before Julie realized that her crotch *did* feel warm and moist. In fact it felt wet, very wet. A growing puddle spread underneath her bottom as she realized with a start that she was wetting her pants. With a screech, Julie grabbed the back of the seat in front of her and stood up. As she did, the wetness poured down her legs. Her bladder was emptying of its own accord and there was nothing she could do to stop it. She couldn't even seem to identify which muscles she would need to clench to stop the flow of piss into her pants. She felt the piss begin to soak her socks and pool in her spat-covered shoes, and still she continued pissing her pants. Her pants legs were acting like down spouts; she could hear a faint splattering sound, over the growl of the engine, as the pee ran off the cuffs of her trousers and hit the floor of the bus. Julie's knees trembled a bit as her flow slowly diminished.

Now the reality of the situation began to penetrate her hazy consciousness: she had peed her pants in public, in front of all her friends. She was mortified, and realized that if everyone didn't know already, they soon would: as soon as they smelled the urine, as soon as their feet noticed the lake of piss that covered the floor. Kevin looked up at her with a surprised look, but she couldn't make herself meet his eyes. He asked her what was up; she just muttered that nothing was wrong.

To her amazement, he turned back to resume his conversation with Scott. He hadn't noticed. She sat back down and examined her lap. The back of the bus was so dark that she couldn't distinguish between the parts of the purple trouser material which were dry and those which were undoubtedly piss-stained. She ran a finger along the inside of her thigh; it felt a bit moist but not sopping. At that moment, Kevin turned back to her. Looking down he saw her hand between her leg, and with a shy smile reached his own hand there. Julie froze. Her panties were soaked -- they felt like a sponge. The inside of her thighs, inside her band pants, were warm and moist, beginning to sting a little from the slight acidity of her urine. But Kevin still didn't seem to notice. With the palm of his hand flat against her mid-thigh, he leaned forward and kissed her lips.

A shiver ran through her: fear, coupled with sexual excitement. She returned his kiss, and felt his tongue lightly caress her teeth. The piss-soaked folds of her panties were massaging her swelling clitoris. She found herself getting more and more excited, as she sat in her piss- drenched pants. She moaned softly to herself and leaned against him. She felt the pressure of his chest against her right breast; its nipple rubbed against the inside of her bra and began to harden.

Momentarily she put one hand beside her on the seat to steady herself. The bus seat was wet next to her ass! "It's only a matter of time," she said to herself, but she was getting so turned on that she felt beyond caring. Kevin had one hand inside her bra now, and his other hand moved to her crotch. All Julie could think to do was to begin fondling Kevin's hardening penis through his band pants; maybe he'd get so turned on himself that he wouldn't notice her wet pants. Kevin's kisses began to get more urgent.

To Julie's horror, he grasped her pants zipper and pulled it open. With her free hand, she reached for her own crotch, hoping to remove his hand, and realized with dismay that her crotch was sopping wet; the band pants were water-resistant, but not waterproof. All along the length of her inner thighs, she could feel that her pants were now totally drenched. She could fool Kevin no longer.

And yet Kevin seemed oblivious to her accident. He rubbed the lips of her clitoris faster and faster; his kisses seemed to draw her into himself. She trembled and, like a train approaching from far away, she sensed her oncoming orgasm. She pulled his zipper down and slipped her fingers inside his band pants. As her orgasm overtook her, she felt his stiff penis' shaft jump and quiver, and Kevin shot a load of cum into his underwear; seconds later it began to soak through his underpants, moistening her hand. She kissed him eagerly, reflecting on the fact that he'd had a kind of "accident" of his own.

But how on earth could he have failed to notice that she had peed her pants? She held his now softening penis and balls cupped in her fingers; Kevin was gently kissing her neck, and he continued to rub her pussy through her soaked underpants. Suddenly the answer to her question came, as Kevin began to piss through his underwear into her cupped hand. She sighed, and kissed him again; faintly, off in the distance somewhere, over the droning grumble of the engine, she could hear his urine trickling as it ran off the end of the seat and onto the floor. 

