Story - Girls School - Part 1

Author: Eratosthenes on January 31, 2002 at 21:32

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

AUTHORS NOTE: This story was inspired by, and is heavily influenced by a story on the Ripple Story Index website (ripple-story-index.web1000.com) (there is no www in front of this URL). My thanks to the author of “Bedroom Torture”. This story is essentially an expansion of “Bedroom Torture”. I can only hope that it is in keeping with the original concept. This story focuses mainly on bedwetting and pants wetting, however there are brief mentions of poop, though not many.

Sixteen year old Melanie Willis walked into the dorm quietly and surveyed her surroundings. Melanie was new at Etherington and she was a little nervous on this her first day at the exclusive private school. The dorm had only six beds in it, making for a cozier, more intimate atmosphere. She had been dreading a vast dormitory with forty or fifty beds, something more like an orphanage. The small dorm made her relax and immediately feel better. Melanie was a somewhat shy girl by nature. At 5'9'' she was a statuesque, auburn haired, slender teen, very pretty and eminently desirable by most who see her, even other girls.

As she stepped into the dorm she noticed right away the one empty bed over by the window and she began to make her way toward it. The other five beds were occupied, each by an equally pretty 16 year old girl. As Melanie tentatively continued in the direction of the empty bed, one of the other girls suddenly got up and stepped toward her.

“Hi', she said with a smile, “I'm Brandy Sumner. You must be the new girl”.

“Um, yeah”, Melanie replied shyly, looking at the floor the most of the time.

“Well, what's your name?”, Brandy prompted gently.

“Melanie”, she said quietly, “Melanie Willis”.

“Well, welcome to the 4 West Dorm Melanie”, Brandy said in a kindly tone of voice.

“Thank you”, Melanie said. She managed to produce a smile for them. It was only then that Melanie noticed that the other girls were all dressed exactly alike: tight blue jeans and ordinary white T-shirts. Brandy made the introductions all around. There was Erica Belmore, Andrea Wickman, Carissa Williams and Kyrie Rothman. All were pretty, and all were surprisingly warm and friendly. Melanie arrived at her bed and plunked her bags down on it.

“Not too hard to tell which bed is yours huh?”, Brandy said with a chuckle.

“Yeah”, Melanie smiled back, “I mean no!” She smiled shyly and blushed.

“Don't worry Melanie”, Brandy said in a gentle tone of voice, “You'll be comfortable here. We all just want to be really good friends that's all”. Melanie was quite flattered by that. She smiled and said, “Thank you Brandy, that's really nice”. As it was already 8:30 in the evening the day was pretty much done, so Melanie decided she might as well change into her night clothes: white cotton panties, a white T-shirt and white cotton pajama pants which were fairly snug on her. She pulled a magazine out of one of her suitcases, stretched out on top of her bed, and began to read. Brandy went back to her own bed and just lounged in her jeans and T-shirt.

To Melanie's surprise, after what seemed like five minutes, Brandy suddenly said, “Well guys, it's 10:45. Might as well get ready for bed”. They slowly began changing into their night clothes, which were quite similar to Melanie's. Eventually everyone was in their beds and as Melanie slipped under the covers, the lights went off. Melanie found the bed to be surprisingly soft and comfortable and in no time she was soundly asleep. At around 1:30 am she awoke to discover that she needed to pee.

She climbed out of bed and shuffled toward the dormitory door. As she got to it she grabbed the door's handle and pulled and - nothing happened. The door was locked! She pulled on the door more and more urgently, but it just wouldn't budge. She was shocked and upset to discover that they were apparently locked in. She padded back to her bed and sat down. By now she was starting jiggle about a little, trying to hold on. She knew that Brandy was sleeping in the bed beside hers, just five feet to the left of her bed.

“Brandy?”, she said in a loud whisper.

“Hmmm?” Brandy mumbled, coming slowly out of sleep. “What's the matter Melanie?” she said sleepily.

“The door's locked”, Melanie replied anxiously.

“I know. So?”, Brandy said.

“Well, how are we supposed to get to the washroom at night?”

“You don't”, Brandy whispered back, “Nobody does”.

Melanie thought about this for a moment. She was now squirming on her bed in her increasing state of desperation.

“What do you mean?”, she said anxiously, “What if you need to go?”

“You just do”, Brandy said,

“What?”, Melanie said, hoping she had heard wrong.

“Go”, Brandy said again, “Just go. In your bed”.

“Really?”, Melanie said in shock.

“Yes”, Brandy replied, “Like this”.

In the total silence of the dorm Melanie could clearly here a soft hissing, burbling sound coming from Brandy's bed. It was quite obvious that she was casually wetting her bed. Melanie couldn't help herself.

“Did you just go in your bed?', she asked.

“Yep”, Brandy replied. Melanie was stunned. She was really desperate now, but she was very unsure about peeing in her bed.

“Don't worry Melanie”, Brandy said, “it'll be okay. Just do it in your bed. We all do. Even the matron does”.

Melanie was reeling at the realization that she was living in the same dorm with five other sixteen year old girls who deliberately wet their beds every night. She laid back down and pulled the covers over her. She was squirming a lot now and she new she wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. She thought about how Brandy had so calmly peed in her bed, like it was a perfectly normal thing to do. She also thought about how Brandy had said that all the girls in the school pee in bed every night and that even the matron does. It was quite obviously a normal and accepted thing in this school. With this in mind she decided she might as well do it. After all, she wasn't going to be able to hold it anyway.

She relaxed and let go. A solid stream of pee flowed from her crotch, easily soaking through her panties and pajama pants, and hissed into the bed. She could feel a warm wetness spreading out underneath her as she continued to wet her bed full force. She sighed with relief as the pressure was released fully from her aching bladder. The wetness was spreading up her back a little, and also down her legs. Finally her stream began to weaken and then stopped altogether. She lay there in her wetness. Her bed, panties, pajamas and most of her T-shirt were saturated with her pee. To her stunned surprise it had actually felt wonderfully relaxing to just pee in bed, rather than get up and go to the bathroom.

“Wasn't too bad, was it?”, Brandy suddenly said.

“Uh, no”, Melanie croaked, “It actually felt kinda good”. She was startled that Brandy knew she had peed in her bed.

“Well, now you know what to do when you need to pee at night”, Brandy said.

“Mmmm”, Melanie replied. She was suddenly sleepy and to her surprise she found herself drifting off, despite the wetness she was laying in.

***

Melanie opened her eyes and peered blearily around. It was morning and sunlight filtered through the blinds and into the room. She noticed that all the other girls were still in bed. She looked at the clock up on the wall. 7:30. Her first class wasn't until 9:00 so she had a little time to spare. She became aware of the wetness of her bed. It had receded somewhat while she slept so that now it was more a heavy dampness. Her butt was a little itchy but she decided that after the first week of sleeping in a wet bed she would get used to it and the itchiness would go away. She needed to pee.

It was her morning pee of course and that was always her biggest pee of the day. It didn't take her long to decide to just do it in bed again. After all, she was already wet. What did she have to lose? She lay there and simply let go, re-saturating her night clothes and the bed. The bed grew warm around her, making the wetness feel much better. She realized that she had already grown to like wetting her bed. This was going to be a great stay in this school. Little did she know that more surprises were in store.

The other girls began to wake up and stretch and yawn. They all remained in bed and one by one they fell still as they peed, refreshing the wetness in their beds… Then they all started to get up. Melanie climbed out of her bed and surveyed the wet area. It was huge, covering almost the entire width of the twin size bed. Her pajamas and T-shirt clung wetly to her body. She smiled then and found herself looking forward to the coming night, when she would be able to have more wet fun. She peeled her wet pajama pants and T-shirt off, then the panties. She grabbed a towel and dried herself off. It was then that she noticed the overwhelming odor of urine. The whole room smelled wonderfully of pee. She had noticed that it was now 8:42 and she realized that she no longer had enough time for a shower. She smelled of pee and she hoped it wouldn't be too noticeable. She went to her dresser and to her surprise there were a pair of jeans and a white T-shirt sitting on top.

“That's our uniform here, if you can call it that”, Brandy said from behind her.

“Huh?', Melanie replied, not caring at all about her nakedness.

“The jeans and T-shirt”, Brandy answered.

“Oh — yeah”, Melanie said. She opened the top drawer of the dresser and picked up a pair of full cut, shiny satin panties in pale blue. Because of the satiny fabric it was almost a metallic blue. She grabbed a matching bra and, plucking the jeans and T-shirt from the top of the dresser, headed for her bed. She usually sat on her bed for part of getting dressed, and she remembered just in time that her bed was soaked with pee and she couldn't sit on it. Luckily there was a chair at the foot of her bed and she used that. Soon she was dressed in her “uniform” and she grabbed up her class schedule and her notebooks and headed for the door.

“Hey wait up!”, a voice said behind her. She stopped and turned and looked at Kyrie Rothman. Kyrie was smiling. She said, “Let's walk together. I think we're in the same class this morning.” They compared schedules and sure enough, they were in the same class. Melanie was straight and always had been. She was revolted by the thought of having sex with another girl. But when she looked at Kyrie, she couldn't help feeling a tingle go through her. Kyrie was an incredibly gorgeous blonde with a very shapely butt and perfect, pert 34C breasts.

They started for the door when suddenly Kyrie said, “Hold it a sec, I just gotta pee”.

“But you just did pee in your bed”, Melanie said as she stopped and turned. To her surprise Kyrie was just standing there.

“I pee a lot in the morning”, Kyrie replied with a shrug, “I always have”.

Suddenly a shiny wet patch appeared in Kyrie's crotch. The patch rapidly became glistening streams flowing down each leg of her jeans to drip off the cuffs at the bottom and form a small pool on the floor between her feet. Melanie was shocked. Kyrie had matter-of-factly stood there and wet herself! Melanie realized she must have been gaping because Kyrie suddenly looked apologetic and said, “I'm sorry, I though Brandy told you”.

“T-Told me what?”, Melanie managed.

“That we never use the toilet here. When we have to go we just do it in our pants or in our beds”.

“Uh, no, she didn't”, Melanie replied. “She did tell me about going in bed, and I did wet my bed last night”,

“Well at least she told you that”, Kyrie said. “So yeah, from now on, if you need to go, just do it in your pants. And of course at night you just do it in bed”. Melanie wasn't at all sure about this. She didn't mind wetting her bed because nobody actually saw her doing that. But to wet her pants and then walk around school where everyone would see her wet pants was quite different. Luckily she didn't need to go right then so they both headed for their class. During the walk along the corridor Melanie spotted at least ten or twelve other girls who had obviously wet their pants.

This was so weird, she thought. They got to the classroom and went inside. There were quite a few girls in there with wet pants. One girl was still peeing in hers, quite matter-of-factly while talking with a friend. They sat through the class and endured the boredom of a history lesson. Just over an hour later the class was over and they headed for the cafeteria for their morning break. During the walk to the cafeteria, Melanie noticed a cleaning lady mopping pee puddles off the floor. Suddenly the lady paused, and wet herself! Then she promptly mopped up the puddle. Melanie just stared. Everyone peed their pants in this school, even the cleaning ladies! She was willing to bet that even the Dean wet her pants. And her bed for that matter. As they walked into the cafeteria Melanie suddenly needed to pee. She looked around at the other girls and most of them had wet their pants. In resignation she decided she might as well wet herself too. After all, she really wanted to fit in here.

“Uh Kyrie”, she said, “Uh, just a second. I have to pee”.

“Oh, okay. Well pee and then lets sit at a table”, she replied.

Melanie stopped where she was, relaxed herself, and with a soft sigh, she released her bladder. Instantly there was warm pee flowing down her legs and soaking her jeans. She marveled at how surprisingly good it felt to just let it go in her pants. She watched the pool form between her legs. Finally her stream died away and she was standing there in pee soaked jeans.

C'mon, let's sit. I wanna talk with ya for for a while”, Kyrie said, not even blinking an eye. Melanie just shrugged and followed her to a table. When they got to the table, Melanie pulled a chair out and noticed that it was wet from a previous occupant. As she was wet already she just shrugged and sat in it, making herself wetter.

“So what do you think of this school?”, Kyrie asked suddenly.

“It's quite the place”, Melanie replied, “I love your total lack of inhibitions here. I'm still amazed at how pants wetting and bed wetting are accepted as normal”.

“I'm amazed at how you took to it so quickly”, Kyrie said. “Usually with new girls they get all weirded out by it and it takes quite a while to get them to accept it and start doing it themselves”, she added.

“I can imagine”, Melanie said, “I've always been curious about what it would be like to wet my bed on purpose and to pee in my pants. I never actually had the courage to try it until I came here”.

“Well, you're gonna fit right in then!”, Kyrie said happily. Suddenly a thought occurred to Melanie and she kind of looked anxious all of a sudden.

“Kyrie”, she said, “What if I have to poop?”

“You do it in your pants of course”, Kyrie replied matter-of-factly. Melanie thought about this for a few moments. “Okay, so say I pooped my pants right now”, she said, “Then what? Do I just leave it in my pants?”

“Yep”, Kyrie answered, “After school you just go outside to the garbage dumpster and dump it in there”.

“But”, Melanie began, “how do I get it from my panties to the dumpster?”

“Just use some Kleenexes or paper towels and scoop it out of your panties with your hand and toss it in the dumpster”, Kyrie replied, “Then you wipe yourself and your panties and pull them back up”.

“Hmm”, Melanie said simply.

“Are you okay with that?”, Kyrie asked,

“Well …”, Melanie replied. Then another thought hit her,

“What about in bed at night?”, she asked.

“Again, just do it into your pajamas and then in the morning you scoop it out and dump it”, Kyrie said.

Melanie was really stunned by all this and she sat there thinking hard about it. She was still trying to come to grips with being a student at a girls boarding school in which pants wetting and pooping, and bet wetting and pooping were considered to be normal everyday things that everybody did. She was aware, of course, that she was very likely going to have to poop herself, if only to at least try it and see if she was comfortable with it. And of course she was determined to do her best to fit in and be one of the girls.

It was then that Melanie realized that she needed to poop.

End of part 1

Part 2 coming soon.

(Don't worry. I know this is the wetter's board, not the pooper's board. There's not a lot about pooping in this story. It's mostly pants wetting and bedwetting, with a few other interesting things coming in future parts. E.)

Copyright (c) 2002 by Eratosthenes, with acknowledgement to the Ripple Story Index. All rights reserved.

