Strangers

Author: Terri, November 1994

I had often heard his piss as it splashed into the bowl in harmony with mine. The men's restroom was back to back with the women's, separated only by a thin wall. It was an old building that housed our offices and sounds reverberated off the walls. I listened carefully as his strong stream dive bombed into the water then broke off - to be replaced by short, staccato bursts of piss bullets. A moment of silence (was he shaking himself off?) and then the zipper. I never managed to get finished in time to catch him as he was leaving the room - but our daily piss breaks had become so routine that I knew it was he.

Our workday started at 8 am (much too early IMHO) and by 9:20 the 2 cups of coffee I drank had worked their way through me. As it is with most women, I waited until my task was complete before finally getting up to go pee and, as usual, as soon as I stood up gravity worked against my bladder making it feel full to the point of bursting. My thighs closed as tightly as possible, I stumbled from the office hoping that the wetness I felt between my legs was from a droplet of piss and not a gush of it.

Once in the haven of the restroom I forced my hand between my legs to hold the piss in long enough for my bladder spasm to pass so I could safely wiggle out of my stockings and panties. Once the spasm had subsided I removed my hand and quickly bent to pull down my undergarments when the contraction gripped me again and a hot gush of piss spilled out - dripping down my legs into my stockings. I groaned knowing I would have to wear wet panties and stockings for the rest of the day...and knowing also how aroused I would be because of it.

Finally seated, I proceeded to release my bladder a bit at a time...first a trickle (ah, that feels so nice), then a hard blast (wow, that one hit my clit), and a brief rest. In the quiet of the room I heard the now familiar sounds of my anonymous piss partner. The door closed, the toilet seat lifted (he was a gentleman after all), his zipper pulled swiftly down, and finally a melody as his hard stream splashed into the water in the bowl. I moaned involuntarily as I pushed out an admirable flood of piss and when the moan echoed back to me I realized with embarrassment just how loud it sounded.

Apparently so did my mystery man in the room next door because a few seconds later I heard him exclaim, "Oh YES!" I sat there, face flushed with embarrassment, as I heard him zip up, flush, put the seat back down,and wash his hands. As the door closed behind him I stood up and pulled my panties and stockings up (forgetting to wipe!) and as I adjusted my skirt I heard him whisper, "Later" and then his footsteps faded down the hallway.

I peeked out, trying to get a glimpse of this shadow - to no avail. He had once again escaped so I went back to my office and tried to concentrate on work. After reading the same boring page for 10 minutes without grasping a single idea, I decided to give up working and play a bit. I launched my news reader and went straight to my favorite group, alt.sex.fetish.watersports.

There I found another fantastic story by Tinker, a few jpgs, and a true experience from an anonymous source. By the time I read everything, downloaded the jpgs (one was a beautiful woman in a leather mini, legs spread slightly, hands on hips and a golden flow of piss watering a single daisy nestled between her booted feet while a man in the background - caught unexpectedly by the camera - watches...a look of surprise and admiration on his pleasant face), I was flushed with arousal and the need to pee again. So down the hall I trekked only to find the women's room occupied.

"What to do now," I wondered, as the pressure on my bladder became more intense. I waited another moment (what WAS she doing in there?) legs crossed, breathing faster and faster, until finally I realized that it was either go now, or wet the floor. So I looked both ways down the hall and when I realized there were no witnesses I stepped quickly into the men's bathroom, locked the door behind me and barely got my panties down before the pissing commenced. Sweet relief! I was too nervous to stay aroused so I quickly emptied my bladder and reached for the roll of tissue when I heard her.

Ever so softly, her voice a gentle breeze caressing my ears as she moaned with pleasure. I listened carefully and soon noticed a slight tremor in the wall behind me. She had to be rocking the toilet and I imagined her - legs spread wide, fingers glistening with cunt nectar as her thumb stroked her clit over and over again. I was lost in this imagery, so much so that I didn't hear the lock being jiggled on the men's room door until it was too late. "Just a minute," I called out, using my deepest voice, and I hurriedly righted my clothing, flushed, washed my hands and opened the door. The intruder's back was turned so I hurried out of the room and, without looking back, ran down the hall to my office.

The workday ends at 5:00 (much too late IMHO), but when my boss handed me a huge report to revise at 4:30 I knew my day was going to last much longer. I resigned myself to spending a few hours with my computer and the coffee pot and set to work. A couple hours later the urge hit again and I trudged down the hall to my favorite room. It was quiet there, I was alone in the building (so I thought) and the extra caffeine I had drunk was making me tense. I decided to remedy that so I removed my shoes, stripped off my stockings, raised my skirt and straddled the bowl so that I was facing the wall. I felt my nipples stiffen as I thought about what I was about to do so I stroked them tenderly through the silk of my blouse.

When they were quite erect I unhooked my bra and allowed my breasts to fall free against the silky material and when I ran my fingers across them, electric shocks went straight through my nipples to my cunt. The pleasure was so intense that I started pissing immediately, hot rivulets of wet piss filling my panties and spilling out into the bowl. The harder I pissed the more aroused I became so I brought my hand down and cupped my cunt, catching a pool of golden liquid in my palm.

I rubbed this moisture against my clit, circling it slowly, relishing the feel of it as it swelled and hardened until I felt the stirrings of an orgasm building. Moaning with abandon now, I rubbed harder - furiously as a matter of fact - until the orgasm overwhelmed me and I expelled a final gush of piss into my drenched panties. Falling forward I held myself up with one arm against the wall and as my breathing slowed and my heart quit beating into my ears I heard him. He was there, in the room next to me.

I pressed my ear against the wall - yes, it was he! I heard the familiar sounds of him and as I wondered just how much he had heard coming from my side of the wall he moaned loudly. I listened, barely breathing, as he grunted and moaned, louder and louder still until I became aroused again. Bold in my sexual frenzy I ignored his moaning and left my room for the room next door. I turned the knob slowly, praying it was not locked, and when the door opened I saw him standing there, his head thrown back and eyes closed as he rubbed his turgid cock through a pair of wet undershorts.

As I pulled the door closed behind me he jump, startled, and as his face turned bright red I moved soundlessly over to him, covering his hand with my own. I pulled him to me and as our lips met I began to finish what I had started. I thrust his hand between my legs and when he felt the wet panties there his breath caught in his throat and his cock twitched violently so I pulled his tongue into my mouth and sucked it as I started to piss. He felt the warmth flowing over his hand and in my hand his cock jumped against his shorts and filled them with creamy cum. As his orgasm subsided we broke our kiss and he stared at me as if I were a ghost. With a smile he mouthed, "Thank you" and I lowered my eyes, suddenly shy. As I turned to leave he touched my shoulder and I heard him whisper, "Tomorrow, 9:20."

