Desperate for the Pirate (ch. 3)

By Melody Alexi

Chapter 3

She nearly pissed her skirts right then. Caught. She was caught. And no one could save her.

Rhett did not react as though her escape were an emergency. His tone said he'd known she was loose all along. "Are you just spying on me? Or hoping to escape?"

Dastardly creature. She wished she had a weapon she could hurl at his smug face.

"Both are a punishable offense," he said.

Even while addressing her, he hadn't stopped tugging at himself. Finally, he stopped stroking himself, crammed his still-erect penis into his trousers, and stood. He started stalking towards her.

"Stay back!" she demanded, stepping backward. "I'm telling you. I'm armed!"

He laughed. "With a parasol?"

"You're funny," Lily hissed. "I'm warning you. Stay away from me!"

"You poor, pretty princess. Have you got to potty again?"

She realized that, unconsciously, her hand had slid down to press insistently against her crotch again. What was wrong with her? No wonder he disdained her like she was nothing more than a helpless little girl.

She forced her hand to let go and realized that the worst was true—she really did need to go, and her terror of being caught by the smug pirate had pushed her to the brink.

"How rotten of a pirate do you think I am, sweet little Lily?" He laughed. He hadn't said her name before. She didn't think he'd known it. She despised that it sounded darkly sweet on his tongue. "Did you think I didn't feel you tugging on my belt today, like a randy lovelorn lass? And did you think I wouldn't notice that the key I keep always at my side was missing for a whole, oh I don't know, six solid hours?"

"If you're finished mocking me," she snarled, but something like tears caught in her throat. She'd been so close. The lifeboats were dangling so, so closely in view. If she could just distract him or— something. Anything.

"Well," he said, as though it gave him great pain. "I have got to punish you for your despicable behavior. You've been quite appalling in the face of our hospitality."

"Hospitality!" she scoffed. "You are the despicable one. And you will keep your hands off me."

"You know it's wild to me that you still — genuinely — think that you get to make any demands."

He stalked up to her like she was a petty child about to be punished.

"No, stay away from me!" she barked, but the tone held far less authority than before, and she felt like she was going to start peeing helplessly at any moment.

He gripped her wrist and tugged her forward, in that detestably strong grip of his. "Please!" she resorted to pleading. "Let me alone. I’ll just go back to my cell. Just unhand me!"

But he wasn't listening. He sat on the barrel. And he tugged her across his lap, like a schoolgirl about to take a spanking.

"No!" she shrieked, in absolute horror.

She was a grown woman. And she'd never had a spanking in all her years of living. Daddy would never allow it, not in school or from any of her tutors.

"It's high time someone tanned that pretty little bottom of yours, Lily darling."

And he gripped and lifted her purple skirts to her waist. Then he tugged her stockings down, exposing her.

Earlier she'd had her bottom exposed to the whole assembly on the docks, and it hadn't felt so humiliating as this, her pale bottom bared to his hungry eyes, so close to his face.

She screamed and she kicked.

He only laughed, as if her struggling gave him great pleasure and raised his hand high.

He lowered it in a sound, hard, smack that ricocheted the length of the deck

She squealed like a stuck pig. "Nooo!! No!! You can't do this to me!"

He pounded again once, twice, thrice, savoring the bounce of her delicate bottom as he did so.

"Nooooo! Stop! I demand that you stop!"

He kept going, hard and rapid now, watching her white cheeks turn a livid shade of red, and enjoying that she writhed and kicked and squealed as he did so.

"I am the daughter of a very important person," she began sobbing as she kicked. She kicked several times so hard that he was able to catch glimpses of her pussy, trimmed as was the fashion of important ladies now.

He laughed, "Out here in this world you are nobody. Nobody but who you make yourself."

She screamed and tried, desperately, to pull away, but he pushed down harder and continued her spanking with a loud, harsh series of smacks.

And then, to her utter humiliation, the worst happened.

She began losing her precarious grip on her pee.

A small squirt came out and she felt a hot surge in her skirt.

"Stop it!" She screamed, with renewed purpose. "Let me go! I'm going to wet on you!"

He only laughed a dark, low, rumble of a laugh that scared the absolute life out of her — and another hot surge of pee.

She didn't think her face could get any hotter, but it was searing now.

"I am warning you! I am telling you! Let me go! or I'm going to piss all over your lap!" Her voice was a desperate screech.

"Do it," he said, darkly. "Wet your skirts like the schoolgirl that you are."

She sobbed — and it happened.

Another small hot stream surged out of her, small but insistent.

Finally, she resorted to begging. "Please?" She sniffled delicately, between two hard smacks. "Please?" She whimpered. "I'm begging you."

"Beg, princess," he said. "I'm finished being crossed by you."

And he rained smacks harder.

She released a small sob of absolute agony, and it happened. She began wetting her skirts like a small child, the hot pee streaming first down the front of her skirts, wetting his lap also, and then down her legs. The absolute mortification filled her like a hot wave as it streamed all through her skirts and dripped to the wooden floor of the deck.

“Oh my God, nooo”

Rhett however, was quite satisfied, damp lap and all.

Kneeling there with her dainty shoes on the soaked ground, helplessly pissing herself as she took her first spanking, Lily was finally subdued.

At long last, she stopped fighting and started crying.

He let her go then, and she staggered away from him, tears streaming down her face. She worked quickly to lower her skirts, doubled over to hide her embarrassment.

"No," he said, with a shake of his head. "Stand up. Let me look at you."

Lily tried, hard, to stand tall, to give him a fierce glare despite her crippling humiliation. Rhett let his eyes shamelessly rove over the damp front of her dress and her stockings.

"Let's get you cleaned up," he said, simply as anything, standing to lead her away.

She thought she could still make out the outline of arousal in his trousers.

He surprised her by not leading her to the cell, but to the captain's chambers.

She couldn't help but feel astonished. "You're the captain?" She kept assuming the captain was some older important-looking man, distinguished-looking, carrying himself like her father.

He laughed and led the way into the regal room. "Don't sound so surprised. It's like I said. You are what you make of yourself, out here on the sea. Hold still." He lifted her dress up and over her head, removing it like he'd been removing lady's dresses his whole life. She tried hard not to think about that, and not to feel charmed that he at least had the decency to leave her standing in her under-dress.

He produced a clean linen, lifted her underskirt— and began drying her pussy. She stood stock-still, in the most abject shame she'd ever felt, being cleaned by him like a toddler who'd thrown a tantrum.

After her legs and pussy were all dried he went to his closet and dug around until he came across a white nightgown.

"Now you have two choices, my lady," he said, coming and standing next to her. "You can put this nightgown on or you can thank me for my tender services rendered to you."

"Tender services rendered!" She repeated. "You mean I ought to thank you for humiliating me and treating me like — like — a common child?"

"You say that, but I saw you spying on me." He said, with a haughty laugh. Then, in his alluring tone. "I know you thought about it."

She opened her mouth to protest, but he was standing almost close enough to touch. And the smell of him was... intoxicating.

So she changed tactics. "If I give you what you want... will you deliver me safely back home?"

"What I want? If you have no interest in passing the time with me just tell me so. I’m a gentleman."

He lifted the nightgown for her to take.

"You're a pirate," she said, glaring fire at him.

"One can be a gentleman pirate."

She bit her lip and stared into his intense eyes.

Her heart was a wreck in her chest, and there was no denying a pulsating sensation between her legs. Visions were flurrying in her mind, of him lifting her onto his desk and laying claim to her.

But he wasn't moving to take her.

He wanted to subdue her yet more.

He was going to make her ask.

"I won't do it, you know," she hissed.

"Wear the nightgown?"

"Plead for you to ravish me."

He scoffed at that. "That's unfortunate. You're so good at pleading."

She wanted to slap him.

And she wanted to feel his grip around her waist again.

He stepped backward and sat in a chair across from her.

Fine.

If he was going to torture her she could torture him back.

She began undressing in a fury, rapidly undoing the delicate buttons of her under-dress, tugging her lacy sleeves from her arms, and inching the fabric to her waist, revealing her breasts and her hardened little pink nipples.

His dark eyes took them in hungrily as they bounced while she shimmied her skirt to her ankles and stood up straight for him to see — naked and defiant.

Her bratty determination to go to any extreme to spite him was nearly as alluring as her body. She stood tall, fists clenched, the effect ruined only by the fact that her delicate frame was ever-so-slightly trembling.

He laughed.

Her face and neck were pink with blushing now, but she wasn’t hurrying to get dressed. She wouldn't be caught dead showing any more embarrassment that she could help.

"You aren't going to say please are you?" he asked.

"Never."

"I wouldn't be so quick to say never, darling."

She was staring at his straining erection, still concealed in his pants.

She despised herself for never having been more aroused in her life.

And she knew the truth.

This was the most excitement she was ever going to have in all her boring, sheltered little life. Ravished by a pirate. Once home in the safety of father's guardianship, she could never hope to be touched again except by some stuffy, insipid future husband of her family's choosing.

If the pirate was going to torment her, the least he could do was satisfy her.

So, she lifted her head and said, "If you want me, come and take me." She was sure her defiance was an amusing sight, when he’d just seen her pleading and peeing. She wouldn't plead anymore. But, she humbly admitted, "I want you to."

He smiled that low, devilish smile that undid her entirely.

Little time was wasted in crossing the room, his fiery eyes rekindled with something nearly frightening. Aching need, she realized. Aching desire. For her.

Her throat went instantly dry at his sudden proximity, his smell flooding her awareness of everything. His hand immediately sought out and closed over her breasts, cupping them tenderly. She'd never been touched there before and went stock-still as a frightened doe.

"Relax," he snorted. "You flutter so rapidly betwixt extremes. Embarrassment and defiance. Bravery and terror." He released her breast and let his fingers tangle in her hair. "Sweet and wild."

She couldn't have anticipated the pirate admiring her for reasons transcending mere lust. She tried to breathe, to not let him see how affected she was already, entirely.

She was missing his hand on her breast, but he didn't leave her untended long. He lowered his head and his tongue caressed her nipple. She gasped, arching her back in surprise, and his mouth closed over her, sucking and savoring.

What was she doing? Was she, daughter of a lord, heir of a very important family, giving herself to a pirate?

His tongue swirled over her nipple and she moaned helplessly.

Yes, yes she was. Absolutely.

She was going from damp to absolutely slick between her legs, and embarrassingly so. There was no escaping what she was about to do, nor the reality that she wanted to do it.

"Please," she reached up, her fingers roving his hair. She remembered instantly her resolve that he'd never again make her plead, and felt a low glow of pleasure from him at her doing so. "Take me on your desk."

"You're a lord's daughter, and sheltered to boot. This is undoubtedly your first time."

God, he seemed born knowing how to aggravate her. "So?" she hissed.

"So, the bed will be more comfortable for your first time, princess," he gripped her bottom, and she resisted the urge to moan again.

He brooked no more argument and lifted her into his muscled arms like he had earlier, like a newlywed bride who was as inconsequentially easy to carry as air.

"But yes, I will take you."

He lowered her onto the bed but, unexpectedly, onto her knees, and then onto all fours, her nude bottom facing him.

The sound of unbuttoning trousers behind her sent her heart pounding more than she thought it possibly could. She couldn't help lowering her head to look back, between her legs.

His manhood was springing free, and he looked pert and hard as a rock. She could see that her pussy had more hair on it than usual, and felt yet another flush of embarrassment.

She worked hard not to make it visible that she was trembling.

How warped was she? Craving to be plowed by the man who had humiliated her and forced her to wet in her skirts only moments ago?

He grazed his hard member against her slick pussy and she nearly buckled in surprise at both the feeling of him, naked against her, and the tight resistance of her entry. What if she was too small and he was too big? What if he couldn't fit in her? She didn't know if she could bear any more mortification.

He, however, was caught up in the feeling of grazing his tip against her virgin pussy, and her recently-spanked ass.

"You. Are so. Enthralling."

She might have commented on his big vocabulary, for a pirate, but she was taken off guard by this position, propped on all fours and so very exposed to his view. And then she felt the startling pinch of his tip in her entry.

She stiffened instantly.

"Relax, princess," his hand cupped her body consolingly. "It will hurt for a minute. You are very delicate."

She couldn't vocalize even a bratty protest. Her whole being was caught up in the sensation of him filling her, and only barely filling her. How was she going to withstand this?

"I," she blurted. "I don't know if I'm ready."

"You're wet enough," he insisted, and he pulled back and plunged in just a little bit deeper, making her hands clench around the blankets. "You're only frightened."

"I am not afraid," she protested, and she couldn't tell if he grew inside her or if he lurched ever-so-slightly deeper, but the sensation became more urgent, and so did her aching.

"I," her voice was tight. "Ohh," she groaned, trying to sort the thrill from the panic in her mind. "I—"

He arched forward, plunging deeper, and she released a small scream.

The cry almost seemed to harden him yet more inside her, and she didn't know whether to flee the sensation or to arch back against him, to take him deeper. She froze in a stiffened paralysis instead, halting and uncertain.

"It's okay," Rhett breathed, insistently. "I know it hurts. But it will give way to pleasure. I promise."

She moaned, but even now, past the pulsing pain, she was feeling something like the most heart-rending excitement of her life.

She slowly inched back against him, accepting him in deeper.

His groan of pleasure took her by surprise. The realization that he was as unraveled as she intoxicated her. His hands caressed the pale nude skin of her bottom as he guided himself ever deeper into her. She began to become conscious of her body's scent of arousal lacing the air, and how he seemed to breathe deep to take in more of it.

She couldn't help but look down between her legs again. She could see his legs and his heaving testicles but not where his shaft pierced into her. But dear God she could feel it.

He pulled back, inching himself out of her, flooding her with a feeling of both relief and frustration.

Then, somehow, he plunged yet deeper.

She released a cry of pain— but soon the arousal clouded out the aching heaviness of him filling her. Soon she was breathing again, if raggedly.

They began moving together as one, him plunging deep and her thrusting to meet him.

The bed began to creak, and then to thud.

She hoped to God no pirates would come trailing back to the ship and hear them in their sudden throes of ecstasy.

Not only was the bed thudding, but both of them were releasing various helpless sounds as the thrusting became more slick and insistent.

She felt sure she was going to explode, her heart couldn't take it, her pussy couldn't take it, she was going to die.

Whenever her breath came close to panic, she felt his assuring grip on her, on her leg, her waist, her bottom, still vaguely stinging from his spanking.

And a horrible thought accosted her— that she could get used to being subdued and taken by him.

He was coming to the brink of his arousal. His breath was growing more ragged and his grip sinking urgently into her skin. She had read about a man's release but felt more than a little eager to experience it.

"Wait," he said suddenly. She froze. What now? He wasn't stopping? Was he?

"Flip over. On your back."

He eased out of her, and she felt an aching feeling at the loss of him. She also felt how startlingly aroused they both were, feeling wetness trailing in the wake of his penis.

"I won't fill you with child and send you home," he said simply, and this time she didn't dare insult his pirate's honor, or dare to mention how little averse she felt to that idea.

She was in shock at her own thoughts. What if she wanted him to fill her, again and again? Fill her with his seed and make her carry and birth his children? Keep her his captive and never take her home?

The thought was too much to maintain and was swept away by a perverse curiosity. How was he going to climax without entering her?

He knelt on the bed beside her reclining body.

"Push your breasts together," he said, swallowing.

"My...?" Though confused, she obeyed, nervously propping her hands on either side of her breasts, and wedging them close.

He straddled her, shifted his way up her tummy, and she watched in awe as a bead of fluid formed on his tip and dripped, oozing onto her skin. She trembled in excitement at the small sensation, and he noticed.

"You like feeling my excitement on you?" He grinned. "You're going to like this."

And he inched forward and plunged his shaft between her breasts.

Two things accosted her senses: she never would’ve imagined clutching a dick between her tits, and she never would've imagined how good it would feel, her hands clutching her breasts and her thumbs grazing her nipples while he worked himself between her.

He built up a steady rhythm of thrusting, still slick with their earlier excitement.

It wasn't long before he was grunting and groaning again. Being prone with her ass in his face had felt terrifyingly vulnerable, but this, lying here with him gazing down intensely into her eyes, felt new startling levels of naked.

He was tumbling towards his brink.

"Your tits are— stunning," he murmured past clenched teeth, watching transfixed as they bounced in her grip. "And I’m coming."

She nodded, breathless, and it happened.

Spurts of white-hot fluid escaped him, pooling above the rise of her breasts. She froze in awe at the sensation, and also a feeling like frustration. Why did women not get to come spurting as men did?

He tugged back, spent and breathless.

When he could breathe again, he laughed, ragged. "Are you sure you don't want to stay here? On this ship? With me?"

She didn't say a word.

He took a long moment of breathing to recover from his unraveling and then went to collect handkerchiefs. He cleaned her neck and chest tenderly.

She could get used to him cleaning her, tending her so firmly, but gently...

Good God, who was she? Was she not a lord's daughter from a very long and well-bred line? What was she thinking?

Finished wiping her clean, he kissed her breast again, startling her with the sweet sensation. He let his tongue graze there a moment, before sliding down her body and returning to her pussy.

"You. Smell heavenly," he said, and again, she felt humiliated.

But she was warming to the unsettling feeling of being mortified by him.

She never could've imagined that being subdued could feel so... safe?

With not another word he let his tongue connect with her still-swollen clit, and her whole being gave a surprised jerk, and then relaxed under the hot caress of his mouth.

He licked and he swirled his tongue and he let it stroke roughly against her.

She'd never in her wildest dreams imagined being kissed between her legs, and never remotely imagined the sensations it would bring.

"Rhett," she gasped.

"Lily?" His tone was gentle, a teasing question, as he let his tongue swirl over her.

"If you let it be known you've touched me, I'll be ruined, and I'll have to stay with you."

She could feel his surprise, even if not see it. His mouth froze, hovering over her clit. He looked up at her, those bewitching black eyes peering over her body.

"And would you like that? Society is a forbidding master but it's the only one you've ever known."

"I think I'd rather have you—" she swallowed hard. "For... a master."

Pure pleasure alighted in his eyes.

"I think I could stand to turn your cheeks pink for the rest of your life. Both sets of cheeks." She blushed. But she knew by now that he enjoyed watching her squirm and that she enjoyed squirming for him.

He buried his tongue back in her pussy. The rough and growing sensation of his mouth against her began to build and to grow... She hadn't known a woman could climax like a man, or experience the same ultimate pleasure...

She cried out as the pleasure built in her pussy, in her core, and then washed over all of her.

It overcame her like an ocean wave and rippled out through every part of her being. She liked that he looked proud of himself for making her scream.
