Grondin, the Dragon Slayer
 Entry to: Month 23
Author: Frodo (1999-12-22) T#2301

Grondin sat at the right hand of the King on the dais above the masses seated at the vast table in the Grand Hall. A massive, hairy, boistrous figure, he joked and roared and drank enormous amounts of golden mead as the nobles and villagers celebrated his latest rescue of a local virgin from the fiery grasp of the dragon, Skorchit. Bards sang their verses that described Grondon's sword as it flashed and slashed when he scooped up the helpless damsel in his enormous arm and brought her to safety. A thousand voices proclaimed Grondin's godlike status, a perfect hero, without human faults and frailties. Later, there would be a hundred nobles offering their daughters for one night with the protector of the province, though Grondin would always proclaim his restraint and sleep alone.

The revelry had continued for hours, when suddenly a young page entered the hall and approached the dais in great agitation. "The Princess Lithia is missing!" he shouted.

At once, there was the sound of a thousand gasps. Then the drunken throng called out for details. The King leaped to his feet and demanded to know what had happened to his fair daughter.

"The Princess Lithia dropped her linen handkerchief near Skorchit's den this afternoon as she witnessed today's rescue. She and one of her handmaidens went to retrieve it just before sunset, and they have not returned," the page stammered.

"Then, by God, I will bring her home," Grondin bellowed as he stood, weaving slightly from the effects of many cups of mead. Drawing his sword, he strode down the length of the hall and out through the huge oaken doors. Everyone followed, snatching torches from the walls to light the way.

An impressive procession moved toward the entrance to Skorchit's den, high in the hills above the town. Grondin led the way, his great strides forcing all others to run. In minutes, they had reached the awesome cavern wherein the fearsome dragon lay.

"Come out!" roared Grondin, brandishing his gleaming sword.

A hush fell over the crowd as they waited. At the same time, Grondin considered his strategy. Distracting him from this necessary planning was the fact that he had, over several hours, consumed cup after cup of golden brew, yet he had not made water. He urgently needed to pee.

Grondin's capacity for mead was legendary. Time after time, he would drink huge quantities of beverage, but only at the end of the evening would he relieve himself. These events were always witnessed by all of the village males still conscious. They would follow him as he marched outside the walls, and by torchlight they would see him pull out his Great Penis, an organ the size of the arm of a common man. Grondin would let loose such a flood that grasses would be washed away and a yellow rivulet would flow far out of sight toward the river. It was said that Grondin peed only when he wished to, and sometimes held it for a week or more.

Such were the tales told of this hero. But right now, his enormous bladder was full, and with this audience of both men and women, there was no opportunity to empty it. It must be said that Grondin had agreed long ago that he would never expose his Great Penis to any village female, for fear that they would never again be satisfied with their husbands. He would simply have to hold it.

Smoke rolled from the entrance to the cave, and a rumble from Skorchit caused the populace to draw back. Only the hulking figure of Grondin stood fast, brandishing his mighty blade. A gout of flame lit the scene as the dragon made its appearance.

The pressure in his lower abdomen was enormous. He was accustomed to holding in his pee for prolonged periods to maintain his image, but he had held it for hours during the celebration and urgently needed to release it now. He could not risk a squeeze of the Great Penis, nor could he show any other sign of weakness. Everyone was watching.

"Release the Princess Lithia!" the hero roared, as he also clenched his muscles to keep from soiling himself. The villagers shouted their approval. The dragon belched more fire and soot, obscuring Grondin as he moved forward to reach the exposed neck of the beast. As he did so, he felt a disheartening squirt into his linen underthings, and he grimaced while exerting all his strength to contain the flood within. In that brief pause, Skorchit let loose a second burst of flame, scorching the lone defender.

The sudden burning pain caused another, longer, gush, and a dark shadow of wetness was cast over Grondin's lower leather garments. Yet he fought on, slicing a gash in the dragon's throat. Skorchit leaped back in agony, and Grondin took the opportunity to advance. Wave after wave of urgency were ignored by the hero as he pursued the monster, and spouts cascaded from his loins, splashing on the rocks beneath his feet. He simply could not hold it in.

Then the dragon took the offensive, driving Grondin back. The villagers cried out in dismay as it seemed that the invincible defender would be undone. And just as it appeared that Grondin was doomed, Skorchit slipped on the newly-wet rocks, and when he stumbled, his unarmored throat was exposed for just an instant. The glistening blade was thrust in to the hilt, and Skorchit convulsed briefly, then fell. After a moment of hushed silence, cheers rang out, echoing from the hillsides. The dragon was dead!

A group of husky villagers ran into the cave and emerged with the Princess Lithia on their shoulders. Others ran to clasp Grondin in their most manly fashion, proclaiming his tactic of wetting the rocks a stroke of genius. Then the entourage moved back toward the castle. There was celebration until dawn and beyond.

The king offered his just-rescued daughter for Grondin's pleasure, but the modest hero declined, instead retiring to his humble rooms outside the castle walls. There he nearly filled a chamber pot with hot piss, then his favored page gently disrobed him. Since no orifice of his slender servant could possibly contain the Great Penis in an erect state, the lad used both of his large hands to massage it to climax, sending cupsful of white fluid onto the bedding. Grondin held his faithful and discreet partner in warm embrace as he fell into a deep sleep. 
