A Night Out

By Brad (date unknown) T#382

(This is a true account of something that happened to me last week. Names have been changed for obvious reasons and story-writers licence may have been employed, otherwise it is true.)

My ex girlfriend, Jane, goes to the same university as I, and we have remain friends since we split. She is a member of a social committee on campus, and they had organised a "uni night". The social life around the place is  generally dead, as it is only a small campus. This night included a couple of bands, a DJ and lots of drinking. I wasn't planning on going until I saw Jane that afternoon and she pleaded with me to go. I was working late that night and thought I better not disappoint her. I was not planning to stay long, but the company was good and the beer better, so time passed quickly.

Jane was never shy about her toilet habits, and once or twice through  the night she would look at me, cross her legs and exclaim in a wanting  fashion  "I gota pee." Before running off to the toilet. It was almost like she was doing it for my enjoyment. Just before midnight, I was told "we are going". We had been planning to go to the city nightclubing, and I knew that was where we were going. Jane and myself went in a friend of hers car, I still don't know her name, we were with one of her best friends, Tammy. Tammy was drunk, or pissed as we would say in Australia. She fell over, for no apparent reason, at least once on the way to the car. I jumped in the back with Tammy.

The trip to the city took about half an hour. It turned out the driver  lived with her parents in a stylish inner city apartment, just minutes walk  from the night club we were hoping to go to. About 20 minutes into the trip  Jane again complained that she had to pee. She asked the driver if she knew of  anywhere to stop. As I said, she is not shy when it comes to such matters. I  knew the area well and there was a couple of possibilities, but I sat back and  kept quiet.

The driver did not stop until we were in the carpark under her  apartments. She wanted to go inside for some reason and told us to meet her  outside in the street. Jane agreed, saying she would find some relief while we  were waiting. This did not overly excite me, as I had seen Jane squat many  times before. Tammy had been fairly quiet the whole trip, I put that down to  her drunken state. I began to wonder though, if she too needed to pee. She was  tall and not too skinny, her rounded bum looked great in her tight-ish black  pants. Very elegant. I had commented this to Jane earlier, and she agreed.

Before we got out of the car Jane asked the driver if the carpark had security, I knew this was because she was contemplating peeing by a car. Unfortunately, for her, she was told there was. She took the news in her stride. After we had got out of the car, Jane had taken hold of the top of her jeans,  not showing any real signs of desperation, but evidence of her need. We headed over to the door we had drove in. The driver of the car seemed to have disappeared. We couldn't get out! The strong security grill would only open for cars. There were a couple of buttons on the wall beside it. 

We tried various combinations, but with no success. Jane was getting more desperate now, even though only a short time had passed. She had her hands down her pants, though not far enough to reach her pussy or pee-hole, and was starting a classical 'pee dance'. Tammy whispered something like "why don't we just...." but was cut off by a lisper from Jane that I could not hear. Did Tammy have to pee just as bad as Jane? Just like I thought? Although she was showing no signs of  desperation? The only other possible route of escape was a door that lead upstairs to the apartments. I opened the door and was greeted with carpeted stairs that quickly turned a corner. I was ready to enter, not wanting to spend the rest of the night in a carpark. 

Jane pulled me back saying "What if we get caught somewhere we are not meant to be?"

I asked "Do you want to get out or not?" 

Not explaining my logic. A greater wave of desperation must have came over Jane, she crossed her legs and jumped up and down, hands in her crutch. A very classical pose. Tammy was starting to jog on the spot with her legs close together. While I wanted to play this out, I knew if either of them wet themself the night would be over, and I had not come all this way for that. Tammy was closely examining the dark corners of the parking structure be now, and once wondered off. Jane asked rhetorically where she was going, telling her at the same time to forget it. She was like a mother telling a child.

I took a deep breath and told them to come on. Like a scout leader on an expedition. I slowly moved up the stairs, the two girls hobbling behind. After turning the corner, and ascending another flight of stairs I came to a door.  Although I was moving slowly, the girls' state had caused them to lose ground. I cautiously opened the door, hoping no one was behind it. There was no one and there in front of me was the front door of the apartments that lead out to the street. I called to the girls, "come on, this way". Tammy stumbled on the steps, her legs crossed. I wondered if it was her need, or if it was because she was  drunk. Within seconds we were out the front door and in the street.

I glanced around, wanting to find somewhere for the girls to pee. There was a lane to the left of the building we had come out of, I headed that way. There was a small garden on the corner, and I suggested they go there. Jane thought about it for a second, and then saw another secluded entrance to the carpark. "Here!" She exclaimed, like she had discovered gold. She rushed over to the darkest corner. She pulled down here jeans and squatted low in one motion, like she always did. Within seconds, her loud hiss was drowned (pun?) out by a deafening splattering. This was a desperate piss. Tammy was standing near me watching, and I thought she mustn't have needed to go that bad and was going to wait. I now realise she was planning her next move.

Tammy rushed over next to Jane, and lowered her pants to knee level. She went into a half bent over, half squat position. From where I was it looked like she was going to pee on Jane, but she mustn't have been that close. The light from the street managed to catch her well, and I had a great view of her. She began to hiss, and I saw her thick stream. But it didn't fall between her feet as I had expected. It shot forward a great distance landing quite some distance in front of her. I thought to myself, "If Jane's was a desperate piss, this is an emergence". It shot further than any man I have ever seen.

Tammy's piss seemed to last for ages, and I saw it all. Her stream was still shooting forward in front of her, when she began to loose balance. She staggered a little, still peeing strong until she regained her position. Jane had finished by now and watched from the other side. Eventually Tammy's stream shortened, and she stopped, pulling up her pants. The girls wandered out to the street, I hang back to discreetly look at their puddle. It was huge. The concrete it was lying on was dead flat, so their combined pee stayed in one pool. It reckoned it was half and inch deep and 30 plus inches in diameter.  This was two very desperate pees. I wish I had had a camera, not for me, as I  will never forget the sight, but for every other fan of this sort of thing on  the 'net.

As a prologue; when we got to the city, I had to go to the bank. Its a short way down the street from the night club. As I was walking back, I seemed to be amongst another group of Uni. students (typical on a Thursday night). One, an attractive blonde, shot off down an ally we were passing. "Where's she goin'" one asked. "For a piss" her friend replied. I thought of following her, it would have made it an unbelievable night. But her large group of friends  would have seen me, so I decided against it.   
