You'll Pay
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation and Accidental & Deliberate Wetting.
By: Remos (2009'07)

Tonight was the night. All week I had carefully monitored my fluid intake preparing for this special night. My girlfriend and I were going out to a party with some close friends and I was driving. Normally this would have been the short straw, but, my mock annoyance covered my anticipation and delight well. In the four hours we were there, I helped her drink down at least three pints of various liquids while sipping slowly at a simple glass of water. I couldn't believe my luck as we walked back to our car, as she still hadn't gone to pee and by now must have a bladder that bulged more than my erect cock. Luckily Jess did not notice my 'bulge', but she did notice hers.

"God I have to pee like a racehorse," she gasped, and "I can't believe I didn't notice how bad I had to pee. Do you mind if I pop back in quickly love?" I quickly mumbled something about traffic and road works and she relented. As we got into the car I noticed her give her crotch a quick squeeze, perhaps to reassure herself. As we drove on, (we lived at least half an hour away from where the party was taking place) she began to fidget, steadily growing more frantic by the minute. Eventually I decided to break the silence and have some fun; "Are you ok Jess?" I said. "Yeah...Yeah I'm fine" she replied, "Well I was just going to stop at the petrol station and get a coffee, do you want one?"

"Oh, er, no thanks" came the reply.

After taking as long as I could to pay, whilst stealing glances back at the car to check on Jess every few seconds, I went back to the car. Just as I began walking back towards the car, Jess got out and began to walk towards me. She was holding herself firmly through her tight Levi's but when she saw me she very quickly moved her hand away like a rabbit caught in the headlights. "Hey stranger, where are you going?" I enquired. "I was just going to go use the toilet in the petrol station", she said, "I really have to go..." she added in a hushed tone. "Sorry babe but the guy says he's locking up, I was lucky to get served just then." She let out a slight moan of oh so wonderfully erotic frustration and walked dejectedly back to the car, holding herself when she thought I couldn't see.

After about five more minutes along the road, when I had finished my coffee, I asked her "Would it help if you peed in this cup?"

"Oh, no, no, no, I don't have to go that bad" she said hastily "Suit yourself" I replied, tossing the cup out of the window. A minute later she was squirming like a woman possessed, "God I have to piss so bad" she hissed through clenched teeth. "Are you going to wet yourself?" I asked, my erection threatening to burst through my zipper. "I...I...I..." the sound scarcely escaped her lips before there came a loud hissing and as I looked over a dark stain spread across her crotch. A puddle formed on the (thankfully) waterproof seat and I smelt the sharp smell of ammonia. "I...I just did" she sobbed. "Aww baby don't worry, it happens to everyone," I said reassuringly, before I climaxed and made my own little wet patch.

As she looked over at me, inquisitive as to the reason for my deep breaths she said "Have you wet your... hang on wait a minute, you're having an orgasm aren't you" she said accusingly, "You set me up to wet my knickers!" Despite my hasty denials she concluded sharply, "You'll pay for taking advantage of me like this!"

