Wet at Work

Author: Abigail Thornton

You know something has gone wrong in your life when the highlight of your day is having a piss. Having a piss was the only thing which gave any relief from the monotony of my job. It gave me an excuse to leave my desk, leave my horrible little office with the puke-green walls and go and sit in private in the plush all-white environment of the management’s toilet suite. How was it that the cleaners could make the loo smell lemon fresh, yet my office smelt of wet dog? I often fantasised about spending my day in the toilet and nipping back to my desk to take a piss. It certainly wouldn’t have made any difference to the ambiance of the office if I just squatted down behind my desk whenever I wanted to pee.

I had become obsessed with my toileting habits - boredom can do that to a girl and I had plenty of opportunity to be bored. Data entry isn’t glamorous work and it isn’t good for your mind or body when there is no data that needs entering.

It had started as a temping position and I hadn’t intended to stick with it - it was just something that the agency found when I finished university. The job itself had always been awful but I was part of a team of university leavers in a big office and it had worked. We had fun - there was banter, there was music, there was lust, which led to intriguing romances. We hung out together after work and there was sex - some of it at work. The work was a minor inconvenience in what was effectively a paid extension to our university fun.

Somehow as others left for proper jobs, I stayed. I was offered a permanent role, which seemed like a good idea in an uncertain job market. A salary and a pension was attached to my new position of ‘Data Integrity Officer'. It seemed very grown up and although I was responsible for controlling the behaviour of my friends, I didn’t care what they did so long as the work got done and Leslie, my line manager, didn’t have cause to get on my back. In effect, I had more money for doing no extra work.

During a restructure, I became the ‘Data Assurance Manager’ with two new Data Integrity Officers working below me. The problem was that it was never made clear what I was supposed to be doing in my new role. The Integrity Officers had little enough to do; I had nothing to occupy my time and Leslie, it seemed, had even less.

“Just keep quiet and try to look busy!" Leslie advised, “that’s what I do.”

It was quite a shock to hear my manager admit to the fact that her role wasn’t clearly defined either and little or no work came her way. I’d always hated the pointlessness of her existence at work -yet here I was having found myself promoted into exactly the same situation.

To add to my woes, I was now a senior member of an expanding team. That expansion and promotion meant relocation and I found myself sharing with Leslie. I was separated from the guys doing the inputting and the fun they were having by the security door. Being behind the door was a symbol. To the team, I became one of ‘them’. Yet behind the door, I wasn’t really a manager. I didn’t fit into either world and that left me isolated. Except that I wasn’t isolated. I was stuck in an office with Leslie, and she was the reason I spent so much time in the Ladies loo - anything to get away from her and the weird atmosphere that seemed to hang in the air whenever we were alone.

I trundled down the corridor and slipped into the toilets. I had a favourite cubicle - it was comforting when I shut the door against the world. That's how sad my life had become. I dropped my jeans and knickers and sat on the plastic seat. I didn’t really need to go. I never really needed to go. May as well, since I'm here. I spread my thighs and rubbed my fingers over the shaved mound as I sent a command to my bladder to release what was stored in there. There was nothing to press against and I watched as a pathetic little trickle of honey-coloured piss dripped and then dribbled from between my labia as my bladder quickly ran dry. I wrapped a bundle of paper from the reel around my hand and dabbed at myself for longer than was strictly necessary. Every moment in here was a moment that I didn’t have to spend in the office; a moment closer to 5 PM when I could pack up and head home.

I washed my hands, slowly and carefully - like someone with obsessive compulsion and then trundled back to the security door and the offices beyond. I wandered past Jim’s office. He had an open-door policy, which I hated as he always looked up as I went past. I never looked in, except maybe late on Fridays when I'd wish for him to have a good weekend. He was Leslie’s boss and it paid to be polite - but as this was a Monday, I simply kept my eyes straight forward as I walked on by.

###

"Hmmm,” Leslie said. “Have you checked your calendar?” It was Tuesday morning and I was trying to stretch all five of my unread emails until I’d finished my coffee.

“No, not yet.”

“Jim’s scheduled a meeting for the two of us.” We looked at each other, wondering if we’d been found out. Neither of us added anything to the organisation for the considerable salaries we were drawing - the only reason why we existed was to prevent Jim from having to deal with the Data Integrity Officers directly.

“It’s not in my calendar,” I said, feeling a note of relief.

“Shit," Leslie said. “The meeting’s about you.” I felt my stomach drop and there was a significant look between us. “It’s private, that’s why you can’t see it.”

“That doesn’t sound good,” I said, the words a massive understatement. Jim loved his meetings but neither of us had been the subject of one before. I imagined the way it would go: phrases like ‘surplus to requirements’ and ‘unfortunate situation’ would be banded around. Leslie would nod sadly in agreement, grateful that the attention wasn’t focused on her. She gave me an awkward smile as she left the room.

I waited until I heard the click of Jim’s door. He never closed his door - that alone spoke of the serious nature of what they were discussing - me. I snuck past the closed door but was unable to make out words from the muffled voices and went to my sanctuary. The loo was usually a calming environment for me but I was too stressed. What would I do if they made me redundant?

I shuffled into position and allowed the pee to flow strongly from my body. The sensation of being empty provided a modicum of release - but I knew that I wanted more. Instead of reaching for the toilet paper, I spread my thighs and slipped my bare fingers down over my pussy. I needed to combat the anxiety and let out a soft sigh as I dug my fingers in between my labia and rubbed.

It felt good to rub the wet flesh. It wasn’t the first time I had played with myself in this cubicle; I didn’t always pee when I came in here, sometimes I just played with my pussy; sometimes I did more. If my mind had wandered onto naughty subjects while sitting restlessly at my desk, I sometimes needed a quick orgasm. When I took my can of deodorant into the loo to ‘freshen-up’, I did something with the slender can which its designers had never intended. I wished I had something with which to fuck myself -something really big and satisfying, rather than just my fingers. But my fingers could be good.

My jeans and underwear were around my ankles, my knees spread so wide that they were almost touching the walls of the cubicle as I used both hands to knead the heat in my vulva. It wasn’t desire stoking those fires, it was fear. But it still felt good, my body was hungry for release and I gasped as a spasm of pleasure tugged at the knot of angst in my belly.

My fingers worked frantically. This wasn’t a time to linger, to try and draw out the maximum pleasure. It was a sneaky orgasm, quick and dirty. But it was going to be good anyway. There was added intensity from the desperation to relieve the physical tension in my body.

I was trying to come-up with a plausible reason for Jim to call a meeting about me. I couldn’t think of anything positive and I was convincing myself that it must be something bad when I heard the outer and inner doors of the Ladies open and close. The door of the adjacent cubicle shut and I heard the rustle of clothes and then the sound of a thin stream of urine hitting porcelain. I was on the verge of something intense but had to sit still and wait, afraid that the sucky sticky sounds of my fingers working in and out of my piss-wet pussy would give me away.

The toilet flushed and I took the opportunity to restart my finger work. Not enough to take me over the edge, just enough to take me to the edge, ready and waiting. A sense of heated anticipation gripped me and I inhaled deeply, more than ready to tweak myself to orgasm. The outer door knocked itself shut and I tripped my clitoris into orgasm with a deft flick of my fingers. My back arched and my knees lifted as my pussy’s heat spread throughout my body. I sighed heavily as the pulses of pleasure washed through the turbulent emotions which had been consuming me.

I felt re-energised, the orgasmic release having boosted my positivism. I didn’t even know what the meeting was about. There was no reason to get worked up. I felt pleased with myself as I wiped my glistening fingers on the loo roll and used it to soak-up the moist sheen of pee and sex juices from my labia.

That positive energy lasted until I saw Leslie’s face as she returned to our office. “What?” I asked.

“It’s nothing major!" she said, trying to be reassuring. “It’s just that Jim has taken notice of how many times you go to the loo.”

“He’s what?” I asked, feeling a shiver of horror run down my spine. So he had been watching when I went past his office.

“He said that you went 15 times yesterday, and that’s quite normal for you.” Leslie saw the look on my face and quickly made to distance herself from the observation. “I hadn’t noticed and it doesn’t bother me how many times you go to the loo.” Leslie shifted uncomfortably before continuing. “But Jim thinks it’s excessive. He asked me if you had some kind of problem.”

“And what did you say?”

“I said that it’s your time of the month and that you’re pretty heavy!" she said. “I’m sorry, it was the only thing I could think of to explain things. I know that you just go to kill time, to get away from this shithole, but it’s been noticed and he’s asked me to put a stop to it.”

“Put a stop to me going to the loo?” I asked, genuinely surprised. “What... do I need a note now?” Leslie rolled her eyes.

“As I said, this isn’t my idea. But Jim has made it clear that he’s not happy.”

“Hasn’t he got more important things to worry about than my toilet habits?” Leslie gave me a look as if to remind me of our department’s situation.

“No, probably not,” she said, shrugging and giving me an apologetic smile. “The behaviour of your bladder has reached the top of his priority list.” The smile exploded and she started laughing, hiding great hoots behind her hand as she wiped at her eyes. “Oh God, Emma, I’m sorry - it’s just so funny. I had to sit there while Jim was all serious as he asked me about your ‘toilet problem’. And what ‘we’ were going to do about.”

“You’re taking the piss!” I said, laughing. The seriousness of the situation had gone and I kicked back in my chair and swivelled in behind my desk. “What does he want me to do? Get a note? Just do it here at my desk?” Leslie gave me an odd look. “What?” I asked, laughing.

“You’ve just given me an idea.” Her cheeks were flushed and her gaze became unfocused as she looked along the office. She wasn’t seeing me, she was seeing something in her mind. “Yes. I think that might just work.” I gave her a serious look. “Don’t worry, I’ve got a plan.”

###

“You can’t be serious!" I whined, as Leslie lined her ‘plan’ up on my desk. They were glass pint pots. “You want me to piss in these glasses here in the office and leave them lined up along my desk?” Leslie wore a smile the likes of which I’d never seen before. She was extraordinarily pleased with herself.

“That’ll teach the bastard,” she said, nodding towards Jim’s office along the corridor. “I’m sure you won’t need to do it for long. What he’s doing is probably illegal. As soon as he sees that you’re not going to just take it, things will get back to normal.”

“Yeah but until then... I’m going to have to piss in these and leave them on display? And what happens when he comes in and sees them?”

“Let's find out!" Leslie said, handing me a glass.

“No way!” I said. “There’s no way I’m going to piss in a glass.”

“Come-on, Emma. Give it a go. It’ll be fun,” Leslie said, grabbing a glass. “Here, I’ll show you.” I didn’t know where to look as Leslie took the glass back to her chair and swivelled to face me. She was wearing a typically short skirt which disappeared obediently as she spread her thighs. I was convinced that she was messing around as she shuffled to the edge of her chair and placed the glass right up against her crotch. But then she pulled her panties to one side and I was looking at my boss’s pussy. She lifted her head to meet my gaze at the sound of my startled in-take of breath.

“You can’t!" I protested - but she already was. There was a hissing rattle and I could see liquid squirting against the nearside of the glass. The smooth smile that formed on Leslie's lips made my body tingle - she was enjoying pissing in a glass in front of me. I watched as the glass filled with an amber glow. It looked like a tired pint of lager; there was even a layer of white bubbles on the top.

“Would you like a drink, Emma?" she asked, offering the foamy glass to me.

“Errr, no thanks,” I said, feeling a little unsteady. Had that really happened? Had Leslie really just taken a pint glass and held it against her crotch as she urinated in our office? It had happened so quickly. I felt frazzled as she started switching her PC on and pottering around as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Only the memory of her bursting bladder and carefully-trimmed snatch and the half-filled glass of golden liquid on the window ledge confirmed what had just happened.

“So,” she said, spinning on the chair. “How are you doing? You need to go?” My body was tingling with excitement. My pulse rate had increased and the air seemed thick as I dragged it into my lungs. I’d fantasized about peeing at my desk, but never like this and certainly not with my boss encouraging me - perhaps watching me, as I had watched her.

I was wearing my jeans again, so it wasn’t as easy for me as it had been for her. I reached out and pulled one of the pint glasses to the edge of the desk in an unmistakable signal of what I was about to do. Leslie gave me that smooth smile again and she leaned back on her elbows, rearranging her body as I undid my belt. I decided to do it as I had done it in my fantasises - crouched down behind my desk, which would at least hide me from anyone opening the door.

I pulled in a deep, heated breath as I slid the zipper down and tugged my jeans and knickers down to my knees. There was a problem - I couldn’t see what I was doing with the pint glass and had no idea where I should be pressing it.

“It’d be much easier if you just took them off,” Leslie suggested. She was right but I really didn’t want to be half naked at work with only an unlocked door between my semi-nudity and the rest of the management team. But...

Leslie was watching me like a hawk and there was something appealing about following her suggestion.

I undid my boots, stood-up and kicked them off under my desk. My jeans and knickers were still down around my knees and Leslie was staring at my pussy. It was undoubtedly weird, but in a way I would have been disappointed if she hadn’t been looking.

I shook a leg free of my clothes and thought about leaving the other in - but it didn’t make any difference - I decided that I may as well just get them off altogether. I stepped out of them and it felt surprisingly liberating to have my bottomhalf naked - besides a pair of stripy socks. With the clothing out of the way, I took the pint glass and squatted down on my haunches, tilting my hips against the rim of the glass. I was side-on to Leslie and I knew that my bare thigh was blocking her view: she wouldn’t be able to see anything from her chair.

She was over in a flash, leaning across my desk, her gaze locked between my parted legs. I said nothing as my boss ogled my bare pussy. Instead,

I concentrated on catching the stream of urine.

I should have concentrated harder - the first blast arched up above the glass and splashed against the vanity board. Leslie gasped and took a sharp step backwards - it had splashed across the open toes of her shoes.

“Sorry!" I said. “I’ve never done this before.”

“I should hope not!” Leslie said, although I wasn’t sure whether she was talking about peeing into a pint glass or accidentally urinating on my boss’s feet. My breath caught and I wondered whether I would be able to pee again. It felt so unnatural to do it away from a toilet - plus my stream had shut off by itself automatically and I wasn’t sure how to get it going again.

“Problem?” Leslie asked, stepping forward cautiously and peering down. The embarrassment was so powerful that I could have died right there and then. What the hell was I doing? How had I ended up half naked behind my desk with my boss enquiring as to why I wasn’t able to fill a pint glass with urine? Leslie raised her eyebrows and tilted her head to one side, as though repeating the question. I fought with muscles, trying to work-out a way of releasing the flow. It was almost unbearable and the tension rose to an almost explosive state.

It came as a faint trickle, running down the crack of my arse and onto the floor. “Jesus> Emma. You missed the glass again,” Leslie scalded. She stepped round the desk and helped me back into my chair. “Come-on, I’ll help you.” And suddenly, Leslie was kneeling between my legs, holding the glass against my pussy. I had an urge to grab a fistful of her hair and hold her mouth to my pussy as I pressed down on my bladder. I wanted to pee into her mouth. Every cell in my body seemed to get electrified by the thought; by the vivid picture in my head.

Leslie’s face was down there between my legs, so close. Every nerve ending in my pussy wanted the same thing: they wanted to feel the warm wetness of Leslie’s mouth. Perhaps I could suggest that I might be able to pee if she licked my slit. The thought sent a deep shudder through my gut and seemed to set other actions into motion.

With a whimper of disappointment, I felt my bladder give way to my instructions. Leslie giggled as she straightened the glass, allowing it to take the full flow of my stream of urine. If I could just summon the courage to knock the glass to one side, I would be peeing all over my boss as she knelt between my legs. I imagined soaking her blouse and bra; imagined the thin material sticking to the soft curves of her breasts. I let out a moan of desire and pushed my hand down between my legs. I slipped my hips forward, imagining that I was pressing my pissing-pussy against her face, that Leslie was happy to accept it and that her tongue would pleasure me.

My fingers parted the folds of my labia even as my stream intensified. I was offering myself to Leslie and her mouth. I wanted to introduce her to the taste of my pussy. A rush of new sensations surged through me and made me thrust my hips out again. The stream wavered dangerously and Leslie had to move the glass to save herself from the torrent. Somehow the movement brought her mouth much closer to my sex, and I could feel her breath.

I let my fingers press in at the top of my slit; let them play over my clitoris. Surely Leslie could see it glowing with desire from where she was sitting? I imagined her open lips moving into the stream of my urine and following it greedily back to its source. In my mind, Leslie’s mouth was devouring my pussy. As the flow eased and stopped, my hips jerked and my hand moved frantically as Leslie uncoiled and turned away with a second glass of urine. I imagined her tasting it, as she had offered me to do with hers. I should have done it; I should have tasted her unique honey.

My body shuddered as the spasms of an orgasm gathered. Leslie turned and was obviously surprised to find me still locked in the same position. “You can get dressed now if you want!" she said.

Then she identified the movement of my fingers as the reason I hadn’t moved. “Oh!" she said. I was too far gone to care, and Leslie already knew what I was doing. I’d only need another few seconds of rubbing and I’d orgasm. I resumed circling my clit, my body glowing with shame and sexual hunger. Leslie stepped forward, as inviting as any woman could be as she met my gaze. She stepped forward again and straddled my legs. As she did so, her skirt rode up and as far as it went, Leslie pulled it higher and quickly yanked her knickers to one side.

It was a mesmerising pose and I sat and stared, thinking that the offering was for display only. Then I felt her fingers in my hair, guiding me forward. She brought my face against her body, effectively pinning my mouth against her pussy. My eyes flicked up to find her staring down. We were the same - that was clear from what I found in her hungry stare. What we were feeling and wanting was the same. I opened my mouth and tasted her. Her sex juices, her piss. I captured the essence of her and sucked, moving my tongue forward, exploring. She gasped as it probed, and I didn’t stop until it was buried deep inside.

And then I came. What we were sharing was more than sex and it was a magnificent climax. It was forbidden on so many levels. My boss’s pussy, at work; a spontaneous lesbian encounter. I was enthralled and could only wonder at how this had happened.

My mouth was still attached to Leslie’s pussy, my tongue was still working and now that my own climax had passed its peak, it was disconcerting as well as fascinating to lick her most private place. Could I make my boss orgasm too? Was it her or the situation which was driving this new desire which was overpowering my conservative nature?

My thoughts were interrupted as Leslie gripped my head in her hands and pressed her pussy against my mouth. She was a greedy bitch and obviously liked the feel of my mouth against her. I supressed the urge to pull away; I wasn't a lesbian - admittedly, I had fantasised about licking pussy but I’d never really meant it. I wanted to stop, wanted to pull away but for some reason I didn’t. I just stayed in place and licked her, and as my heat faded, I ran my hands up her thighs and allowed my fingers to find hers.

Leslie shook as I penetrated her pussy and her groin came alive. No longer did she just stand there and take what I was giving her; her hips rotated and her body writhed with my face pressed against her, licking her clitoris.

Her body shuddered and the feel of it sent a wave of satisfaction through my body which seemed to compliment the release of my own climax. Could I make my boss orgasm? I started thinking about what I was doing to her and applied those things which I enjoyed. Leslie groaned as I curled my fingers inside her and massaged the soft flesh of her pussy wall.

“Hmmmm,” she murmured. “That’s amazing.” I was delighted and tried to maintain the pace, despite the efforts of her body to throw me off. Her breath grew shorter and louder as her lust-frenzied body searched for sexual release. Her hands squeezed my head, hard enough to make my brain ache and I knew she was losing control. I added a third finger and felt my boss’s sex juices trickle down my palm. I fucked her with my fingers, feeling her labia and vagina stretching with every thrust.

“Ooooh fuck,” Leslie groaned, a little too loudly and her crotch jackhammered against my teeth with a maddening fury. My world blurred as her groin thrashed and my head thrashed with it. The sweetness and heat of her pussy was my world and I shared each and every contraction of her orgasm as she sagged more and more heavily onto my face. I ended up trapped against my chair, struggling to breathe as Leslie became still. She looked down, her face a picture of contentment.

I knew at that moment my life had changed. It had become very, very complicated.

*****

A straight girl with a newly-outed lesbian boss sharing an office is a strange dynamic. It’s even stranger when the straight girl has licked her boss to orgasm and there are two pint pots half-filled with piss, one sitting on each of their desks.

It would have been easier if we’d been busy - we could have thrown ourselves into our work and enjoyed a comfortable silent assessment of the situation. As it was I couldn’t even go to the toilet to clean-up and wiping with a tissue meant I only had a smaller quantity of Leslie’s dried sex juices on my face and hands.

Leslie chuckled. “Hey, Emma, let’s not make this complicated,” she said. She tapped her chin a couple of times as she did when she was thinking.

“What’s complicated?”

Amusement filled Leslie’s face. “Well, I know that you’re straight and well, you now know that I’m not.” She paused for a moment wondering whether to vocalise her next thought. “You lick amazing pussy for a straight girl.” I laughed. Leslie was always capable of cutting through ‘situations’.

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“That I’m a lesbian? It’s hardly scandalous these days, but you never know who you can trust.

Do you think about me differently now that you know?”

I arched an eyebrow which made her giggle. “It’s not really what you are that’s changed is it? It’s what we’ve done.”

Amusement filled Leslie’s face again. “OK honey, I’ll do you a deal: I won’t tell your secrets if you don’t tell mine.”

“OK. What’s your secret?”

“The meeting yesterday - it wasn’t really about your toilet habits.” Leslie paused to let the information sink in.

“So all this?” I asked, sweeping my hand over the matching pint pots filled with our piss.

“This was for me. I wanted to see you pee... and I wanted you to watch me pee.” Her face was concerned now.

“You wanted to watch me piss in our office?”

“I’ve got a little watersports fetish and you once said something which I became obsessed about.”

“That it’d be better to work in the toilet and piss behind my desk!" I said, already knowing the words which had been the catalyst for Leslie’s little obsession.

“Please don’t hate me but every time you go to the ladies - and you do go a lot you know -1 imagined you acting out your little switch. I always wanted you to say ‘oh I can’t be bothered going to the loo’ and doing it here.” Leslie’s face took on a glassy expression as she started imagining it, or remembering what she’d encouraged me to do. “You’d just squat down and have your piss right there, right in front of me, not caring that I was watching.... or even enjoying the fact that I was watching you.”

“Oh my God!”

“There’s more,” Leslie said.

“More?”

“Yes. Sometimes when you’ve gone to the loo, I’ve got a little carried away...”

“And you’ve masturbated about me?”

“No. Well, yes, that too. Worse than that. Sometimes when you’ve been out of the office, I’ve squatted down and peed.”

“You’ve peed in this office? Not in a glass - on the carpet?”

“Yes,” Leslie admitted, her face glowing with colour. “It’s so boring in here.” I didn’t know what to say. The idea of an adult woman actually squatting down and peeing in her office was just so unbelievable.

“No wonder it smells so bad in here,” I said, laughing.

“You’re not cross?” she asked, relief waiting cautiously for a confirmation of my feelings.

“Well, it was my idea, so I can hardly complain.”

“It was easier in my old office. It had a flat roof which was always leaking. They were constantly in there mopping up and replacing the carpet. I did it a few times when I knew that I could get away with it. The smell of the carpet glue was enough to hide any unpleasantness.”

“So how many times have you done it in here?”

“Not including today?” she asked, eyeing the liquid glowing in the sunshine on my desk.

“Three times”.

“Little pees, or full bladder?”

“Two little squirts while you were away from your desk and one full load after you’d left on a Friday evening,” she said, glowing with guilt and excitement.

“Where did you do it?” I asked, my eyes scanned the carpet for tell-tale staining. I saw the look on her face and the movement of her eyes. “Behind my desk?” I stood up and pulled my chair out. Now that I knew what I was looking for, I could see the semi-circular tide mark in the carpet against the wall. “So I’ve been sitting right above a patch of your dried piss every day?" Leslie cowered in an exaggerated comic fashion. “No wonder this place smells like a toilet - you've used it as one!”

“Sorry,” she said quietly, seeking forgiveness.

“Was it good?” I asked. Her face brightened and she smiled as she looked down at the stain.

“It was amazing!" she said.

“Better than the pint pots?”

Leslie thought for a moment. “No. Pissing in the office was fun at the time but the pint pots were better - because of you. I wanted you to watch and I desperately hoped that I could persuade you to follow my lead.”

“Which I did.”

“Yes!" she said, glowing with happiness. “But I never imagined that there would be... other stuff.”

“Have you imagined ‘other stuff’ with me?” I asked directly. Leslie squirmed and had that doubtful look again, which I had already worked out meant that she had something which she was reluctant to tell me. “Just tell me!” I scalded.

“Well, when I was holding the glass as you peed into it, I wanted to...”

“Pull it away and let me piss all over you?”

“Yes, exactly!" she said, sounding surprised. “How did you know?”

“I wanted that too.” Leslie growled. There’s no other way to describe the deep guttural response, the vocalisation of her desire.

“Oh fuck, I’m sorry. This is going so fast, it must be a terrible shock to you, finding out about all this stuff going on in my head.”

“Not just in your head,” I said, smiling as I nodded at the carpet.

“You’re not shocked?”

“Shocked, yes. But I don’t mind. I mean this place is just so...”

“Boring.” I noticed the way Leslie was steering the conversation away from what appeared to have been a mutual desire. I decided to steer it back by revealing some of my own wet games.

“Exactly. It’s not quite to the same extreme,” I said, smiling, “but peeing is the highlight of my day too. It’s what I do to pass the time.” Leslie looked at me long and hard, perhaps realising that we weren’t so dissimilar. This conversation had already popped the cork on what seemed to be a shared interest, if only at extreme ends of the spectrum. It felt weird to even consider but perhaps Leslie and I could indulge our mutual fetish. The wet heat in my pussy was making me dizzy. “So, would you let me piss on you?”

Leslie gasped. “You mean like we did before, only without the glass?” I nodded, feeling the knot of excitement tighten. Leslie didn’t even pause. “Of course I would.” My breath was quick and deep, as though I’d just run up the six flights of stairs to our floor. I was beaming with pride and excitement.

“Drink to it?” Leslie challenged, standing and picking up both glasses. Fuck! My heart pounded as I took a glass. Was it mine or hers? Leslie touched her glass to mine and took a sip. Double fuck! I watched until she swallowed, knowing that urine was flowing down her throat and knowing that I would soon be doing the same.

I didn’t want to do it, but felt as though I had to. I imagined champagne. Leslie smiled encouragement and held up her own glass. “It’s nice to taste someone else’s for a change.” That meant two things - Leslie had tasted her own already and I was about to as well. She watched me expectantly. This was crazy.

“Champagne,” I thought. “Champagne, champagne, champagne.” I touched the glass to my lips, tipped it up and enjoyed the sparkling taste as I took it in my mouth and quickly swallowed. A shiver of horror went through me as I felt Leslie’s pee flowing down inside me, towards my stomach. A huge smile lit Leslie’s face and suddenly she was upon me, her lips pressing against mine in a hungry kiss.

“That’s a dream come true!" she said, pulling away from me. There was something different about her: she was practically bouncing with energy. “I’ve waited a very long time for a girl to do that.” Despite the grumbling nausea in my belly, I was genuinely pleased that I had made Leslie so deliriously happy. I had never seen her like that, although I was quick to put my glass down before she insisted on a second round.

There were sensations stirring in my belly, but they weren’t just from Leslie’s pee swilling inside me. It had been a really good kiss, so full of passion and desire. The kind of kiss a girl wants. Leslie was talking but I wasn’t listening, although I was looking at her lips and thinking. Two thoughts fought for prominence: my lips pressed against them again and more excitingly, my stream of piss splashing against them as they opened between my spread thighs. I tried to focus, tried to steer my attention back to the conversation we were having but I was simply too aroused.

Leslie’s phone rang and I escaped as soon as she settled in her seat. I glanced at her as I closed the office door. She smiled radiantly but I found my eyes dropping from her face to the curve of her thigh. I paused for too long. I was staring and Leslie was watching. She understood. Something crazy was happening between us. It was like a newly-discovered addiction. I dragged my eyes away and closed the door, leaning back on it breathlessly. Fuck!

###

So much had happened since I'd walked into the office that morning, worried about my job.

Those worries seemed like a lifetime ago - and they hadn't been real anyway. I walked down the corridor and crunched into Jim as he left his office. “Oops, sorry, my fault,” he said, retracing his steps back into his office. I flushed furiously -could he see Leslie’s dried sex juices on my face? Did he know that I’d licked her to orgasm, taken a sip of her piss? I gave him a warm smile and hurried on.

I leant back against the cistern as I sat on my favourite toilet seat and sighed. It was settling to be in my little isolation chamber. I shook my head, thinking through the events of the morning. It was crazy. Nothing like that had ever happened to me before. I didn’t need to pee, and I wondered whether I should be saving it for Leslie. I groaned at the thought and succumbed to the need to play. I rubbed my pussy, thinking about Leslie. Did I want to have sex with her? I obviously did. Did that make me a lesbian?

My fantasies flowed freely, without any encouragement or logical thought. I felt different, as though a cap had been unscrewed and I was free to think the unthinkable. It was as though Leslie had taught me that I shouldn't hold back. She’d held back for years and look at what had happened when she just let go.

I thought about letting go myself. Letting go all over her as we had agreed would happen later on today. I thought about weeing on my boss as she knelt between my legs: my pee soaking into her clothes; her smile as I did it.

The orgasm built quickly and when it released, it was off the chart, the best I’d ever had. My thighs clamped together and crushed my hand as my body folded over, until my shoulders were pressing against my knees. Whatever else did or didn’t happen, the last hour had been the most pleasurable - and memorable - I’d ever had. This day, this obscure Tuesday was quite possibly the peak of my sex life. Only with great reluctance did I withdraw my fingers and wipe away the sex juices. I headed out with a new determination to take full advantage of what the day had to offer.

###

Leslie wasn’t in the office when I returned. I made the most of her absence by taking the two glasses to the kitchen and tipping their contents down the sink. I gave them a good wash and dried one on the towel and with a thrill of anticipation, part-filled the second and took a long gulp, knowing that the fluid would be making a sexy reappearance later.

Leslie didn’t come back until gone half four. “Jim’s kept me busy all day,” she said. I gave her a suggestive look. “Eww! Not that kind of busy, you perv!” she said, trying to look cross, but failing.

“Are you ready for your golden shower?” I asked, hardly able to believe the directness with which I’d asked my boss the question which had been obsessing me all day. What if she had changed her mind?

“Are you?” she challenged, eying the empty glasses on my desk. It was scandalous behaviour and we both knew it. “Maybe we should leave it until after five, just in case.”

I groaned. “I’m not sure I can wait that long.”

“Me neither,” Leslie said, stroking her blouse.

We tried to make ourselves busy but kept glancing at each other and the clocks. As 5 O’clock arrived, we heard the offices around us emptying. By ten past, the building was quiet.

“Right then,” Leslie said. “I think it's time.” My pussy fluttered with excitement as Leslie stood up and came over to my desk. My bladder was throbbing, competing with the anxious thumping in the rest of my body. I quickly replayed the strip of the morning, surprised at how comfortable I felt being half-naked this time. Leslie settled between my legs, sitting neatly on her own feet. “Is this how you...” she started to ask, but was interrupted as my pee erupted.

We both shrieked as it started, and I imagined that the giddy smile on Leslie’s face was mirrored on mine. The flow of urine was clear and powerful, and it hit high on Leslie’s chest, instantly piercing the thin material of her blouse. “It’s filling the cups of my bra,” she shrieked, and I could see more and more of the white of her blouse becoming transparent as my pee flowed down her belly and reached the band of her skirt.

“Ahhh,” she cried, squirming. “It’s in my knickers! Oh fuck, that feels nice.” It looked ‘nice’ too. I was laughing at my boss’s discomfort but it became more serious as she opened her mouth and leant forward.

“Do it!" I thought. “I want to see you do it.” Leslie put her mouth into the flow and I could actually see it filling her mouth. She leant back, showed it to me and then swallowed. I couldn’t believe how sexy it made me feel as she opened her mouth to show me that it was empty. I’d done that several times with cum from my boyfriends. I had no idea that there was a physical response -that it actually felt good to see someone take your precious liquids inside their body.

The flow stopped abruptly. It was a disappointment for both of us. “Is that it?” Leslie asked.

“Yes,” I said. I wanted there to be more but there wasn’t any. “My tank’s empty.”

“Shame,” Leslie said, smiling. I leant forward and kissed her, trying to express the tumult of passion and desire I was feeling. Leslie pulled away. “I really enjoyed that but we really should get going before the cleaners arrive.” She unfolded and my urine poured out of her skirt as she stood up. Even when she wrapped her coat around herself, it was still obvious to me what had happened.

We left the office and I literally ran into Jim as we hurried along the corridor. “Twice in one day,” he said to me. “It must be my lucky day.”

“Sorry,” I said, feeling that it was my turn to apologise.

“You girls are working late,” he said, stretching an arm to expose his watch.

“It’s been one of those days,” Leslie said. “We just had a few things that needed finishing off - you know how it is.” I suppressed a giggle. If Jim had any idea what we’d been doing in the office all day we’d have surely been marched from the building.

“That’s what I like to see, a bit of commitment - you girls are an asset. Don’t think this kind of thing goes unnoticed,” Jim said, waving his hand vaguely across our breasts. “But if you ever need any help, you know that you can just ask.”

“That’s very kind of you to say, Jim - but I think we’re good together,” Leslie said, giving me a significant look. I had to look down to avoid laughing. It didn’t help to see that the front of Leslie’s skirt was dripping.

“You make a good team!" Jim confirmed. “Keep it up.”

“Oh, we will,” we chorused. I sighed deeply, knowing that I’d got myself into a sticky situation with Leslie - one which I wasn’t sure I was entirely comfortable with. A relationship with my boss - the secret lesbian with a watersports fetish? That could get very sticky indeed. But the excited knot in my belly told me that it might be fun to get caught in that particular sticky situation.

The story continues...

Excerpt from Pee Perverts: Wet at Work 2

It’s amazing how quickly things change. One day - that was all it had taken for my life to be turned on its head, for everything that I thought I knew about my boss to be proved wrong. I tossed another skirt and top onto the growing pile of rejected clothes on my bed. I’d never given much thought to what I wore to work - not too sexy, not too cheap - that was about it. I just tried to look smart and professional.

Now I had other considerations. The green dress which showed some cleavage, enough to be a teaser but not too much, which had previously been perfect for work, now wouldn’t do. It changed colour dramatically when it got wet and there was a very high likelihood that it’d be getting wet at work. Perhaps it’d be my urine which would spread out through the material, but just as likely, it’d be that of my boss, Leslie.

I felt the excited knot grow inside me as I thought about Leslie’s warm jet of urine playing over my body. A bare few hours ago, the idea would have thoroughly shocked and disgusted me; now what was running through my head was a fantasy -but it was based on memory. A day at work which had changed me forever. My boss had exposed herself as a lesbian, and not only that, she had demonstrated her watersport fetish in the most extreme ways.

I’d been thinking about that fetish. Pissing, for me, had been a bodily function - nothing more. Leslie had forever dispelled that notion. Leslie got off on piss and peeing and as a lesbian, she presumably got off on seeing women’s bodies the way I did when I saw a good looking bloke. A shiver of excitement coursed through me, ending in my loins. She had got off on seeing me. Leslie found me attractive, and she found sharing her watersport fantasies with me an enormous turn on. The amazing thing was, both Leslie’s lesbianism and her obsession with peeing had connected with something in me. Perhaps it had always been there, waiting to be awoken.
