The View

Author: Terri, March 1995

He watched as her head emerged from the cave of covers and she let her eyes wander lazily around the bedroom. His binoculars were focused perfectly on her and he sighed involuntarily at her early morning beauty. He followed her every move - her feline-like stretch, the way she tossed her head as if shaking away cobwebs, the swiftness with which she kicked away her confining blankets - and he was rewarded with a full view of her nakedness as she stood up from the bed to begin her Sunday morning.

She strode lithely to the window and surprised him by opening the windows outward and looking up towards the wakening sun. He moved quickly away from his window and waited for her to scream but several seconds passed and still the only sound he could hear was the pounding of his own heart. He glanced out his window again and there she was, 40 stories above the city, enjoying the warmth of the sun on her bare skin. From his bedroom on the 41st floor of the apartment building directly across from hers he was able to see into her bedroom and bathroom - a discovery he had made by accident on another glorious Sunday morning.

He had awakened that Sunday morning to the sound of birds singing - a sound he had heard little of since leaving his country home 2 months before. He went to his bedroom window straight away to locate the source of such beautiful music but he was unable to pinpoint the songbird's location. Grabbing his binoculars from their peg in his closet, he looked casually out the window until he had spotted the red bird. It was perched on the window sill of the apartment building directly across from his and he watched as the bird moved in time to its own song.

A sudden movement near the bird stole his attention and he found himself staring at the most beautiful woman he had ever seen - through her bathroom window! He watched as she ran her fingers through her hair and looked into the bathroom mirror. He admired the fullness of her body, the swell of her breasts and the roundness of her tummy. She had turned that morning towards her bathtub and the movement had roused him from his trance - at which point guilt and shame had set in and he had put his binoculars down and moved away from his own window. But her image would not leave his mind, the muscles in her arms and the tautness of the flesh of her sturdy calves.

He promised himself just one more look and he again focused the binoculars on her bathroom window. This time however, he was rewarded with a sight so arousing he could not break the spell. She stood facing him in her shower, the bath water running hot enough that he could see the steam rising up, and as she stood there her fingers were buried deep into the folds of her adequate cunt and a golden stream was arcing outward towards him. Her head was thrown back and her body quivered as the arc became stronger and when at last the gush had become a trickle he trembled as her fingers passed nimbly over her clitoris until her back arched, her lips formed a silent 'O' and her knees wobbled weakly.

His turgid cock poked through the opening of his shorts and demanded immediate attention following her display, and with only a few strokes he erupted violently into his hand. His arousal was barely quenched however, and with his cock still semi erect he unleashed a torrent of piss that drenched his shorts, ran in rivulets down his legs, and left him on the verge of another shuddering climax. He lifted the binoculars back to his eyes and admired her form as it emerged from the shower. He stroked his balls as she toweled off her heavy breasts and when she spread her legs to dry her cunt, he jacked himself vigorously to another orgasm.

Such was the beginning of his Sunday morning routine.

This Sunday found him peeking carefully at her as she absorbed the sun's warmth, her face raised in reverence of the golden orb. She brought her hands to her face and her fingertips traveled lightly on her skin, down to her neck, over her collar bones and eventually to her breasts. Her nipples responded immediately, hardening into priceless gems and reaching up for her touch. She thumbed them tenderly, teasing them until they ached and finally grasping them firmly between her fingers and pinching - lightly at first - until they became engorged and ready to be pinched and pulled with more force. By this time, his cock was jutting out straight in front of him and he was intoxicated with arousal.

Holding the binoculars with one hand, he stroked himself with the other - stopping when the urge to climax became too strong. As she tortured her nipples, he imagined himself there - his hands on her breasts, his lips on her lips, his cock nestled safely between her cunt lips and at that moment she thrust her hips forward and squeezed her legs together and as he watched, mesmerized by her, she started to piss. Because her legs were together the piss pooled at the base of her cunt before streaming down her legs. The glistening liquid flowed thickly at first but in her aroused state she moved her thighs back and forth, trapping her clitoris between her cunt lips, and the piss started flying about her.

Her climax close, she jammed her fingers into her cunt and tore at her piss soaked clit until the force of her orgasm threw her back to the bed. With her legs raised and her knees bent, he had a perfect view of her dripping cunt and her asshole, which was shiny from the piss creeping down onto it. The sight of her brought him to the edge of his own climax and he moved quickly to his bed where he lay face down and stroked himself against the sheets. His climax came quickly and as thick ropes of semen burst from his cock he imagined himself with his face buried between her legs.

He could almost feel the soft folds of her cunt as they embraced his face, his tongue sliding up and down against her clit with the aroma of her sex and her fresh piss firing his desire. His hands stroked her breasts and her fingers pulled at his hair and as he devoured her cunt she again released a torrent of piss onto his tongue and he, in turn, relaxed his bladder and reveled in the warmth of his own flow. He drifted back off to sleep with her image in his mind and her taste on his tongue.

When he awoke it was early afternoon. He moved to his window to look for her but her bedroom and bathroom were empty. Hoping she was home but in another room, he stripped the sheets from his bed and went back to look for her. Still the rooms were empty so he stepped into his own bathroom for a hot shower. His mind was still on her and as he replayed the morning in his head he felt the familiar pressure in his bladder. He went back into his bedroom and pulled on a pair of jeans. As the urgency in his bladder grew, he stepped back into the shower and started to piss. He watched carefully as a small spot appeared in his jeans, and his interest piqued as the spot grew larger and larger.

His cock was facing downward and to the left of his zipper so the spot grew larger down his left leg but when he pushed harder, a puddle welled up and was quickly absorbed by the material on the right of the zipper. He placed his hand over his cock and rubbed gently as the piss poured through his fingers. He felt his cock stiffen and as his arousal built he brought his fingers to his lips and tasted his own sweet piss. By now his jeans were drenched and his cock was hard so he peeled the wet pants off and kicked them to the other side of the bathroom. He turned on the hot water in the shower and let it beat down on his back while he soaped up his cock. It felt good in his hand - his thick, meaty cock with its uncut foreskin and bulbous head - and as he ran his hand up and down its length he thought about the woman.

She adjusted the site on her binoculars so she could see him better through the steam of his shower. A floor below him, it was more difficult for her to catch a glimpse of him than it was for him to watch her. His mirrored bathroom was the only means by which she could see him in action and luckily for her, right now he was very busy. She had watched him standing in the shower in his jeans and she imagined that he was filling them with his piss. The light from his bathroom cast an annoying glare so she was unable to see everything he did, but what she was unable to see, her imagination filled in for her. She studied him as he stroked himself, long, slow strokes followed by a series of short, quick ones.

She wondered if he was thinking of her as he masturbated as she thought of him when she touched herself. She felt a wetness there now between her legs and her fingers made their way quickly to her pleasure point. She could see him stroking faster now, and she met his rhythm with her own. Soon she felt the familiar stirrings of her impending orgasm and when she saw him throw his head back and the first splash of his semen hit the shower wall she gave in to her own climax and rode it like it would never end.

Her eyes glazed over but the binoculars never left her hand and when the waves of pleasure finally released her she put her eyes back up to the eyepieces and found, staring back at her, the smiling face of her admirer. Blushing, she contemplated running away to hide but the irony of the situation appealed to her so she held up a finger to him indicating she'd be right back and she disappeared from his view. A few minutes later she returned and as he watched her through the binoculars she held up a sign that read:

"Apt. 4024. No binoculars. Wear jeans."

Sunday morning was never the same for either of them.

