A New World…

Author: ppPanties (1999-01-02 at 20:49)

Yes… A whole new world had recently opened up to me. A world free of guilt and doubt, and filled with pleasure and a sense of freedom. I’m sure there are many of you out there who know exactly what I mean and can relate. Wetting myself, and playing with myself while I do (it’s always been a major turn on), is something I’ve done for a long time. But I did it rarely, because I thought I was weird or some sort of oddity, and guilt would get in the way of enjoying it the way I know I now can. I can’t tell you how excited, and relieved, I was to find out I’m not so weird after all, and that what I do is natural, and “normal”. Since my “coming out”, to a fellow wetter that is, I’ve enjoyed wetting with a whole new enthusiasm.

As before, I will often wait too long before I pee, i.e. sitting at my desk at work… until pee trickles out when I’m trying to walk to the restroom, or while shopping and there’s no restroom in site. I wiggle and squirm, and walk rather funny, and try to look inconspicuous. Sometimes I have to stop moving altogether, or I’m sure I’ll completely lose control if I take another step. I’ve frequently had wet panties before I’ve found a restroom. I’m soooo afraid I’ll have an accident and find myself standing in a puddle in the middle of the grocery store. On the other hand, I still get turned on, and love that risk and almost panic I feel, and that feeling of warm pee in my panties when a little spurts out, and even starts to run down my legs.

And now? Well let me just tell you… that in a few days I’ve done much laundry! One time, while wearing just panties, I went into the bathroom and just stood there and peed on the floor. Awesome! While I was peeing, I was playing with myself. WOW! what a feeling… and an orgasm that wouldn’t quit. Warm pee flowing through my fingers, and down my legs, and soaking my panties… and a big puddle on the floor. When I was done peeing (and recovering from that orgasm), I continued to touch myself and enjoy that warm, wet feeling. It required some clean up… but believe me, it was well worth it!

Later… I got a little brave. After reading some of your stories about public wetting, and seeing that beautiful, big wet spot on those jeans, I was surprisingly intrigued. I’m not sure I’d ever have the nerve to actually wet myself in public, but the idea is certainly worth entertaining for sometime in the future. I guess what I did was sort of a test run? I drank lots of water, and waited, and waited… and waited. I had to pee soooo badly… and from that point, I think I waited a few hours more. For a while, a long while, I sat, and squirmed, drank more water, then would get up and cross my legs, and hold myself, trying to keep from wetting myself before I was ready. It finally got so “bad” (ahhh yes… bad is good), that pee would squirt out and wet my hand through my light blue jeans… I almost had no control at all… no matter how hard I held myself.

At this point I went outside, to my back yard. I didn’t see anyone (and I didn’t care), but there are plenty of houses around, so someone could well have been looking out their window and have seen me. I could hardly walk, so finally I just let it go. What a rush! (that’s literally AND figuratively!) I thought I’d never stop peeing, and the wet spot on my jeans grew and grew and soaked right down to my ankles, leaving a puddle on the ground. I wanted to totally enjoy this experience of public (well sort of public) peeing in my clothes, so I didn’t touch myself until I was done. At first, just rubbing through my jeans, and then, while still outside, unzipped them and reached inside and started rubbing more vigorously through my panties, then finished the job when I went inside. Who knows, maybe some day I’ll get brave enough to venture out of the back yard. If that ever happens, I’ll be sure to share the experience with you all.

So sorry about the length of this saga… but I did so want to share my new freedom with fellow wetters. Hope you enjoyed.

