Accidents: A How-To Manual (part 1)

Author: Accidental Tourist (1996'05)

(The following is a continuing true account of my attempts to have deliberate bathroom accidents. I know that a deliberate accident is an oxymoron; nevertheless I have had some limited success in achieving this. If descriptions of peeing in one's pants bother you, or if you are a minor, please stop reading this now.)

Chapter 0: Introduction

I am a 40 year old man who enjoys having wet or poopy pants. I don't know why I enjoy this, I just do. I had a fairly normal upbringing, my parents were always kind and non-abusive, and they might have put only a small, excusable amount of pressure on me to become toilet trained, certainly an understandable thing to do, especially in the 1950s. For whatever reason, the training did not take; I am perfectly capable of controlling my bladder and bowels, but I do not regard such control as valuable in itself, only to avoid extra work in cleaning myself up and social ostracism.

But what really turns me on is not simply the wetness or poopiness -- in fact, I usually choose not to linger or sit around in wet or soiled clothing for very long after wetting or soiling them. Instead, what turns me on is the loss of control associated with having an accident.

This presents a dilemma. I have excellent bowel and bladder control. I don't really enjoy the discomfort of needing to hold it for long. The question then becomes, how to induce or at least simulate incontinence? How to have a deliberate accident?

I have had a number of opportunities in the last year to put myself in a position where I had to go, but couldn't due to my location or lack of facilities. In order to feel safe doing this, I needed to have the situation meet two other criteria as well: 1) No permanent urine or fecal damage to anything which might be difficult to replace, such as a carpet or a car seat. 2) Privacy -- no public accidents, or at least not accidents which would be noticeable by others around me.

And, in the end, I have managed to have several real, deliberate accidents in my pants, though not always in private and not always avoiding large messes which couldn't completely be cleaned up.

The following accounts are true; some names have been changed to protect the innocent.

Chapter 1: Sandusky Ohio to Indianapolis

I found myself in the position to drive, alone, from Sandusky Ohio to Denver Colorado. My wife and daughter were flying to Denver, and I was to bring the car. The situation looked promising. Especially alone a road like the Ohio turnpike, it is a major inconvenience to miss a rest area. You have to wait for the next one, or take the desperate measure of getting off at an exit (and paying the toll), searching out facilities, and then getting back on. One problem with this is that the rest areas are not very private, so that if my accident was noticeable, I'd have trouble getting somewhere where I could change pants afterwards. I figured I'd sit in the wet pants (I wasn't going to attempt a pooping accident) until I could exit the turnpike and find a secluded place to change.

On the morning when I started out, the first thing I did was to pee. I knew that at night my bladder stretches out to accommodate additional liquid, so that often my second pee of the day came hours after my first. I wanted to hasten the process of allowing my bladder to shrink back to normal, so I deliberated peed three times in the first hour I was up. I also drank three cups of coffee and two large glasses of water. After a leisurely breakfast, I set off.

I stopped at a convenience store and bought a box of large trash bags, some electrical tape and a Pepsi. I took two of the trash bags, cut them open into flat plastic sheets, and taped them together into a larger sheet. This I placed on the car seat, and stacked two large, thick bath towels on it. I drove toward the turnpike entrance, and stopped one last time at a gas station near there. I peed (I had to go) and filled up two quart water bottles. I knew I'd have to pee soon, as my bladder had accommodated itself to being emptied so often, and that the extra Pepsi and water would really test it. I got on the turnpike and began driving.

To my surprise I made it well past Toledo before I felt the first twinges of needing to go, but I had another 70 or so miles to cover before the Indiana state line. Dark clouds were forming in the west and severe thunderstorms were forecast. 

I passed the last rest area in Ohio and had to go pretty badly by this point. Then I began to lose my nerve, as I realized that I'd have to go through a tollbooth in my desperate state, and I didn't want to arouse the suspicions of any authority figures. For some reason, I decided to get off the Ohio turnpike at the last Ohio exit, rather than stay on the connector to the Indiana toll road.

I was really dancing at this point, the storm was building and I was driving along a little country road which paralleled the turnpike. I got to the town of Angola, IN when the storm hit full force. It was raining so hard that my windshield wipers were overwhelmed and I had to pull over.

Stopping the car was what really did it; somehow when I was driving I had to concentrate on that and so didn't have to pee so badly, but when I stopped the pressure became incredible. Just to relieve a little of it, I let a small amount of urine out, making a silver dollar sized wet spot on the front of my shorts. But I was technically still able to control myself, and I held on, and the storm cell passed enough that I was able to start driving again.

Soon I came to the entrance to I-69, which I was going to follow to Indianapolis. As soon as I got on I-69 I decided to give up; I don't know why. Maybe it was the disappointment at the relative ease of finding off ramps, and knowing that I could stop and pee anywhere. I was also soooo uncomfortable. I just relaxed and let the piss begin to flow out of me as I drove, and it flowed so long and hard that the seat cover got overwhelmed and it trickled onto the floor. I exited the interstate and found a secluded country road to pull off on to change my sopping shorts. But I felt dejected, because I my "accident" hadn't been accidental at all -- I had deliberately wet my pants. I had failed. 
