The Sensuality of Wet Sex

Author: Wendy (1998-11-09 at 18:18)

Chapter 16. The Lake
	
As the C.P. domeliner pulled into the station, Vanessa and I grabbed our backpacks and squeezed up the corridor to the exit. We could smell the difference as we waited at the door for the porter to drop the metal steps that reached to the platform. The air up here was dryer, cleaner and heavy with the pungent scent of cedar and pine. Unlike the terminal back in town, where all was a commotion of noise and movement, here we could see right across the platform into the woodsy station house. It was framed by the panorama of the Rockies, whose nearness was startling to a couple of city girls.

As we walked toward the building Vanessa told me that she hoped they had a clean rest room in there. (She had gone to the closet that passed for a toilet, on the train, only to return in unrelieved discomfort. I was getting up to go next, when she told me to forget it. The place was a complete mess and smelled worse than a port-a-pottie.)

So, as we crossed to the terminal, we both did the 'must wee soon' waddle…as unobtrusively as possible. Almost to the door we were overtaken by two, winded college aged guys. They ran up calling to us. We stopped and turned, surprised to be facing two strangers who seemed to know our names. Vanessa asked them if we knew them. The taller of the two said that Bill had sent them over to catch us before we disappeared into the terminal and bring us to the van. They even carried our packs for us.

The 'van' turned out to be mid-sixties vintage Volkswagen minibus. And there were already two other guys inside, waiting. There was a rack on top, to which the tall guy began lashing our packs. Inside was a calamity of unbelievable clutter. I could not picture how four more of us, plus Bill, could ever get in there! I felt a tug at the elbow of my sweater. It was Vanessa, reminding me that she needed to get to the Ladies Room. I was about to excuse us and accompany her there when Bill strode up. My heart puddled in my chest as he came around the bus and gave me a hug. I looked up into his eyes and fought down an urge to tell him that I was helplessly in love with him. (It would probably have embarrassed him in front of his friends and ruined our weekend.)

He asked how I was doing and I consciously pushed my breasts a little tighter into his chest and whispered, "just perfectly." Then he said that we'd better get on the road, as the camp spaces were taken first come - first serve. Vanessa and I were ushered into the center seat. The two gentlemen who carried our packs got in back next to another guy. Bill climbed into the driver's seat, where the last guy was occupying the right, front seat. As the engine caught Vanessa squirmed her bottom deeper into the seat and gave out a sotto voce sigh. I comforted her with the assurance that we would be in camp in no time. "As close as those mountains are, it can't be far."

We left the terminal and headed east along a highway that grew steeper and greener with each passing kilometer. We made small talk and met the guys crowded in amongst all that gear with us. As the minutes went by, I realized more and more that I was also in dire need of a place to pee. And Vanessa looked even more uncomfortable. Close to an hour later she was to the point that she could no longer sit still. Her hand was almost constantly between her tight-squeezed thighs and her expression was one of agony. I asked Bill how much longer to the campground. He said about an hour. She moaned out loud and plaintively. I asked if there would be some kind of rest rooms along the way. He said that he didn't know, but he doubted it.

Then he asked why I hadn't taken care of my problem back at the station. Vanessa nearly took his head off with the emotion she'd packed into her reply. She'd tried to, wanted to…now she was desperate, and, no way, could she wait another hour. Bill told her he'd pull in at the first place with a loo. She told him that, if he didn't want a flood in his vehicle, he'd better find a place to pull over near some bushes! Leonard, the guy next to Bill that had the map and was our navigator, said that there was a turn out not far ahead. He said that it was a place to put on chains for driving when the roads were icy, during winter snows. Maybe there would even be rest rooms there. Vanessa said, through clenched teeth, that it would be fine.

"About two KM," he told Bill. It was more like four, but we made it. Leo said, "sorry ladies, no rest rooms." It didn't mater. Vanessa was out of her seat and clawing at the unfamiliar latch on the bus door. Leo jumped out and immediately opened the middle door for us. Vanessa shot past him like a rocket and into the brush. As I was sliding over to exit and join her, I put my hand into a wet spot in the seat cushion, where she had been sitting. The physical reaction was so sudden and unexpected that I turned red. I was embarrassed for Vanessa…and really turned on, just knowing what I had my hand on. It also reminded me that I had to go very badly. As I straightened out of the bus I looked around for Vanessa.

She was nowhere to be found. I asked Leo where she'd gone. He just pointed in the direction of the brush and shrugged. So I headed that way. I was only a few feet into the cover when I heard the telltale sounds of desperately strong pissing. All I had to do was follow the sound and there she was, squatting behind a juniper with a huge stream flowing across the ground from between her feet. As I moved to join her, I stepped on a twig with a loud snap. She looked up with out even a hint of a bauble in her flow. (Had I been one of the guys, I'll bet she would not have stopped, either.)

There was no need for words. I just undid my pants and pulled them down as I squatted. I was peeing full force before I was all the way down, adding my own sounds and stream to her's. I guess I didn't realize just how badly I needed to go. The strength of my stream was such that it was splattering pee all over everything. My shoes, socks and cuffs were darkening; but I couldn't stop peeing. There was no hope of anything but total relief; and I surrendered to it. I had peed for nearly three-quarters of a minute by the time that Vanessa finally dribbled to a stop. It was such a wonderfully good, and vaguely sexy, feeling that I was completely lost in it, oblivious to all else, except a small regret at not bringing any paper from my pack.

I was even admiring the size of the monster puddle that formed where our personal ponds had come together in front of us. It was Vanessa that heard the guys approaching. They were talking and pushing through the brush in our direction. As she was straightening up to pull her Levis back into place, she saw them. She'd barely gotten her head above the bush and she was back down, like a spring. She whispered something about no privacy and I came back into the real world. I was about done peeing anyway, when I saw Vanessa put a single finger to her lips. The universal sign for silence. I looked up, more alert now. I could see no more than bushes, blue sky and some trees. But, I heard them.

Two, or more of the guys had stopped very close, to do the same as us. I could hear their piss spattering against a tree, and the sound gave me goose flesh. I looked over at Vanessa and she pointed to her right. Then I heard their voices. One was wondering how we could have disappeared so completely. Another speculated that the first guy just wanted to watch us. Yet another chimed in that he'd watch, too and so would they all. (So there were three guys near by, peeing. The thought was definitely tickling my nasty bone. As I attempted to rise enough to see if I could get a peek, I became aware of a new sensation. My calves were cramping. I would have to stand up soon. I was just leaning closer to Vanessa to whisper this news, when we heard more footsteps approaching.

"You fellows seen Wendy and Vanessa?" It was Bill. No, replied the others. We had just seemed to disappear. We heard zippers closing. They joked about how quickly Vanessa had left the van. Then we heard Leo say, "oh, a dry tree." (And I thought that only girls went to the loo in groups!) We heard two more zippers going down, then fresh pissing sounds and even a sigh. The last guy said he thought we might have gone into a small creek bed he'd seen as we parked. (The pain in my legs was magnifying and my muscles were beginning to twitch.) I leaned close to Vanessa and told her my problem. She was always the bolder of the two of us. She stood suddenly, pulling up her pants as she did.

It took the guys so completely by surprise that two of them yelled out. And she was up to the challenge of the moment. She yelped back in a totally convincing charade of being startled. She asked how they got so close without our seeing. Then she sternly told them all to look away, so I could get up like a lady. It was a painful struggle to stand and pull my panties up. And I saw a couple of them sneak peeks at my underwear, just before I could get my pants in place. Then I noticed where Vanessa was staring. It was at Bill and Leo, still at the tree and still trying to put things away.

I never realized until then what a queer little dance guys do when caught like that. Adding to my amusement was a spreading pee stain in the front of the Leo's pants. There was embarrassed and polite conversation as we went back into the bus and resumed our journey. I walked close behind Vanessa so the guys wouldn't see the dark area along the seam of her jeans. And, no one noticed, or at least mentioned, the wet spot where Vanessa has sat. Back on the road the only change within the bus was the seating arrangement. I had held back, purposely, and let Vanessa enter first. This way she had the far window seat and I got to sit on her wet spot. She was aware of the spot and tried to point it out to me, not realizing (for a few seconds) that I wanted to sit there.

True to his word, Bill had us at the campground on the lake in a little less than an hour. There were four or five other car (and truck) loads of Bill's college friends either waiting there for us, or which arrived shortly behind us. I breathed a silent prayer of thanks when other women arrived. I dreaded the idea that Vanessa and I would be the only females among all those guys. Funny thing, I got the impression that Vanessa felt quite the opposite. She seemed altogether comfortable swimming around in all that testosterone. Sure enough the campsites on the water were all occupied. But we found a nice spot on a hill overlooking the campground. From there we could see much more of the lake and the surrounding mountains. I thought it superior to the sites down below.

I guess it was just the ones who brought canoes (and a catamaran) who wished they were closer. It took nearly an hour to get things laid out and organized. During that period a couple of the other girls came over and said that they had a giant tent that was 'Ladies' only. It would sleep twelve, but there were only a total, including Vanessa and I, of seven in camp. We would be welcome to move our stuff in there and join them. We declined politely but promised to drop in for some girl talk, later. Then I decided to walk around and familiarize myself with the surroundings.

About a hundred meters down a footpath was one of those concrete and wood outhouses, the kind with a single toilet for the men , on one side and one for women on the other. They were just plastic seats on metal tubes, over tanks of chemicals. I decided to make use of the ladies side. As I approached, a young girl came out of the bushes next to the structure, carrying a role of toilet paper. I had my hand on the door handle when she warned me that I'd probably prefer the bushes. I thought that I was pretty strong and that there were just too many people around to go 'au natural', so I opened the door. Instant regret is all I can say. The smell was enough to gag a corpse.

And, like many public ladies rooms, the seat and sides of the 'toilet' (even the floor) were awash in sprayed piss. No one ever wants to sit on one of those. So they hover above it and go like crazy, in order to escape the place as soon as possible. I went behind the bushes and found that probably every woman in the site had been going there. The ground was damp everywhere; and bits of paper were scattered all around. I checked to make sure I was alone and squatted to do my thing. For the second time that day I was peeing without benefit of paper. I resolved to carry paper with me from then on, whenever I was out in the woods.

Back in camp I found Vanessa, with the other women, and told them about the 'facilities'. They giggled and pointed down hill toward the lower campground. There was a full-sized building there with windows and lights and everything. It was the showers (real running water), and there was flushing toilets and sinks too. There was a footpath leading right down to it and the distance was not quite twice that to the toilets from hell. We all laughed. Then I looked around. I'd been gone but fifteen minutes, or so, and the place had really come together. There was even a fire beginning to build near the picnic benches at the center. And among it all I could see Bill, giving directions and helping people get things done.

I watched him intently during that time. He was obviously well acquainted with the out doors and camping. He was also an obvious and accepted leader among his peers. I was feeling somehow proud (of myself, I guess) for being asked to be there, by him. Good old (observant) Vanessa sat down next to me and whispered, in a little girl's high-pitched voice…(but without too much sarcasm), "my hero!" I tried to jab her in the side, but she dodged away. Then I went back to assembling our 3-man dome tent. By the time all was livable and supper was on the fire, the sun was setting behind us. Its fading rays cast the mountains across the lake in a gaudy display of oranges and purples. It was perfectly breathtaking. I stood at the edge of camp, where the ground fell off toward the lower campground and the lake, marveling at the beauty and peace that this place inspired.

Bill, who'd been quite busy until now, came up behind me and put his jacket over my shoulders, then he wrapped his arms around me. He told me how quickly things cooled down here as soon as the sun is set. I snuggled into his embrace and said thanks. We stayed like that, barely speaking, until the sky went from dark blue to purple to black. Suddenly, it seemed, there were millions of stars twinkling with unbelievable clarity and brightness. I was actually startled at the shortness of the transition from day to night. It was like a curtain going up on an unreal spectacle. Bill must have sensed my awe. He told me that, although he has been seeing it most of his life, it still stirs him.

After our communal meal we all sat by a roaring fire and talked for what seemed like hours. Bill and I cuddled, sharing warmth and whispers. Among the camp supplies were a few three-liter jugs of table wine. I'm not sure how many coolers there were; but they all seemed full of beer. There was even a guitar and some singing. Then it was time to turn in. I went into the tent and got my 'goodie' bag from the pack and went to the rest rooms/showers with Vanessa and a couple of the other girls to prepare for bed. Inside, sure enough, all was light and relatively clean. And there was a long cue for the three toilet stalls.

As I brushed out my hair and cleaned my teeth, I listened to the small talk. Vanessa and the other girls were comparing notes on the guys. We were out numbered by better than three to one, so there was lots to chat up. I also was aware of the sounds of girls and women peeing. (Now normally, even considering my love of pee play, I am oblivious to the activities in public rest rooms. I usually have to be thinking about something to do with sex before pee is a turn-on for me…not the other way around. But that night was different.)

Each time a new stream started hitting the water, or porcelain (some ladies are demure and scoot forward to keep from making uncouth splashing sounds), I would get a little shiver and want to do something nasty. Then it finally hit me just how horny I was. I thought about Bill immediately and felt a flash of warmth flow through me. Then I realized that we were sleeping in separate tents and I'd have to wait at least until tomorrow to rearrange things somehow so we could be together. I looked over to Vanessa and felt similar, if not so intense warmth and wondered if she would be receptive tonight. On the way back I thought I caught a figure in the beam of my flashlight, rushing away from our tent. I am sure that Vanessa saw him too; but she acted as if nothing had happened.

I was curious and not a little miffed. Not until I got to the entrance of our tent did I notice that Vanessa had stopped short and was talking with one of the women outside the 'girl's' tent. I turned and shined the flashlight into our tent, half expecting some sort of sophomoric prank. What I saw was stranger. My stuff was all there just as I had left it. But Vanessa's gear was all missing and there was someone else's stuff in its place. I tossed my 'goodie' bag in and turned back to face the campsite. Vanessa was gone. In fact damned near everybody was gone into his or her tents. I wanted someone to confront. Then it dawned on me and I felt the fool. I crawled into the tent and reached to open the foreign backpack.

I was going to see if my suspicions were correct. I figured that something in there would identify its owner. I froze in my tracks. There was something more wrong with the tent. It was my sleeping bag. I had left it partially zipped open and ready to enter. Now it was completely unzipped and laid flat over another bag that was open and facing up. This was meant for only one sleeping arrangement and I was sure who had arranged it. That Vanessa was in on it did not surprise me. What bothered me was that no one had even bothered to ask me if I wanted this. (Of course I did!) But I was still a little, justifiably, pissed. And, I'd have to make that someone squirm for a while, before I cuddled up into his lovingly strong arms.
