My story - Part 1

Author: Chris Wet (1997'05) f P#081

I should start off with a little personal history. My name is Chris I am a white male of average weight, about six feet tall. I am recently divorced, and have not gotten back into the dating scene again much. My ex "Julie", was a great person and we got along great in the bedroom, we just didn't click in other areas-mainly reality and finances.

I started realizing my attraction to peeing at the age of 12 and 13. A good friend of mine had traded his older cousin something for a steamer trunk full of dirty magazines. I remember reading the letters sections of the magazines for stories about girls wetting their pants or playing golden showers. A few of the magazines even had pictures! After he and I drifted apart, I would always keep my eyes out for such items at the newsstands.

I purchased a few small letter type magazines while on vacation with my family that year, mom found some of my favorites (under my mattress) and let me know that she threw them into the trash! At least she didn't have a clue to what I was interested in - not the bondage shots or the lesbians or dildos and BJ's- it was the far and few between articles about girls desperation and accidents that I read over and over, while learning how to masturbate. The first real girl peeing, I remember, was our next door neighbor, she was about one year younger than me.

One day with two of my buddies we went to her yard to play and she had a small swimming pool in the yard. We all were sitting in it when she announced of her need to pee. Then she spread her legs apart and I remember watching the water around her crotch turn a cloudy yellow. I was hooked but the other two guys jumped out screaming "Gross", I followed suite with them, peer pressure was more powerful than my libido back then. She sometime later asked me if I ever peed in the bath tub, I told her no, but eventually, I tried it out - and liked it. I peed into my washcloth as I held it against me like a diaper. She was subtly planting the watersport seed into my imagination.

Then right before high school began, my parents invited her to come skiing with us, as she was pretty good friends with my younger sister. The first night she wet the bed. I remember my mom saying something about it to my sister. I never got too see the wet sheets or her in her night shirt, but I did see the large wet stain on the mattress as my mother dried it out during the day. I must confess that I never wet the bed as a child nor did my sister, so wetting doesn't run in our family as far as I know.

During high school I began dating, and had some close calls with seeing girls have accidents, but never saw a wetting just a lot of desperation, on the school bus, at beer parties, while cruising around. I did see several girlfriends pee outside, but they never gave it much of a thought. On of the best times, I had taken my then current girlfriend to a party, she talked me into going across town to another party and picking up some of her friends from a different school and bringing them back to our party.

I agreed, and after picking them up they all began telling me to hurry up as they had to pee really bad, the party they had been at had only one bathroom - for over 100 kids drinking beer. They were pretty desperate, evident by the way they held themselves and kept moaning about it! A car full of 4 desperate to pee cute teenagers, I almost came in my pants, I did manage to get to the party without incident, but years later found out that my girlfriend had ended up peeing on the floor of the bathroom as one friend was in the tub, one on the toilet and the other at the sink. I guess they really did all have to go.

The same girlfriend and I would go on walks and often she would want to return home early as she inevitably had to pee. I tried to get her to either just wet her shorts while sitting or pull them aside and pee on the grass at the park, but she always refused. Once at a movie "Gremlins" I remember, she whispered to me as the credits were rolling, that she couldn't stand up she had to pee so bad she would "wet her pants" if she did. I didn't know what to say to that, but ended up encouraging her that she could make it to the bathrooms down the hall. As we began to leave an usher told us we had to leave through the exit doors inside the theater, as it was the last showing. She pleaded her case to him and damn if he didn't let her go. Oh well at least she had a small wet patch at her crotch, I didn't say anything to her as I knew how she felt about peeing. I do remember a very hot petting session that night.

I dated many girls and never could steer the conversation around to peeing subjects, I suppose I never had the nerve or was always afraid I was pretty un-normal and the girl might freak out and tell everyone what a freak I was. I finally got the courage to tell my ex-wife before we were married, she thought I was a bit odd but agreed to try it out for me as she loved me and wanted to make our love life totally satisfying, which I must admit she always did.

I have seen many desperate ladies in my life, probably more than most. I worked as a support technician on rock concert tours for major arena acts. I was free during the show most of the time, and always seemed to find myself drawn toward the long lines at the bathrooms. I have many fantastic memories that I can replay in my head of girls struggling with the call of nature amongst hundreds of others all in the same state, each lady hoping for that free cubicle or port-a-let.

I also saw many girls go behind the portables and pull down their clothing and just squat, not caring who saw them, it was better than soaking themselves at that point, I suppose. I never witnessed an accident happening but did see many wet crotches and pant legs after the fact. At outdoor shows after it rains almost everyone sitting on the hill on the grass, would have soaked pant seats, I often wondered how many just peed their pants since no one could tell anyways? I do know that the bathroom lines were never as long on those nights. Granted I didn't see as much restroom watching, seems whenever it rains at an outdoor concert, equipment keeps breaking down, so I worked during the shows most of the time.

While Julie (my now ex-wife) and I were dating I remember the first time we slept together. We had come from seeing a friend play with his band at a bar, and were at my house, we were groping and grinding and beginning to strip each others clothes off, when Julie said "stop or you'll make me piss my pants". With that she pushed away from me and ran to the bathroom, returning naked and informing me that she had just put her diaphragm in and wanted me right NOW!

The next time she had an incident, we had driven down to the beach and were coming home late and had purchased a few large coffees, she started to squirm as we had not passed a place for her to go in a while. Julie told me to hurry and find the next exit, I did and there was a gas station ahead, good luck (for me) the restroom had an out of order sign taped to the door, back in the car she was getting bad now, crossing her legs and holding herself while sitting in the car. I drove about 1/4 mile down to the next gas station, same thing! I thought she would surely soak herself now. Julie was already commenting about doing just that and reaching for a towel in the back seat.

I pulled into the next station and right up to the restroom doors. Julie got out of the car and moved forward about five feet when the dam burst she stood still for about 15 seconds as her overfull bladder won out and emptied itself through her swimsuit and her tight black cotton shorts and finally down her long tanned legs and into a growing puddle. Quickly, she pulled the towel back over her seat and jumped back into the car, Julie was shaking, flushed red and looked as if she was about to burst into tears.

I had been unknowingly rubbing my now ragging hard-on through my swim shorts. Julie began to smile and asked what that was all about, as she pointed to my hand on my crotch. I began to tell her of my fantasy and how much it turned me on to know that she was really desperate to pee and nearly wetting herself. Julie thought it was a bit odd but did admit to feeling full was stimulating in a way to her. I asked if she would repeat the events for me, Julie only said she'd think about it.

Several weeks later we were watching a movie on my leather couch. Julie said "I have to pee". I began to move to let her get up but she only pulled me back down on top of her and kissed me hard for a few minutes. "I thought you had to go to the bathroom?" I asked her. "I do but I don't want to stop, maybe I'll just go here", she answered back. With that I felt a warm sensation surround my thigh. She was wetting her jeans as she kissed me, my hands slipped down under her ass and into a warm lake of her own making. I was in heaven, we had the best sex we ever had that night!

She later told me that she had been doing a lot of thinking about our discussion after her accident, and she had begun to warm to the idea of being on the edge of loosing control. She also told me that she had held off going to the bathroom as usual, but waiting until really desperate a lot over the past week, and she found between the warmth, and constant squirming keeping her aroused, she kept imagining me watching her and that it was how turned on I got was in direct proportion to her bladder limit stretching.

She said every time she had to pee since that day, she thought of how sexy it had made me, by watching her. Julie asked me to tell her more about this new turn on. I slowly began showing Julie my collection of magazines, (she suggested I create a database to track where all of the pee stories were in each issue and on what page), I didn't want to overwhelm her by all of them at once, and I began to show her videos I had purchased over the years. Julie wasn't as turned on by the videos as I was, I think that she preferred that I only look at her. I turned her on to Patches Place, and Thomas' Water Resources web sites, Julie enjoyed reading the stories at them. I never could get Julie to pose for wet pictures or videos, even if her face wasn't in the shot. One thing I wish I had from that relationship would be; photo sets and videos of Julie desperate and wetting mostly her jeans, or tights. Oh well maybe the next lady I meet, and enjoy the pleasures of wet sex, won't feel that way.

###

I am always interested in exchanging life experiences with other like minded individuals. I am also interested in corresponding with females from all over who like to play "hold it", desperation and wetting games. I am looking forward to filling a void in my life since my divorce, and here is as good as any forum to advertise my self in. Write me for fun and intrigue, you never know!

