The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (27-31)

Posted by Aquavite (1997’04)

Number twenty seven

Dear Aquavite

Its been such a long time since I wrote to you. Yes I’ve been a little naughty and I’m sorry for not writing sooner but I haven’t had too much to write about until today because I was a little naughty in another way. I had a mini-accident in the parking structure after lunch and if I hadn’t hurried to the little girls room it would have been a major accident! Anyway it made me think of you and that I hadn’t written to you in so long.

I was driving back from having lunch with a friend at a small Mexican restaurant and I knew I’d better go to the little girls room before we left but it was one of those places that have only one bathroom for both men and girls and I walked in and it was gross so I figured I would just go back to the office and go there. But when I finally parked I had to go so bad. I was trying to hold it and hurry at the same time but that never seems to work. Then right there in the parking structure I felt myself starting to go in my panties. (I’m wearing a loose fitting short aqua silk dress today with white silk panties and white thigh highs – its still not quite warm enough to wear a short dress by itself but hopefully soon).

Anyway, I started going so I stopped to try and control it. I was able to stop it and then I hurried into the lobby and then I had to wait for an elevator. The elevator came and I got in and then I felt myself going again. This time it was harder to control and all these people were around me in the elevator. I had to put my hand between my legs through my dress and try not to look at people but I’m sure some of them were looking at me. Then we got to my floor and I got out and hurried to the little girls room and as I was hurryring I started again but this time I didn’t stop to try and control it because I was almost there and I don’t know if I could’ve anyway. I got to the stall and closed the door, lifted my dress and quickly put my hand back between my legs and sat down.

I couldn’t believe how wet my panties had already gotten. Then I saw that my dress was wet where my hand had been which really upset me. But I was still going so I quickly slipped my panties off and finished going. Then I had to pat dry my panties with toilet paper and try to get the wet stain out from my dress. Its still a little noticeable but nobody asked me about it. Lucky for me Dave is out of town starting tonight so I won’t have to worry about him finding out. Other than that I’ve had just a few dribbles here and there but nothing very interesting.

So how are you and how is Sara? Have you heard from Joanne? I hope your doing well and sorry again for not writing sooner.

I better go because my boss is back from his meeting.

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Number twenty seven Date: Fri, 31 Jan 1997

Dear Aqua,

I was just about to leave for the day and I wanted to check if you’d written and I found your letter. It was so nice to hear from you again. It seems like its been so long. I read your letter and I loved it so I wanted to write you back quickly before leaving for the weekend. But this will probably have to be short.

I loved the story about Sara at the party. I loved that so many guys were getting turned on because they could see her white panties. If only she hadn’t worn pantyhose it would’ve been even better. Dave never lets me wear pantyhose because he doesn’t want anything covering my panties. At fancy events I’ll wear thigh-highs which he likes but he won’t let me ever wear pantyhose and I don’t like them anyway. But I thought that was so cute and adorable especially because she didn’t even know her panties were showing that much and all the guys could see. Thats so cute! Thats one of the things I love about being a girl because little things like that can happen without you even knowing it and all the guys can get turned on without you even trying. She was just sitting there being herself not even knowing that her panties were showing but all the guys could see them and they were getting turned on. I think thats so cute!

I sure the times you’ve seen a girls panties up her skirt and they looked damp it was from her dribbling or maybe she had a mini accident. I guess it could be from being turned on or it being hot but that a different type of dampness. Its hard to explain but even though most girls don’t have as bad a wetting problem as me or Sara or Joanne, I think everyone dribbles at least a little.

Oh I felt so bad for Joanne. I can’t believe she had another major accident! At first I was wondering if she pulled her panties down or decided to keep them on when she first went behind the bush to pee because she was in a public place and imagine if her son hadn’t seen the people coming. Then they would have seen her naked which I think is alot worse then if she just kept her panties on and just went in them. But she probably thought it was totally safe so she took them off which makes sense. But I know how she must’ve felt because she was going but she had to pull her panties and shorts up and once you start going like that its impossible to stop.

Poor poor Joanne!! Sometimes I think she has the worst luck! But I guess she’s lucky her son warned her about the people and they didn’t see her naked. That would have been much worse. And I kinda wished they had at least seen her panties because that would’ve been real cute. See if she had just been carrying an extra pair of panties with her in her purse she could’ve gone behind the bush, taken her shorts off and just gone in her panties and then when the couple walked by she wouldn’t have had to pull her shorts and panties back up because its not like she wouldn’t have been naked.

And besides I’m sure the other girl would’ve understood Joanne wetting her panties like that but I’m sure Joanne paniced because she was naked and they were coming. Anyway then they could’ve gone back the where they were staying and is she was wearing a long enough t-shirt she wouldn’t even have to put her shorts back on over her wet panties on the way back. Or she could’ve just waited for the couple to leave and then she could’ve put on her other pair of panties and finished the hike. That way her shorts, socks, and shoes wouldn’t have gotten wet. But things don’t always work out like you wish they would. Poor Joanne.

I better go. Have a great weekend.

Debbie

###

Number twenty eight Feb 12, 1997

Dear Aqua,

I just wanted to let you know that your story about Sara made me act a little naughty this weekend. No I didn’t have an accident because I don’t think I could purposely be that naughty. But Saturday morning I forgot that the diswasher repair man ws coming at 8:30. Dave was in the shower and I had just gotten up and used the toilet and I walked in to the kitchen wearing just my white night shirt (short and kinda see through) and panties (white with flowers). When I saw him laying on the floor fixing the dishwasher I first thought to go back and put my robe on but then I thought no I’m gonna be like Sara and maybe accidently let him see my panties in an innocent way and lets see if he notices.

I was kinda nervous so I said hello and asked him to let me know if I was in his way. Then I decided to make coffee and the coffee machine is on the counter fight above where he was working. So I leaned over a little and put the filter in and the coffee and water in the then I had to walk around him the get the mugs hanging up on his other side. The whole time I was nervous because he was on his back on the floor but I wasn’t sure if he was even noticing me. Then I walked back to the coffee machine and leaned over the counter again and put cream and sugar in the mugs. Then I turned around and I think I saw him looking up at me so he must’ve been looking.

So then I started to feel a little nervous so guilty so I hopped up on the counter and started talking to him. He seemed really nice and asked alot about me and he even said my night shirt was really pretty so I think he definitely noticed. Then when the coffee was done I poured him a cup and gave it to him and then one for me and then I turned around and opened the paper on the counter and leaned over a little more and started reading it and sipping my coffee. I don’t even remember what I read because I knew he could probably see my panties and I was getting turned on in a nervous kind of way.

But I stayed that way for the next 5-10 minutes and then Dave walked in after taking his shower so I turned around and reached up to give him a good morning hug and kiss and he slid his hand under my night shirt an up over my panties. I went back to reading the paper and I could tell that my night shirt had ridden up alot. Then Dave asked the guy “So how does she look?” and he meant the dishwasher not me but the guy said “Pretty good from here” and then nothing ws said for a while so knew he was talking about me not the dishwasher like Dave asked. Then Dave asked about the dishwasher and they talked about it and I asked to be excused and went to take a shower.

In the bathroom I looked in the mirror and even leaned over a little to see if my panties were showing and you could see even more than I thought! I felt gulity, naughty, and turned on all at the same time! After my shower as I was getting dressed Dave asked me if I knew the dishwasher guy could see my panties when I was reading the paper and I acted embarrassed and pretended not to know. And I asked if he meant he could see them through my night shirt and he said not only that but that my night shirt was half way up my bottom and that he could see them as soon as he walked into the kitchen after his shower.

So I apologized and acted really embarrassed but he put his arms around me and said not to apologize and thats why he loves me becasue I can be sexy like that without even knowing it and he thought I looked great reading the paper and he’s glad that the dishwasher guy was checking me out like that which made me smile to hear all that. I love Dave because he likes all that about me. And he also said something like I can be such a little girl which sometimes he hates and sometimes he loves. I thought that was interesting because I think its true about him.

So that was my Saturday morning.

Its like summer here today!! I’m wearing one of my favorite outfits. I call it my schoolgirl outfit because it looks alot like the uniform I used to wear in highschool. Its a short white top and a short pelated skirt thats plaid and looks like a Catholic school uniform skirt. Dave bought it for me a few years ago and he likes me in it alot. I also seem to always get lots of complements when I wear it from other people. Its probably the shortest skirt that I can wear to the office and feel safe. But its not as short as my tennis skirts or some other skirts I have. Oh and since I know your wondering, I’m wearing white silk panties underneathe.

I better go. Has anything like what happened with me with the dishwasher guy ever happened to Sara?

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Number twenty nine Feb 21, 1997

Dear Aqua,

Its been too long time since I wrote to you. Yes I’ve been a little naughty and I’m sorry for not writing sooner but I haven’t had too much to write about until today because I was a little naughty in another way. I had a mini-accident in the parking structure after lunch and if I hadn’t hurried to the little girls room it would have been a major accident! Anyway it made me think of you and that I hadn’t written to you in so long.

I was driving back from having lunch with a friend at a small Mexican restaurant and I knew I’d better go to the little girls room before we left but it was one of those places that have only one bathroom for both men and girls and I walked in and it was gross so I figured I would just go back to the office and go there. But when I finally parked I had to go so bad. I was trying to hold it and hurry at the same time but that never seems to work. Then right there in the parking structure I felt myself starting to go in my panties. (I’m wearing a loose fitting short aqua silk dress today with white silk panties and white thigh highs – its still not quite warm enough to wear a short dress by itself but hopefully soon).

Anyway, I started going so I stopped to try and control it. I was able to stop it and then I hurried into the lobby and then I had to wait for an elevator. The elevator came and I got in and then I felt myself going again. This time it was harder to control and all these people were around me in the elevator. I had to put my hand between my legs through my dress and try not to look at people but I’m sure some of them were looking at me. Then we got to my floor and I got out and hurried to the little girls room and as I was hurryring I started again but this time I didn’t stop to try and control it because I was almost there and I don’t know if I could’ve anyway.

I got to the stall and closed the door, lifted my dress and quickly put my hand back between my legs and sat down. I couldn’t believe how wet my panties had already gotten. Then I saw that my dress was wet where my hand had been which really upset me. But I was still going so I quickly slipped my panties off and finished going. Then I had to pat dry my panties with toilet paper and try to get the wet stain out from my dress. Its still a little noticeable but nobody asked me about it. Lucky for me Dave is out of town starting tonight so I won’t have to worry about him finding out. Other than that I’ve had just a few dribbles here and there but nothing very interesting.

So how are you and how is Sara? Have you heard from Joanne? I hope your doing well and sorry again for not writing sooner.

I better go because my boss is back from his meeting.

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Number thirty March 3, 1997

Dear Aqua,

Hi! How are you? Sorry I haven’t written but guess what? About half an hour ago I had a pretty bad accident and as I was in the little girls room I thought to myself that its been too long since I wrote to you and I’m sure you’ll want to hear about this.

I was at my desk typing a letter for my boss and I knew I had to go pretty bad but he was waiting for this and I figured I’d better finish it first. And I only had about 5 more minutes to go so I figured I could just hold it. Luckily its really hot today down here so I’m wearing a short black skirt and white silk panties underneathe (nothing really exciting). So I was trying to finish the letter when I could tell that I really had to go so I really concentrated on holding it but that only worked for a little while because a few seconds later I felt myself going. At first I wasn’t very worried because I figured it was just a mini accident and I knew my panties were wet but probably just a little.

So I kept typing and then I started going again and thats when I knew I better go to the little girls room. So I got up and poked my head in my bosses office and told him I have to go to the little girl room but he asked if the letter was done and I said almost and he asked if I could first print out a draft and give it to him. Of course I said yes so I then hurried back to my desk and hit print and waited for it to print. As I was waiting I started going again and I knew I was now in trouble. I was waiting with my legs crossed and my hand between my legs and I could feel my panties getting wetter.

Finally it finished printing so I quickly grabbed the letter and hurried back to my bosses office but he was on the phone so I went in. But I couldn’t stand there infront of him with my legs crossed and my hand between my lets so I had to stand there normally and thats when I really started going. I waited until he saw me and then I handed it to him and told him I’d be back in a second. Then I hurried to the little girls room which is on the other side of the floor but it was really to late. I could already feel it running down my legs. I was almost there but then I could tell my panties were full because I could hear it dripping on the carpet and then on the tile floor when I ran inside! Then I ran in the stall, closed the door and lifted my skirt and sat down and just started crying.

My panties were soaked so there was no point in taking them off so I just finished going like that. There was another girl there but I didn’t know her. I’m sure she saw everything and must’ve heard me crying and she asked me if I was OK and if theres anything she could do which I thought was really sweet. I said thanks but that I’d be fine. Then she left but I heard another girl come in and they were whispering and then one or both of them started gigling so I’m sure they were laughing at me wetting myself. After I finished going I tried my best to dry my panties with toilet paper but that never really seems to work. Then I remembered about my boss so I got dressed and washed my hands and tried to wipe my tears and then went back to his office. He saw me and asked if everything was OK and I nodded yes and then he went over changes in the letter.

I sat back down at my desk and had to bunch my skirt up in back so it wouldn’t get wet from my panties and then I finished the letter. My panties are still really wet and unfortunately I haven’t been bringing a clean pair with me in my purse because I’m just to lazy. So this is what I get for being lazy. Now my biggest worry is getting home in time to wash them out and change so that Dave doesn’t find out. I’m just praying that my boss doesn’t need me to stay late tonight or that Dave doesn’t get home extra early.

So thats what happened and I thought I’d tell you about it. So how are you and hows Sara? Has she had anymore accidents or has Joanne? I hope neither of them has had to go through what just happened to me. Have you been showing Sara off anywhere lately. I love hearing all the stories about how you show her off like the time she fell asleep on the couch and you lifted her dress so everyone could see her cute panties. If I were with you instead of Sara I’d let you dress me everyday liek in your story about us going to the beach and I’d let you show me off however you wanted to (as long as it wasn’t naked.) Then I’d let you undress me at night and tuck me into bed. You’d like that wouldn’t you?

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Number thirty one March 29, 1997

Dear Aqua,

I’m glad to hear Joanne has only had a few dribbles. Thats pretty normal. Lucky for her she hasn’t been like poor Sara! I hope Sara hasn’t had anymore accidents. And I think thats great that Sara exercises in just her panties and top. Thats so cute. I bet she and I are really similar.

You know that I don’t really find wetting to be a big turn on but if I knew it turned on Dave like it turns on you then yes it would be a turn on for me. One of the things that turns me on the most is knowing that Dave or maybe another guy who’s watching me is getting turned on by whatever I’m doing. I love knowing that I’m turning on guys! I guess its my way of having a little power instead of always being the submissive one.

I don’t know what fantasy to tell you!! I’m not good at that kind of thing. But all I know is that if I were with you and I loved you like I love Dave then I’d do anything you ask me to just to please you and enjoy watching you get turned on. I really mean it. I love knowing that he’s happy with me and that I can still turn him on. So if it were you instead then I’d do whatever you want me to. And since I think you like desperation, I could make it a real accident by trying to hold it to long (which wouldn’t be to hard for me).

And since you like other people knowing I would do it in public for you. And you’d probably want cotton panties and want me to wear them wet the rest of the day right? But I wouldn’t do it in pants because thats to messy. I’d prefer to do it wearing a short skirt and no nylons. Or even in shorts and I’d just slip them off before going but pants are to messy. So I would just do it however you wanted me to. I guess thats how Sara and I are different. I don’t understand why she wouldn’t do that for you. Doesn’t she like turning you on?

You should be the one to come up with the fantasy because its your fantasy right? So you think of the fantasy. Whats your ultimate fantasy with me??

Bye, Debbie
