THE PATH BY THE BROOK
  (A MEANDERING FANTASY)
Author: William Abbott

This was one of my earliest desperation fantasy stories. I was still experimenting with the genre, learning to use descriptive prose the way an artist experiments with color.

Perhaps she is with me...no, I think today she is alone, walking around in a loose, light, billowy white summer dress, calf length, with buttons all down the front, and simple white canvas sneakers. Perhaps there is a diminutive handbag over one shoulder, hanging from a thin strap, out of the way and not very heavy. She has underpants but nothing else on underneath. The swell of her breasts does not show pink through the white cloth, but the contour of her nipples can be seen, and her breasts bounce and sway gently with each step. A button, or maybe two, have come undone without her noticing. Nothing outright scandalous, nothing that will mortify her when she discovers it, but enough to draw they eye and the imagination.

She is walking the grounds of a small college campus on a gorgeous day in June, the week after graduation. The students are gone, all the buildings are closed, but there are lots of people around anyway, out enjoying the sun and the breezy, flower-scented air.

She has had to pee for some time now. Perhaps she is in town to meet someone, has driven a half hour or more to get here. It is much too far to turn around and go home go home now just to find a bathroom, but she doesn’t know this part of the city very well and isn’t at all sure where to go looking for one downtown. Her friend will know. She’ll wait for her. But she’s gotten here a little early. Her friend might arrive very soon or might not get here for another half an hour, and her bladder is beginning to ache with the pressure.

She can hold it if she keeps moving. If she concentrates hard, she can hold still for half a minute or so (which she does while waiting for a car to pass before crossing a road) but her need is beginning to feel very urgent. She has tried all the likely-looking buildings on campus and found them locked up tight. She finds herself looking with longing at bushes and trees that would offer some shadowed privacy at dusk, but now it is a bright and sunny early afternoon and there are many people about.

Now she cannot hold still. She is almost in pain, feeling ready to burst. She MUST find a place she can pee. What is she going to do? Biting her lip unconsciously, wishing she could clutch at herself and press her fingers into her vulva, she decides to try the path that begins by the campus pond and meanders off into the woods, following a wide, gently rippling brook.

She would have been wiser to walk around the other side of the pond, across the athletic fields and into the deeper woods on the far side of the brook, but she did not know this. Instead, she walks directly down the path, passing first a little gazebo where two people are talking and laughing quietly. The narrow strip of woods along side of the path widens a little and grows more and more wild and beautiful as she walks further, but still there are many people on the trail—jogging, walking their dogs, or just enjoying the day. The people all seem friendly and pretty, but she is never out of sight of another human being for more than thirty seconds. For all their lush green wildness, there are not enough trees to offer very much cover. The bank on the opposite side of the brook appears deserted and she wishes she were there, but she sees no obvious way across.

What is she going to do?

She is dying to just let go and piss on the ground, but she is wearing panties, and she has found no place where she can safely slip them off. She stops to consider a spot where a narrow beaten footpath branches down to the water’s edge. Perhaps there she would be alone enough to slide the panties off, ball them up in her hand, maybe stuff them into her purse, though she shouldn’t pee into the clear water of the brook itself. If only she weren’t wearing them, then she could find a place, a big rock or the edge of a fallen log, and simply sit with her skirt flared out around her and let her pee run silently down onto the earth.

But just then a woman jogs past, small and athletic, wearing spandex shorts and a sports bra, ponytail swishing from side to side, and then from the other direction come a man and a woman with salt and pepper hair walking a Labrador retriever. She smiles and says hello, trying not to look pained, and then she walks on further, occasionally skipping and dancing because she can no longer simply walk. Soon, she thinks, soon she is going to piss in her panties.

Now she is walking very briskly, almost keeping pace with the pretty jogger up ahead. She is beginning to think about giving up, about wetting her panties, feeling the hot stream down the inside of her thighs, letting it soak into her cloth shoes, and then sneaking back to her car and driving home to shower and start a load of laundry, hoping her friend doesn’t see her, phoning her later to make some excuse instead.

She sees the culvert. Nestled among the rocks on the opposite bank is a cement wall with a circular opening, a tunnel about four feet across from which a tiny tributary empties into the larger brook. She remembers this from two years ago, when she was here with friends and they’d made their way through the dark passage, stooped low under the heavy curved ceiling, feeling like explorers, hiking boots splashing in the swift-flowing stream, and then out again into the sun and weeds on the other side, giggling with the adventure. She remembers a shallow spot in the brook just ahead where the river can be forded.

Her fantasy within my fantasy, she sees herself, as I do, inside the tunnel, dark and wet and secret, her dress hiked up all the way to her waist where she holds it impatiently out of the way, squatting down just a little, perhaps with her feet spread wide, straddling the stream, pissing scandalously into the icy cold water that flows over her ankles and feet. She tries not to imagine it too vividly, has to stop and wriggle for a moment, wishing she dared press her fingers to her vulva.

She remembers, two years ago, picking her way over the boulder-strewn bank from the ford back down to the culvert. She’d been wearing shorts that day—ratty denim cut-offs that she didn’t mind getting dirty or scuffed. She sees herself now, today, in this white dress, climbing carefully over the same boulders, skirt held up about her thighs with one hand while she uses the other for balance, sneakers squelching as she feels for purchase on the mossy rocks, still wearing her white panties, unable to squirm to keep from wetting them... She walks on again.

She remembers crossing the ford itself, the strong current sucking at her calves, she and her friends all holding hands in a line, shrieking each time they came near to losing their balance, the water stinging cold even in summer. She imagines herself today, stepping out into the stream, feeling the cold water swirling around her ankles, imagines what the shock of the cold would do to her bladder, sees herself pissing down her legs, hot pee streaming down her thighs. No. She puts the image out of her mind and walks on.

What is she going to do?

She sees herself standing on the loose shale beach looking out across the ford, her legs crossed, squirming, desperate... Sees herself giving up, letting the hot river gush from between her legs, panties soaked, piss streaming in sheets down her thighs... Sees herself giving up another way, lifting her skirt, pulling down her panties, not caring if anyone sees her... She can hear the sound it would make, a steady splashing that would be as loud as the rush and gurgle of the brook... Squatting over the damp stones, her skirt gathered up like chiffon around her waist, everything below that wildly naked, pissing... pissing...

This she does not do. One step and then another, she walks on further. The jogger has disappeared from sight now. Looking back the way she came, for the moment there is no one. And then—yes!—she sees a gap in the trees! It is an opening into someone’s back yard, but it’s a huge back yard, the house itself perched far up the rolling swell of grass-covered hill. The yard is vast and empty and the ragged end of it down here by the woods along the brook seems rarely visited.

She hesitates for not even a heartbeat. She gathers her skirt in her hand and steps quickly and quietly through the gap and out onto the edge of the lawn, where, moving off to one side a little, she is hidden from the trail (at last!) by a thick wall of bramble and wild scrub. She can see the house from here, can see windows from which she might be observed, but from so far, they might not be able to tell what she was doing. They certainly won’t be able to see her clearly or tell who she is. And even if they can, even if they have binoculars or a tripod-mounted telescope behind those windows, still she won’t have to face them and try to hold onto her dignity if she’s caught.

She lifts her skirt, keeping her backside to the thickest of the trees. She slips the tips of her fingers under her panties and slides them down off of her hips, down over her thighs, until they fall to her ankles and she steps out of them. She had intended to squat, but she’s pissing already, just hunched over, legs spread wide, piss hitting the grass loudly, hoping her skirt is out of they way.

She pees like that for half a minute, then gets control of it again, stops herself, and then gathers her skirt about her waist and simply sits, the dress bunched up in her lap, her bare bottom resting on the cool grass. It tickles her a little. She lets go a deep breath and relaxes all of the muscles at the base of her pelvis.

Warm water begins to flow again, silently. It soaks deliciously into moist earth, then flows away from her in a little rivulet as she streams faster than the ground can soak it in. From behind the trees at her back, she hears now the steady, plodding footsteps of the jogger she’d seen, heading back now the other way. She smiles from ear to ear, grinning with the pleasure of blessed relief.

She will emerge from the path now, relieved and smiling, comfortable in body and spirit (though, I imagine, happy to be wearing her underpants again, as she must have felt a little overexposed there for a while. We’ll be kind and let her re-button her dress again as well.)

Her smile will broaden still further when she sees her friend waiting for her, sitting and reading a book on one of the benches overlooking the pond. She will wave and call out hello, and then the two will hug and turn to walk towards town. Her friend might never know what she was doing in the woods just now, or she might choose to share the story with her as an amusing anecdote over a late lunch, a “don’t-you-hate-it-when-that-happens” over which two old friends can share a warm and gentle laugh.
