Trafalgar Pee

Author: Fluidity (1998-11-10 at 17:24) #22145

This One's for the Ladies! I was inspired by Lionheart's wonderful effort.

The following really happened to me. I may have mentioned it before but this is an elabortion especially for the ladies who love desperate men, as I once so painfully was. I hope you all enjoy it.

###

It was a wonderful time to be in London, the greatest of cities (this was before I moved to New York City, and I still admit that it is a toss-up between these two cities of the world). I had tickets to a hot show and was in a crowded little restaurant to catch a bite beforehand.

Then fate stepped in. This lovely young woman sat across from me and asked if I minded her sitting there; the place was very crowded. Did I mind? I was thrilled. We spent the time learning what we could about each other. She was a German citizen, working in London to earn some money and polish up her English as she went through university. I will call her Gretchen. She was twenty years old, half my age, with long thick dark brown hair, a bright smile, brown eyes, and was full of enthusiasm for life. She was lovely. We were not going to the same show, but we agreed to meet after our shows for a snack and more talk.

Perhaps that is why I did not remember my show: my mind was filled with thoughts and fantasies about her. I still had four or five days left in London. Certainly I could make something happen.

We met as scheduled and talked for a long time, past the closing time of the restaurant. We were probably the last to leave the restaurant and were being rushed out by the waiters. The only thing I remember clearly was that I ordered us a large bottle of Perrier (I was in my Perrier phase of life) and Gretchen drank almost none of it. I did.

With tragic cluutziness, I did not insist on visiting the loo before we left the restaurant for the slow half-hour walk through the theater district to Trafalgar Square from which all the late night busses leave. We had hit it off wonderfully. She agreed to my getting tickets for us to another show (West Side Story) and to hear the Chicago Symphony under George Solti at Royal Festival Hall.

We walked and talked and it was not long before I realized something else was happening very, very quickly: my bladder was filling. My kidneys must have been working overtime to get rid of that near-liter of Perrier. No dehydrating alcohol or coffee; just pure, clear water which produces prodigious quantities of pure clear pee.

I started to become very worried. It was a long way to Trafalgar and all the stores and bars were closed (damned British blue laws). There was no place to pee. I mentioned my predicament to Gretchen and she assured me that there were loos at Trafalgar Square. But Trafalgar was a long way away and I was starting to hurt. I wasn't bursting yet but I was very full and needed to pee very badly. If I had had to stand still I would have had to hold myself or fidget, but walking kept that as the next stage of desperation.

We continued to walk, holding hands (she had lovely delicate hands), and finding out what men and women have always found out about each others in the first blush of an encounter that they know is going to leave them with some memories. It was beautiful looking at and talking with Gretchen. But I was nearing the desperate stage. I badly needed to pee.

I was not near the squirting level, but it would not be long. This was very, very different from those endless bus trips where I sat in stoic suffering, bladder swollen and sphincters locked tighter than a safe. The pressure and pain had been terrible but there was no fear of squirting on that bus; I have no idea why. Here, as I approached Trafalgar my sphincters were very tired, they needed help, my tightening of them was less and less reliable. I wanted to rub my little friend furiously. I knew that soon I would tighten my sphincters and my bladder would laugh at my feeble efforts, and release a mammoth squirt of high pressure pee flooding my trousers as I dreamed of manly efforts at romance with this lovely German girl.

We reached Trafalgar Square and it was enormous. There was a bobby (English policeman). I walked up to him and asked where the loos were, hoping that my American accent would not confuse him. He pointed way down to the other side of the (really) circle that made up Trafalgar Square. I was frantic. I knew that I would have to start peeing soon and it was difficult to think of anything else, even with this lovely young woman's hand in mine. I think if she had ripped her clothes off and fell on her back on the street in front of me I would have kept marching toward the loo. I needed to pee so very, very quickly. I could not wait for anything; I could not think of anything but my bursting bladder and the meager strength I had remaining to hold back the flood of pee.

As we tramped across those wonderful cobblestones (I would appreciate them more at another time) Gretchen suddenly called out, “There's my bus.” I had the presence of mind to pull her to me and give her a quick kiss, not the long, soft, gentle, romantic, probing kiss that I dreamed of giving her, but a quick smack, and she was off. I would call her tomorrow. But tonight I needed to pee, I needed to pee right now.

How I marched those remaining meters without leaking I have no idea. I was frantic. I could think of absolutely nothing else. Dreams of an unclothed Gretchen eager for my touch would come later in the evening. Now I had to release my bladder. God, I was hurting. I've never been so desperate for a pee in my entire life. My poor little sphincters were throbbing and spasming in pain and fatigue. My bladder was swollen and hurting me.

I got to the loo and walked in. I could have seen the entire Army of Eastern China standing at the trough all whizzing away in a deafening gush and it would have made no difference. My bladder was going to empty immediately. I felt my little friend start to give way as I reached down to unzip myself. “No, not quite yet,” I pleaded with him. He was so ready to relax. I reached inside and imagined a giant squirt begin while my little friend was still inside my briefs, but I yanked him out in time.

I relaxed.

I began to gush.

Oh, what heavenly bliss to feel one's long held bladder empty itself, flowing freely. I was in a trance of pleasure finally relaxing my aching sphincters, finally feeling my aching bladder start to return to its normal size and shape, finally feeling my endless stream of pee flow in complete freedom. I peed and peed and peed and peed. I did not care how long it took, I was emptying myself.

I was near empty and my flow fell to a trickle. A dribble. A steady dribble. I gave myself a tight squeeze, a shake, and put my little friend away. Later, on the bus ride to my hotel, I learned that the steady dribble was my kidneys continuing to get rid of that liter of Perrier. I would be frantic to pee within the hour as I reached my hotel, but nothing like my Trafalgar pee.

As for Gretchen, we spent a beautiful evening together in my hotel room, exploring our bodies, taking a bath together, giving ourselves a memory that would last a lifetime, but this was before I could expand upon my Trafalgar Pee and draw out of her any such similar experience. I would have to wait for such a woman to appear in my life.

