Revenge

Author: Doug (1997'07) mf P#098

Part 1

I saw a couple, a man and woman, hitchhiking on the on-ramp to I-95 near Daytona. They looked pretty well-dressed, not bad for hitchhikers nowadays, though a little dirty and sweating, standing there in the Florida sun. They looked me straight in the eye and so I slowed down — but didn't stop. The girl made a kind of praying sign with her hands and the guy shouted out in a loud voice "plea--ese, sir, plea--se." And so I stopped, but I would have stopped in any case. It's just that they would appreciate it more this way.

I was driving a small pickup truck, with a small space behind the seat, where my dog was lying. There was room to squeeze two more people in the front seat, but just barely. It was going to be an uncomfortable ride if they were going very far.

The guy said "Hey, man, we really appreciate you stopping! We've been standing out here almost an hour. Our car broke down in Daytona and we don't have enough money to get it fixed." The girl went on: "We've never hitchhiked before and it's kind of scary. We really appreciate it! Hope you're going a ways up I-95."

"Up into North Carolina," I said.

"North Carolina!" the guy said. "We really hit the jackpot. Right on, man. We can go all the way with you can't we? We don't want to go out there again. Really hope you can take us all the way." Of course I would, but I said "We'll see how it goes — it's pretty crowded."

Their names were Brenda and Scott and I told them mine (Doug). Nice-looking kids, especially Scott, who was blond and wearing lime-green shorts. Smooth, muscled arms and shorts that folded somewhat irregularly over his masculine parts.. She was attractive too, in tight blue jeans. A good-looking girl who obviously enjoyed being looked at and wore clothes for being looked at. Probably no bra, but I wasn't sure. But very snug jeans, pulled up tightly in her crotch.

I offered them beers from a cooler I had under my feet. Scott was very appreciative: "A good ride and beer too. This is too good to be true!" I gave them 16 oz Budweisers and I pulled out a small (7 oz) Miller's for myself.

"Never saw a little bottle like that", Scott said, as he yanked the tab on his Budweiser. "You're right," I said, "you hardly see them any more but I know a place to buy them in Miami". I explained that I would only drink a little because I was driving, although that wasn't the real reason. I told them to drink whatever they wanted, just be sure to keep the cans down if they saw any signs of smokey, or even other cars that were following too close. People have cell phones these days and have been known to call in.

They appreciated the beer very much and started on another one. When they had almost finished it, I said: "Hope you guys don't need pit stops when you're drinking beer. Not planning to stop until I need gas." Brenda said nothing but put her can down. Scott shrugged and said: "Don't worry, man. I've got an iron bladder. I can hold it as long as you can."

We had been travelling about an hour now and I had the A/C turned up to high. When you've been in the sun and suddenly are in an air-conditioned place, your body reacts quickly to liquids. It wasn't long before I noticed Brenda twist just a bit in her seat and to press her legs together once or twice. Nothing obvious, but still a good sign, I thought. It won't be long.

About a half hour more and she was twisting and squirming, although she still hadn't said anything yet. Scott noticed, however, and smiled. Also he pinched at his dick just a little bit, but I thought the pinch had nothing to do with peeing. He was enjoying Brenda's predicament, maybe even more than me.

"Have to go, don't you? That's the way it always is! Women drink a little beer and have to pee. It happens every time."

Brenda wouldn't admit that she needed to go although it was fairly obvious now that she did. "If we're going all the way to North Carolina, " I said, "we're going to have to keep down the number of pit stops. I don't want to be stopping at every rest area. You're OK, aren't you, Brenda?"

"She'll have to be OK", Scott replied for her. "If you don't stop, she has no alternative but to be OK. You're giving us a good ride, man, we'll do whatever you say."

In ten more minutes, however, there was serious doubt if she was going to be OK much longer. The twisting and squirming became much more obvious now and occasionally she grabbed her crotch. Scott was laughing and smiling and I couldn't help but notice that the mound in his pants had gotten bigger, like a tent, which he plucked at occasionally, obviously with great pleasure.

"Don't worry about Brenda. This happens all the time. She can hold it a lot longer than this, and when she can't any longer, she'll just have to let it go where she's sitting. No problem."

"It's not fair!" Brenda said. "The guys just sit there and make the girls wait. We can't hold it as easy as you can. And I've got to go real bad, I mean REAL, REAL bad."

Her need was overwhelming now, that was clear: she had both hands in her crotch and was twisting and squirming, bouncing up and down. Scott did not disguise his obvious enjoyment. He looked at her every time she bounced and plucked again at his pants. I thought he might wet HIS pants, although for a different reason.

Then I noticed a small wet spot in her crotch. She tried to cover it with her hands, but there was no hiding the fact that she was peeing in her pants.

"OK, Brenda," I said, "we've got the message. I'll stop at the next exit."

"Not yet!" Scott practically shouted. "Fifteen minutes more, let's go on fifteen minutes more. She's just getting started."

But I pulled off and Brenda made a dash for the ladies room. "Hey, man," Scott said, "why did you stop? I can't stand it that you stopped, just ten miuntes before she really peed herself. We missed the best part!" He was plucking even more rapidly , although the enlargement was getting smaller now. And it had gotten smaller with no wet spot of any kind or size. The mound was back to normal now and Scott looked very unhappy. "OK," I said, "next time I'll wait the extra time. I won't disappoint you next time."

As he got out, I said "Scott, would you walk the dog? Here's a leash and you can walk him over there just beyond the concrete." Actually I wanted him somewhere where I could keep an eye on him. Before long, Brenda was back and I said to her, almost in a whisper: "Want to play a game with Scott? I'll bet you"ll enjoy it. From here on, just pretend you're drinking the beer: tip back and make it look like you're swallowing. Then hand the full can back to me and I'll put in back in the cooler. I'll be doing the same thing with mine. "

She got the picture pretty quickly and smiled deliciously, looking forward to the game nearly as much I was, or so I thought.

Scott came back to the truck and gave a look over in the direction of the gas station and started out that way. "We're ready to go," I said, "we've been here long enough and I want to get back on the road." Since I was getting back into the truck, he didn't want to appear like there was any reason for him not to do the same, though he looked at the gas station again before he slammed the door.

Part 2

"OK," I said, "one more beer and then we'll lay off for a while." I pulled out 24 oz beers for everybody, me included this time. As we had planned, Brenda leaned back and pretended to drink, but actually I knew she wasn't. After about half an hour, she handed the can back to me and it was almost full. I put it back in the cooler carefully, so as not to spill any. I had done the same with mine.

Scott took a little longer, but then again he was drinking his. I put his empty can back in the cooler also. But I started worrying about those beer cans in the car, or so I said, and rolled down window and gave them all a toss, empty cans included. "I feel guilty as hell," I said. "I don't like to litter but on the other hand I don't want to get caught with empty cans in the car. Sorry about that."

After about half an hour, Brenda squirmed just a little, though I knew she was faking it. Scott picked up on it right away and gave a big smile. "Problems again, Brenda? We just stopped!"

"Maybe a little problem", she said, "but I can wait."

"Well if you can't," I said, '"you're just going to have to wet your pants this time. No more stops until we get to South Carolina". Scott thought that was very funny and took a good hard look at Brenda's crotch and took a good hard tug at his pants. I'm sure he was counting on me not to cheat him out of his pleasure this time.

And so we drove on for half an hour or so more. Brenda continued to squirm around a little bit, but not much, and not any worse than before. Scott looked at her crotch again, not smiling so much this time, and said "I know you've got to pee again, Brenda. It's been almost an hour. I know you can't wait more than an hour."

"Well, usually that's so," she said, "but I'm very relaxed now and just kind of sitting back and taking it easy and trying not to think about it. I'll be good for a while yet."

Scott gave a tug at his pants again, but a different kind of tug, I thought, than before. Instead of just plucking a little, he gave his dick a good, hard squeeze. Then he backed off and crossed his legs, the way a man does, even though it was very crowded in the truck.

"Hey, put your leg down," Brenda said, "we don't have room for you to sit like that in a small truck." Scott uncrossed his legs and crossed them again like a woman does, one over the other. Then he kind of leaned forward, lifting himself up off the seat a bit as he did.

"Hey, Doug, I don't think we need to make Brenda wait again so long this time. She had to go pretty bad back there and maybe that's enough for one night. Why don't we just stop up here at the next exit and let her run to the ladies room?"

"OK, we won't make her wait so long this time. But I want to go a little further. I'll stop before too long."

What could he say? I had told them I hadn't plan to stop very often from here out and I knew his pride would keep him from saying there was any problem — but pride will carry you only so far after three16 oz beers. He was beginning to sweat a little on his upper lip.

As the minutes passed the scissoring motion of his legs got quite pronounced and he would grab at his pants for a tight squeeze every few minutes. I knew he was wondering what he was going to do and so was I.

Finally he said, kind of matter-of-factly: "Hey, Doug, got to answer a call of nature here. I know you've got to stop, too, and we can just jump out and spray the bushes for a few seconds. That doesn't even count as a stop, less than a minute. Sorry, Brenda, but that's the advantage guys have. We just whip it out, do our thing and hit the road again. Right, Doug?"

"Right," I said, "men have it easy. Just out and back. That's the way I do it when I'm driving." With just a little emphasis on "when I'm driving." He began to get the idea, I thought, that sitting on the passenger side was not the same as sitting in the driver's seat. And the driver's seat was where I was.

But I did start slowing down — but with no intention of stopping. Just teasing him a bit. Brenda hadn't had much to say but suddenly she practically shouted out: "It's not fair!! I have to sit here and hold it and you guys just get out when wherever you want. It's just not fair!"

I pushed the pedal down just a bit, not speeding up, just keeping it steady at 30 miles an hour. "Well, you know maybe she's right. If she had to go, we'd just tell her to wait. It ISN'T fair. We're all in the same boat: let's all hang in there together and stop at an exit where everybody can go."

"Hey, Doug, man," Scott said, sort of pleading now: "Men aren't used to doing it that way. The ladies are used to holding it, they do it all the time. When we need to stop, we just pop out and do it and hit the road. I'm just not used to doing it any other way."

Brenda was enjoying Scott's situation immensely and let out a long, kind of giggling, laugh: "Well, Scott my friend, you'd better start getting used to it now. This is a good time to practice." And with that, I stepped on the gas and got back to sixty miles an hour.

"Ever been in the army?" I asked, and he said no, which of course I knew. "You peed when the sergeant told you to and not before. If somebody wet his pants, the sergeant made it hell on earth for a month. Next time the guy held it, no matter how bad it got. You learn self-control when you have to."

"Don't worry about my self-control! I haven't wet my pants since I was in the fifth grade and I don't plan to start now."

Be that as it may, Scott had a problem and could do little to disguise it. He scissored his legs back and forth, jumped up and down, and — best of all — squeezed his dick in a a kind of rhythmic way. I imagined contractions every 10 or 15 seconds and Scott was keeping time with them. Brenda sort of got in the rhythm and bounced up every time he squeezed. It was very exciting to me also and I started grabbing in tempo, though not for the same reason as Scott. We were like a rhythm band. But Brenda had the best idea of all: like a coxswain who sits at the front of a rowing sciff, she started calling out "stroke... ....stroke....stroke......" It was just wonderful! It was a scene worth waiting all those hours for.

After ten minutes or so, however, Scott had had enough: "I can't take it any longer! Hand me one of those cans: I'll take a pee in it and you won't have to stop."

"Threw all the cans out, Scott. Sorry. But I've still got the Miller's bottle."

"Whatever," he said, "anything to take a piss in, that's all I ask." And with that I produced the 7 oz Miller's bottle. Scott let out a moan when he remembered the size but his need was urgent. He unzipped his pants in a frantic struggle and blasted into the bottle. Almost immediately I shouted out: "Cut it off, man! We don't want you pissing all over the truck." The bottle was running over before he grabbed his dick and squeezed off the flow.

"Hey, Doug, man, this is hell. I've still got to piss like a Russian racehose and I can't stand pinching it off before I'm finished. It's about to kill me."

"Put it away," Brenda said." We've don't want to sit here and look at your pecker hanging out. It's embarrassing." And so slowly he put it away and zipped up his pants. So near relief, but yet so far. "That ought to take the pressure off some," I said. "That'll get you to the next rest stop. Think about something else and we'll be there before you know it."

The small respite didn't last long, however — maybe ten minutes. But this time he got red in the face, obviously angry: "Enough of this shit, man. You're not listening to what I'm saying: I've got to take a fucking piss and I mean right now. Just pull over and let us out. Not down the road, I mean NOW." And with that he moved their bags from the behind the seat and put them on his lap, his hand on the door handle. His threatening tone scared the hell out of me: if it had been just the two of us, I would have let him out, and let him out quick.

But Brenda stepped in: "Cool it, Scott. We're in the middle of nowhere and it's 10 o'clock at night. Nobody would pick us up here! You're out of your mind. We're not giving up a good ride just because you've got to take a pee!"

"OK", he said, very quiet now, almost whimpering. He let out a long, slow groan and slumped in his seat. I turned on the overhead light and there it was: a large, spreading wet spot in his shorts.

"My god", Brenda said, "I never thought I'd see the day. Scott the almighty has pissed in his pants! I've waited a long time for this. Now you know how I felt all those times!"

"No reason to stop now," I said. "There's enough pee there to float a battleship." But Scott replied meekly that he still had some left and wanted to stop. So I stopped at the next exit.

We all got out and headed for the door, with Scott bringing up the rear, his hands in front of his shorts, trying to hide the accident. Brenda asked which way to the rest rooms and the woman clerk pointed toward the back. Then she caught sight of Scott and laughed: "It looks like your friend is a little late!"

Scott went into the men's room and stayed a long time, maybe trying to dry his pants. I don't know what he was doing. But finally he came out, almost as wet as when he went in. He tried to walk fast, but by then the clerk had brought over a much younger woman (maybe Scott's age - anyway, a stunning girl with a perfect ass, in skin-tight jeans), who pointed to the spot and let out a whoop and a holler:

"I've never seen a grown man wet his pants before! Women and kids come in and sometimes don't make it. But I never saw a man lose his control. Guess there's got to be a first for everything!"

Scott lowered his head and ran out, his humiliation complete.

