Wet Revenge Pt. 05
  Lisa and her sexy neighbour get down to wet, wet business.
Author: desperata (2021-09-09)

I was frozen in indecision, horny and desperate. I badly wanted him to follow me to the bathroom, to watch me spread my legs to give him the full view of me on the toilet, so intimate, so naughty. I could picture my stream arcing over the seat and onto the floor, splattering everything in sight with my powerful rain even through my the soft cotton of my knickers - and he would be there to tuck them aside to clean up my pissy little slit with his thirsty tongue afterwards, kneeling in my still warm puddle as I stayed perched on the loo, teasing extra yellow squirts out of me as he tickled my little pink clitty.

But that would be playing it safe. The bathroom was meant for wet fun, the kitchen was uncharted territory. And with that, my knickers slid from my hips to my thighs to my ankles as he stood behind me. I felt his hard cock stiffen against my pert ass as he charted the course of my sticky knickers down my legs and onto the floor, a noticeable glistening wet patch, shining evidence of my extreme arousal at the prospect of pissy fun with my naughty neighbour. The neighbour whose hand had slipped up my mini skirt, whose fingers had traced down the mound of my pussy to the hood of my clit, expertly stroking it with care. It felt incredible, his soft slow caresses, the area growing wetter with every circulated fingertip - but there was no escaping the fact that I had to pee. I tried to focus on how could he made me feel, leaning back into his arms as his other hand snaked to my breast, gently fiddling with my puffy nipple through my halter top. It was bliss. And still all I could think about was... was...

"I'm sorry," I said, my hand clamped over his, pausing his pussy play. "I can't hold it any more!" He suddenly squeezed, fingers still on my clit, forcing the quickest spurt of juicy golden shower out of me before releasing his grip and stopping the stream in its tracks.

"Wow, you really do have to go," he whispered as I trembled in his arms with the effort of holding back the flood. "But not yet." I moaned, bucking my hips against him in frustration. I wanted to be a good girl for him and hold it but there was no denying that soon I would be forced to let go. He seemed to enjoy my desperation, having fun controlling my bladder and smiling as I twitched and shook while trying to stop from soaking both of us in my forceful stream of piss.

"Please. I'm loving this, don't get me wrong. But please just let me pee." I whimpered as a few stray drips filtered into his cupped hand.

"But I'm enjoying myself," he purred, uncurling his hand from me to lick it clean. To taste my hot pee. Even my thighs were sticky with how horny this made me, the thought that he might want more, the idea that he might develop a taste for my naughty nectar. "Who knows when I'll get to play with a desperate, sexy young lady like this again?"

"N-next weekend." I stammered as he replaced his hand. He began to stroke my clit again, featherlight strokes of my slick pleasure button that made my bladder scream with desire. "Next weekend we can do anything you like. Just please let me pee, I can't hold it!"

"Next weekend it is. Now, sit on the table." He said, guiding me by the hand.

I sat on the edge, legs pressed tightly together to avoid having an accident, and he sat down on the chair in front of me, unbuttoning his shorts and pushing them to the floor, his perfect erect penis emerging with a boing. "Spread your legs for me." He demanded as he reclined and began to stroke his big cock. He visibly hardened as I parted my legs, a dribble of yellow spilling out from between my sealed pussy lips. I wanted to treasure this moment - him, rock solid and transfixed at the sight of my pissy little flower; me, bladder full, legs confidently wide, nipples on display. But it had been far too long, and I could wait no longer.

I reached down and spread my pussy lips with my index and middle finger, unveiling my delicate clit and tiny pee hole. Immediately a blade of gold burst forth and I instantly groaned with relief. It shot out onto his cock, audibly splashing his body with hot pee as he furiously wanked in my stream, mesmerised by the sight of my pissing pussy, folds twitching with the force of my wee. The relief I felt was all consuming and I couldn't help but begin to stroke my clit when he bent over to centre his face in the stream, mouth open wide to drink my pee, rubbing himself hard and fast all the while. But that wasn't enough for him. He wanted it fresh from the source, his lips meeting with mine so he could suck and lick and swirl my clitty around with his tongue while he moaned with pleasure as I continued to desperately pee all over his gorgeous face. He sucked on my labia as I flicked my nipples, transfixed at the sight of this handsome man drinking my piss. I began to feel close to climax as he spat my golden shower directly back onto my clit, taking care to slurp my lips clean after each squirt. But my stream was beginning to wane and he slowly retreated from my drenched pussy, still grasping his dick tightly.

He stood up quickly, licking his lips. "May I?" He asked as he plunged his cock into my sodden little hole, not waiting for a response. I gasped in pleasure as he entered me and immediately began to pump away, hands on the wall behind me for balance while he made himself at home in my hot wet pussy. My lips gripped around his cock as pee continued to squirt out with each thrust, soaking both of us. They looked amazing, my juicy little labia wrapped around him, combined with my fountain of piss that wouldn't stop gushing even as he pounded me hard. He felt amazing, every stroke tipping me closer to the brink of climax as my fingers danced over my clit in time to his powerful humping.

It was then that he came, pulling out and smothering my bare naked cunt with a jet of pure white cum that was met with one final explosive squirt of my desperate yelloe pee, gently moaning and scanning me up and down lustily to remember this vision forever. But no sooner had he finished ejaculating did he instantly start pissing too, a hot yellow blast of power pee straight onto my spread pussy. He was hosing me down after covering me in cum - what a gentleman! He focused the stream on my clit as I pinched both my nipples rhythmically, so overwhelmed by his forceful piss that I came hard, moaning and writhing as he showered my precious lippy little pussy down in golden goodness.

I lay there panting afterwards, covered in his warm wee, beaming at each other with big satisfied smiles. The entire table and kitchen floor were soaked. He stooped down to give my pussy one last lick, slurping up my arousal and the last lingering droplets of his own piss before beginning to put his clothes back on. "So. Next weekend?"
