Desperation Ward

Author: Fluidity (2000-08-13 at 16:34) #68305

Fleur half-opened her eyes, but her mind was not nearly half opened. The procedure was complete and she was alone in some recovery room. There was white everywhere, probably the curtains separating her bed from the others. She glanced down and saw a needle going into her vein. She wanted to sleep. She noticed her bladder and fell back to sleep.

…

Rick stood up as Doctor Hatcett approached. “Everything went fine. It was benign and she should be able to go home this afternoon. She is pretty much zonked out now but you can see her in the recovery room. She'll be coming around soon. Nurse Flowing will show you to the recovery room. Fawcette, show Mr. De Lys to his wife's recovery room”.

“It is FawCETTE, Doctor; the stress is on the second syllable”.

“Whatever, Miss FlowING.

…

Rick sat looking at Fleur sound asleep from the anesthetic. Nurse Fawcette told him that she would be waking soon. The IV in the vein was simply to make sure she did not become dehydrated. Fawcette left and hurried down the hall.

Fleur looked so peaceful. It was a warm room and she lay there in her white gown with no sheet over her. Her lovely legs (she had insisted on shaving them before going to hospital) were parted and could be seen from about six inches above her knees. He wished he could see her blue eyes. Her jet black hair looked lovely against her white skin. Even without makeup she was as beautiful as the day he set eyes on her. He was lucky beyond measure to have her.

He looked at her delicate fingers. Her hand was moving and he assumed she was going to come out of her daze any time now. It moved over… well, her hand moved over her crotch and slipped between her legs.

He smiled - is she wanting to frig herself here in front of God and everyone? He would take care of those needs this evening as his willie hardened at the movement of her hand. Just then she turned her head and furrowed her brow as if she were having some unpleasantness.

…

Fleur's eyes half-opened again. She saw Rick and he looked so handsome and loving. He had filled her life with love and ecstasy. But now she was so groggy and… what? She hurt. Her bladder. She had felt it earlier. It had been full and now it was more full. How full could it get? She didn't know how she held it but it hurt badly. She needed to urinate but she couldn't move and couldn't relax… or chose not to relax her sphincter, she didn't know which. What she did know was that she had never been so full, the ache told her that.

She tried to move her hand between her legs. She wasn't certain why but it seemed the thing to do. She reached down to her pee hole and tried to feel it. Her hand or wrist passed over her bladder and she felt that. Was her bladder protruding out of her body? She needed to empty badly.

She looked up at Rick and half-smiled. He smiled back and leaned down to kiss her. It was a beautiful kiss and she loved it; she remembered how it was to get horny but she needed something else first. His kiss lasted forever; he reached down to her hand and stroked it and slipped his hand between her legs and up the inside of her thigh to her cunt. She was bare and he began playing with her vulva. It felt heavenly but when his lips left hers she got out a whispered, “Wanna pee”.

…

“You horny slut, you'll have all the cock you want when I get you home. But you rest now and let the anesthetic wear off. Don't put on a show for everyone trying to finger yourself”.

Rick saw her blush and smile at his sex talk. They loved bantering alone together in the most outrageous manner. She had the most beautiful smile of any woman he had known, even now when she looked as plain and un-glamorous as ever in her life. But then her brow furrowed again and her hand moved back between her legs and she blurted out so he could hear her, “I've got to pee”.

“You have to pee? Now?” She half-smiled and nodded. “Yes, right now,” she answered. “It hurts awful”.

“I'll get someone,” said Rick. “Hold on. I'll be right back”.

At that he dashed out.

…

Hold on? She didn't know how she had been holding on nor whether she could continue.

God, she needed emptying right away, thought Fleur. How could she hold this much? Did the anesthetic help? If so it was drifting away. She saw the IV in her arm. Her eyes followed the tube up to the big bag that was drip, drip, dripping into her arm. The bag looked like it held several liters and it was almost empty. Had several liters of liquid passed through her body and were now in her bladder? Was that why it hurt so terribly.

Just then she felt her sphincters twitch. Was she coming out of her anesthetic and would have to hold her bladder with will power, whereas she had previously been holding on automatic pilot? She knew she could not hold this much. She felt her pee hole with her finger. She was wet but that could have been from Rick's lucious kiss… yes she had lubricated a bit. She smiled knowing she could become aroused so easily. Rick loved it and so did she.

Her sphincter gave another twitch and her finger over her pee hole felt wet. Did she just lose some urine? She brought her finger to her nose and confirmed it. Very dilute pee - all water (or whatever) from the IV. She let her hand rise up over her muff to her stomach and felt her bladder. It was huge. She pressed down a bit - shit, yes it was her bladder, as big as a watermelon. If Rick didn't come soon she would simply have to let it all out on her bed, for she could not hold much longer. She moved her finger back to her pee hole.

…

Brick Shaftson moved his finger from Fawcette's clit to her pee hole and then back again. Alone together in the stock room they took their pleasure when time permitted. Brick found Fawcette was as passionate as a goatess in heat … insatiable. He felt her hand's firm grip around his hard shaft. It was safe sex but he would have preferred plunging into her juicy box. He knew she loved this caress and he felt her tremble. She was near climax again now, he only needed a few strokes. Fawcette dug her nails into his shoulder as his touch became more soft - he would see how long he could keep her on the edge without her falling into climax. “Let me come, Brick,” Fawcette cried as she trembled with pleasure. “Please now, I can't wait”.

As Shaftson gave Fawcette one stroke too many she began her powerful climax just as Rick De Lys stuck his head in the door and asked, “Nurse Flowing? Are you here? My wife needs you right away”.

Fawcette's eyes pinged wide open and pulled Shaftson's hand out from between her legs. Her orgasmic spasms died away and she thought she could probably stand up. She sucked off Shaftson's frigging finger and whispered to him, “Wash this off before getting back to work; Hatchett will chop it off if he smells it.” Then in full voice, “I'll be right there Mr. De Lys”.

…

Rick rushed back to Fleur's room. He found her stroking her cunt with both hands and looking very troubled. “Rick, hurry, I have to urinate right now. The ache is terrible and I won't be able to hold it. Ohhh…” At that Fleur rubbed her cunt even faster hoping to wake her sphincters up.

“Here, let me, Sweet Fluff.” Fluff was Rick's love-name for her. He reached down to her pee hole and pressed in hard and moved in a little circular motion. He instinctively stroked her swollen clit with his thumb. She was as wet as a jar of honey and it wasn't all urine. Fleur drew her hands up into fists on either side of her head and squeezed her eyes tightly shut. “Rick, if I come it's all over. I can't hold my bladder and climax too”.

Just then Nurse Flowing drew aside the curtain and walked up to Fleur's bed. Her face was flushed from two recent orgasms, and now she was looking upon a woman nearing another.

Rick looked at Fawcette and blushed. “I'm just trying to help her hold her bladder”.

“I know; don't worry.” She quickly glanced at the empty IV bag and muttered to herself, “Stupid Slut Nurse Wonking; she should have taken care of this two hours ago… and I should have noticed when I was here.” She began tearing a sterile catheter out of its bag.

Just then Fleur cried out and a mighty streaming gush of hot steaming urine began blasting out of Fleur's pee hole up and over Fawcette's left shoulder. The pressure rose and fell with her climax as her hips bucked up and down. Rick had removed his hand so she took her own down to her eager clit in an attempt to maximize her pleasure.

All of Fawcette's training flew out the window and she flushed with immediate arousal at the sight of this powerful climax and accompanying fire-hose stream of hot piss. During one mighty contraction the stream went over the top of the curtain partition and splashed into Millard Dunking's “space.” He was having lunch after recovering from a nasty case of priapism. Fleur's stream of urine sank into Millard's bowl of spit-pea soup. “Hmmm, tastes like sherry,” he said and continued to lap it up.

Fleur's climax over, she opened her eyes and saw and felt the steady stream of urine continue its arc to the curtain, soaking it completely. On her face was an unearthly glow of sexual and urinary release. After about ninety seconds of this her emptied bladder dribbled to a halt. Rick and Fawcette simply stood and stared in wonder.

Fleur looked up at Rick and smiled. “Did I make a mess?”

