Girls School - Part 7

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-03-16 at 23:43) W#55291

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 7

Suddenly Melanie and Kyrie glanced at each other, their hearts pounding. Miss Donaldson was looking about for a place with a restroom. Kyrie thought fast and said, “Hey, check out the craft sale in the park over there”. She was pointing to a park across the street in which there were a large number of vendors set up selling a little bit of everything. A large sign proclaimed it to be the annual spring craft sale. Kyrie turned and jogged across the street toward the park, with Melanie on her heels. Miss Donaldson had no choice but to follow them as she was their chaperone and it was her duty to be with them at all times.

By the time she caught up to them in the park she was already quite desperate. She looked around quickly for a porta-potty but there were none to be seen. She could now no longer keep still as she tried valiantly to follow along with Melanie and Kyrie. The girls were of course deliberately taking their time. They casually lingered over tables of pottery, displays of paintings, even hand made stained glass ornaments. Another ten minutes had passed and Miss Donaldson was close to bursting. She was now openly and unabashedly holding her crotch through her slacks while dancing and jiggling about uncontrollably. And still the diuretic continued to fill her bladder, rapidly and mercilessly.

“Girls please!!!”, she pleaded, “I’ve GOT to get to a restroom! Can’t you understand that?!!”

“Oh look!!!”, Kyrie said, ignoring her and pretending to spot something else interesting. She walked quickly away to check out whatever it was.

“Kyrie!!!”, Miss Donaldson cried out plaintively as she tried to hobble along after them. Kyrie and Melanie arrived at a table loaded down with native Indian crafts and began to look at them closely. Miss Donaldson had come to a complete stop and looked stricken. There was a wide pedestrian walkway through the park, along either side of which the craft show booths were set up. Hundreds of people walked back and forth along this walkway, and it was in the middle of this walkway that Miss Donaldson stood, trying in vain to stave off the inevitable flood. Kyrie and Melanie wee busy looking at the Indian crafts when suddenly a shout arose above the din of the crowd.

“OH NO!!!”, Miss Donaldson wailed in horror. Melanie and Kyrie whirled around in time to see a dark wet patch appear on the front of Miss Donaldson’s tan slacks. It spread out incredibly fast, spreading upward toward the waistline and of course, downward to form shining, hissing twin streams of pee. It was literally a torrent, gushing out of Miss Donaldson. She stood there for almost a full two minutes pouring a steady stream into her pants. She stared down at the front of her pants numbly, just gaped at them in shock. People were staring at her now and the comments and snide remarks were already flying through the crowd.

Melanie and Kyrie had glanced at each other and exchanged evil grins before making their way quickly through the crowd toward Miss Donaldson. When they got to her she was still standing there, gaping down her front as her pee continued to hiss loudly into her pants. Finally her stream died away and she stood there, practically in a daze, just staring at herself. She was starting to sway on the spot. Now Melanie and Kyrie were starting to get concerned. Melanie couldn’t get those side effects out of her head: mental confusion, vertigo …

It had occurred to her that Miss Donaldson had consumed a lot of diuretic laced water. Was she was having an overdose?! That was something they had never thought of. Until now, when it was too late. Now Miss Donaldson just stood there, staring almost vacantly at her saturated pants. She was so wet that there was a visible wet patch on the bottom of her tank top. Kyrie was looking at her with genuine concern, bordering on real fear. What had they done to her?

“Uh, M-Miss Donaldson?”, Kyrie began tentatively.

Miss Donaldson didn’t move at all. She just continued to stare blankly at her soaked clothes.

“Miss Donaldson?”, Kyrie tried again. She was really getting scared now. Melanie was staring in horror at Miss Donaldson. Her heart thudded maniacally in her chest and she was sweating profusely. Suddenly Miss Donaldson began to mutter something.

“I — I — I’m wet …”, she mumbled, almost incoherently. Melanie looked at Kyrie almost in a panic now.

“Oh God Kyrie”, she said, “What the hell have we done?”. Kyrie gaped in horror back at Melanie and just shook her head. Suddenly Kyrie knew that they had to do something and do it fast.

“Melanie!!”, she whispered fiercely as she reached for Miss Donaldson’s left hand. “Take her other hand. We’ve got to get her out of here, right now!!!”

They both tried to walk and pull Miss Donaldson with them but she resisted at first. When she finally started to move she stumbled and almost fell. It was obvious that the diuretics were having some very strong side effects with her. She was practically catatonic. They managed to get her back to the car. Then they were faced with a big problem. Neither of them could drive, and Miss Donaldson was completely out of it. They had sat her on the edge of the hood of her car and were talking in loud whispers as they tried to figure out what they were going to do. Suddenly they could hear a loud hissing sound and they looked at Miss Donaldson to see her peeing fully into her slacks again. She continued to stare blankly ahead. She was not even aware that she was wetting herself again.

Melanie was terrified now. She knew that they were going to be in serious trouble because of this. The two girls were now completely at a loss. This whole thing had gone far beyond anything they had anticipated. Suddenly they were holding each other and crying.

“Oh God Kyrie, I wish we’d never done it now”, Melanie blubbered.

“Me too Mel”, Kyrie responded through her sobs. They held each other tightly, two very frightened young girls.

“Well, well, well!”, a voice suddenly spoke behind them. They whirled around to see Miss Donaldson standing there, her arms folded imperiously beneath her breasts, gazing down her nose at them with an expression of evil triumph on her face. Standing behind her was none other than Dorothy Etherington herself, as well as Sue, the nurse. Melanie and Kyrie gaped in horror, their jaws hanging slack. It had all been an act! They had been set up!!

“So this was all carefully planned, hmm?”, Miss Donaldson said in a cold and calculating voice, while glaring smugly at the doomed girls. She continued.

“We suspected something was up. When the librarian told us that you had been studying medical books. And Sue here told us that she had a very strange visit from Kyrie, that Kyrie seemed extremely nervous about something. When Kyrie experienced a miraculous recovery from whatever ailed her earlier that day, and when the good doctor saw Melanie glance none too discreetly at the medicine cupboard in Sue’s office. We knew something was up with you two. But we just weren’t sure what. Well now we are. I was more than happy to play along. I knew you two were bad apples, and I was determined to catch you at your own game”. She paused then, to let them quiver in terror at the prospect of what was going to happen to them now. They just stood there, clutching each other and shaking with fear. Mrs. Etherington stepped forward then. Her face was as hard and cold as steel. She began to speak.

“What you have done here today was a coldly pre-meditated act, a deliberate attempt to humiliate a high ranking officer of my school. Such heinous acts will not be tolerated in my school. You will be punished, swiftly and severely. You will pay dearly for your misdeeds”.

With that she turned and walked away toward a waiting limousine which had pulled to the curb while she spoke. Both of the girls were so frightened that they began to cry uncontrollably and both of them unleashed their bladders and saturated their diapers. However, much to the chagrin of the unfortunate girls, the diapers couldn’t handle the flood, and they leaked, soaking the front of their jeans. Miss Donaldson grinned evilly at them and said, “Now you’ve disgraced yourselves, here in town, where you should know better. Fitting I suppose”.

Abruptly they were herded into Miss Donaldson’s car, and in less than a minute they were heading in the direction of the school. And whatever fate awaited them.

***

As promised, the punishment was swift. Both of them were suspended from school for the remainder of the school year and were given failing grades in all of their courses. They were told that they would have to repeat the entire school year starting the following September. And they were informed that when they did return to school in September they would have to use the toilets all the time. No doing it in their pants or beds. They would be in separate dorms and would be forbidden to associate with each other in any way. Also, they would have a chaperone escorting them everywhere and watching over them 24 hours a day.

That Sunday afternoon as Kyrie and Melanie packed their things in the dorm, the mood was very sombre indeed. They slowly shuffled about, putting things in their suitcases and backpacks, staring miserably through puffy red eyes. The other girls watched them sadly. They could feel the anger and resentment Melanie and Kyrie were feeling. At one point Brandy came over to their area and tentatively said, “I’m sorry guys. I wish you didn’t have to do this. If there was anything I could do …”.

Melanie managed a weak smile and said, “Brandy, you’ve already done more than enough. Just being here and being our friend. You and all the girls. That means a lot to us. Thank you for everything”.

Brandy smiled at that. Suddenly she stepped forward and threw her arms around Melanie. Melanie hugged her back again, tightly. Within moments all of the girls had stepped in and they stood there holding each other tightly in a circle of friendship. Eventually it broke up and the girls drifted back toward their own areas. Melanie and Kyrie finished packing all their things and simply picked everything up and headed for the door.

“See you guys in September”, Melanie said quietly. There was a chorus of “byes” and “see yas” as they left the dorm.

As they walked along the corridor a realization hit Melanie and she turned to Kyrie and said, “Kyrie, it’s only just hit me that my parents live out on the west coast. I won’t be able to go home right away. I don’t have anywhere to go”.

“Oh shit”, Kyrie said, “That’s not good”. Melanie chewed on her bottom lip anxiously. Suddenly Kyrie said, “Wait a minute! You could stay at my place! My parents have a huge house, there’s loads of room”.

Melanie thought about this for a moment. She really liked the idea and was really flattered that Kyrie would make such an offer. She did have some concerns though. She said, “Yeah but what about us? What will they think?”.

“Oh they already know I’m like that”, Kyrie said, “They’ll be cool with it”.

“Are you sure?”, Melanie said, not convinced at all.

“Sure”, Kyrie replied promptly, “I’ve had girlfriends stay at home before you know”.

“Okay, well what about the way we, well, you know …”, Melanie began.

“Do everything in our pants and bed?”, Kyrie finished for her.

“Yeah”.

Kyrie chuckled and said, “Melanie, I’ve been doing everything in my pants and bed since I was six years old. Mom and dad have always allowed me to do that. I guarantee you they won’t have any problem with you doing it too”.

Melanie was very skeptical. This was far too good to be true. Parents just were not like that. Were they? Kyrie could see the concern on Melanie’s face and she said, “Trust me sweetie, really. Everything’ll be cool”.

“We don’t even know if they’ll allow me to stay there yet”, Melanie reminded her. Kyrie suddenly stopped and turned to look at Melanie.

“Melanie”, she said firmly, “I’m telling you that they will say yes and that they will be cool with our relationship and our toilet habits. Please, trust me on this. I know my parents well. Okay?”.

Melanie was still very concerned about it but she reluctantly said, ”Okay, alright”. They resumed walking and soon they were outside, standing along the curb on the big car turning loop in front of the main entrance of the school. They dropped there bags onto the sidewalk and promptly sat on them. Melanie looked at Kyrie then and said, “So what are we waiting here for?”.

“I called my mom on her cell phone about 20 minutes ago to come and pick me up. She was just down the road so she should be here any time now”, Kyrie replied

“How does she feel about all this?”, Melanie inquired.

“She’s really pissed off at the school”, Kyrie answered, “She said she’s going to look into it. She said she’s pretty sure that what they’ve done to us is illegal”.

“Man, I hope she’s right”, Melanie said. Just then a brand new dark green Jaguar swung into the turning loop and began to circumnavigate it’s way around toward where Melanie and Kyrie sat.

“There’s mom”, Kyrie said, standing up. Melanie looked at the expensive luxury car as it pulled to a stop beside them. She was impressed. Kyrie’s parents must be wealthier than she thought. An aristocratic, poised and well dressed woman emerged from the driver’s side of the car and smiled at Kyrie.

“Hello dear”, she said.

“Hi mom”, Kyrie smiled back again. They hugged briefly and then Kyrie’s mom smiled warmly at Melanie and said, “And you must be Kyrie’s girlfriend”.

“Um, yes I — I am”, Melanie began hesitantly. She extended her hand, not knowing what else to do, and said, “Melanie Willis ma’am”. Kyrie’s mom smiled warmly, took Melanie’s hand and said, “Caroline Rothman. But do call me Caroline dear. I’m not usually too sticky on formalities”. Melanie immediately liked Kyrie’s mom. She seemed like a very pleasant and amicable lady. Kyrie stepped forward then and said, “Uh mom, Melanie doesn’t really have anywhere to stay right now. Could she stay with us?”

Caroline Rothman smiled again and said, “Well I see no reason why not. After all, you’ll be sharing Kyrie’s bed so it’s not like you won’t have anywhere to sleep”. Melanie was stunned. Her eyes widened at Caroline’s bold statement and she looked at Kyrie in amazement. Kyrie giggled and said, “I told ya didn’t I?”.

Melanie’s shock turned to happiness and she said, “Thank you Caroline. That’s really nice of you”.

‘Don’t mention it dear”, Caroline said easily. “Well”, she continued, “Let’s get this stuff into the trunk then shall we?”. They began to load the bags into the trunk. When they were finished Caroline suddenly said, “Are both of you wearing diapers?”.

“Yep, we are mom”, Kyrie answered immediately.

“Good then”, Caroline replied, “I don’t have to worry about the leather seats”. They all piled into the beautiful car and within moments they were on their way to the Rothman home.

The drive took only about 50 minutes, but Melanie managed to pee into her diaper once, along the way. She found herself hoping fervently that it didn’t leak. Eventually Melanie noticed that they were coasting along a wide boulevard lined with imposing mansions on either side. They suddenly slowed then and swung into a wide flagstone driveway. A tall iron gate loomed ahead and it began to swing open, apparently of it’s own accord. Melanie figured there must be some kind of sensor or perhaps Caroline had a remote control of some sort. They swept through the gates, which immediately began to close behind them, and on up the long and gracefully curving driveway. Up ahead was a huge and impressive looking mansion which looked more like a country manor rather than a house. They pulled to a stop under a magnificent arching stone canopy which extended out from the main front entrance.

A man in an expensive suit was waiting for them and as soon as they stopped he stepped swiftly over and began opening doors. The three of them were soon standing beside the car and Caroline looked at the man and said, “Charles, would you be kind enough to take the luggage that’s in the trunk up to Kyrie’s room? And then if you could park the car in it’s stall after that I would be appreciative”.

“Certainly madam”, Charles responded immediately.

“Thank you Charles”, Caroline replied with a smile. She turned and strode into the front hall of the mansion and Melanie and Kyrie followed her. Melanie found herself in a whole new world. There was opulence everywhere. The whole place reeked of money. And Melanie thought she caught a slight wiff of pee on the air too. Although she could have been wrong about that. Her own parents were quite wealthy and owned a large, expensive home, but it was nothing like this. Caroline stepped away in a different direction and said, “You two make yourselves at home. Melanie, Kyrie will show you around. I’m just going to my office to check my messages”.

“Okay mom”, Kyrie said. She took Melanie by the hand and said, “Come on, I’ll show you a few things”. Kyrie led her through the house and into the huge kitchen. There was stainless steel everywhere and everything gleamed. Kyrie went over to a large door set into a wall and opened it. Behind it was what appeared to be a stainless steel trap door about two feet square. It looked a lot like a very expensive pet door. Except that it was about three feet up the wall. Kyrie turned and said, “Well, I don’t know about you but I’m taking my diaper off right now. I want to have wet pants again”. With that she promptly dropped her pants, ripped her diaper off and stuffed it through the door.

“Garbage chute”, she said, gesturing at the door. She had been wearing her panties over her diaper and she pulled them up, followed by her jeans. Melanie just shrugged and did everything that Kyrie had just done. Then Kyrie lead her across the kitchen and out through some French doors into the private grounds behind the mansion. They were beautiful. There were ancient towering trees that would provide lots of shade later in the summer when they were completely covered in leaves. There was a shimmering blue lake with sunlight sparkling off it. There were rolling hills covered in neatly groomed grass. It was a sight to behold and it took Melanie’s breath away. They began to stroll toward the lake. It took them about ten minutes to get to it’s shore and Kyrie paused once along the way to pee in her jeans.

“There”, she said, “That’s more like it”. Melanie giggled and then said, “Well I might as well I guess”, and immediately let if flow. She loved the feeling as her pee streamed down her pant legs. “Aaaahh”, she said, “much better”. They continued on to the lake and when they got there they sat on a horizontal section of tree trunk along the water’s edge. They just held each other closely and kissed occasionally, and sat there quietly, thinking about things. About 25 minutes later Caroline appeared. Kyrie and Melanie began to smile but they both immediately noticed that Caroline looked quite concerned about something. Suddenly Melanie started feeling a little queasy. It had to be something to do with the school. She just knew it did.

“Girls”, she began, “I’m afraid I have some rather bad news. There was a message from the school. Apparently you are required to attend a hearing at the school tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. and the police are going to be there to question you as well”.

End of Part 7

