The Origins of Infinite Capacity-18

Author: Splashfics

18. Star-Crossed Streams

On a westbound train racing through the countryside, four women chatted noisily over an assortment of miniature sized bottles. Having kept themselves well topped-up the entire journey, it was only a matter of time before one member of their group excused herself to pay a visit to the on-board facilities. When she returned, it wasn't long before the next went, then the next and then finally there was only one who hadn't visited the single occupant stall at the end of the coach. She sat comfortably, boxed in her window seat and still drinking all the while, but never showing any desire to make a trip down the train aisle. Her friends however made trip after trip and by the end of the journey as the train pulled in, they poked fun at her apparently cast iron bladder.

'What can I say, I have hollow legs,' she laughed.

And two rows behind her another passenger found herself laughing along with her.

'If you have hollow legs, then I must be completely empty!' thought Chandra.

She wasn't trying to gloat, of course, but having only been for a wee a dozen times in the last twelve months, Chandra could more than relate. It was honestly quite nice to stumble across somebody like her, even if from a distance. Kindred spirits had been few and far between in the time since she'd awakened her gifts and it could sometimes get quite lonely sitting on the toilet for as long as she did. As wonderful as it felt to pee endlessly, it would have been nice to not have to be so secretive about it.

Hearing this lady talk so openly about herself was quite the unexpected eye-opener and Chandra wondered if she too could stand to be a bit more daring...

As she disembarked onto the platform, she stretched and took in the crisp afternoon air. It wasn't the warmest day, but at least the sky was clear and miraculously there was even a bit of sunshine.

'How fitting,' she thought, as she cleared the station barriers and tried to pick out a familiar face in the crowd of people milling about near the entrance.

And it didn't take long. In fact, Chandra was spotted long before she noticed the odd blur dashing towards her at top speed and almost crashing into her.

Jade hadn't changed a bit and she told Chandra the same as they finally met again after half a year. They'd both been desperate to meet sooner, but fate - and Mr Wen - had conspired to keep them apart until the Christmas break. True to her word though, Jade had sent Chandra an email almost every day that summer and Chandra had spent most of her days sitting in front of the PC writing back. She wasn't sure when it was, but replying to Jade had become an obsession during those sultry months. Their messages were the only moments when Chandra could be totally open about who she really was and Jade was the white rabbit leading her further down her own rabbit hole. Now she'd landed in Jade's garden and the barriers were all coming down. They were in trusted company again and ready to have some fun.

Naturally Jade gave Chandra a tour of the town she'd been calling home the last four months and the two girls pounded the pavements all afternoon, occasionally stopping for lunch, or to browse an interesting shop along the way and when evening settled in, they escaped the chilly streets and ate dinner inside a cosy booth in a modest little bistro.

Jade closed her plate and crossed her legs under the table, then she looked at Chandra with a sparkle in her eye. Neither she, nor Chandra had stopped to go to the toilet a single time the entire day and she was finally feeling the effects of all she’d had to drink.

'I suppose I'll finish the rest of this then,' grinned Chandra, taking up the jug of water and pouring the remainder into her glass.

'How much longer do you have left?' asked Jade.

'Surely not long...' Chandra replied.

'Then maybe we can have something else in the union bar.'

Jade bounced up from her seat, extracting some pound coins from her purse so they could pay, then not wasting a moment, she and Chandra got up and made their way towards the University campus.

They ordered a bottle of cider each and found a table where they sat across from each other. Chandra watched with interest as Jade casually sipped her drink and smiled, still very much in need of a wee, but with no intention of doing anything about it. She really was a glutton for punishment...

'Still no?' she asked, her leg bobbing over her knee and her bottle now empty.

'You're going to have to wait a bit longer I'm afraid,' advised Chandra with an eye on the time. 'It should be any minute now though...'

Jade eyed the bar.

'Maybe we can fit one more in...'

Her determination defied belief, but Chandra had something better up her sleeve - or rather in her bag. Reaching under the table, she pulled up her rucksack and opened it for Jade to take a look inside.

'Since we didn't get to drink them last time...' she said with a big grin on her face, displaying two familiar looking bottles of wine sitting on top of a pile of her things.

They obviously weren't the same ones they'd planned on drinking at their end of exam picnic, but more than moved by the gesture, Jade quivered in her seat.

'Let's go back!' she said, no longer able to sit still and in double time they found themselves toasting the next round in Jade's bedroom.

The building's other residents were home for the holidays, so they made as much noise as they liked and Jade was particularly unsubtle about how much she needed to pee. After holding back the tide all day, the only thing standing between her and wet knickers was the resistance provided by the hard surface beneath her crotch... And as she fearlessly sipped glass after glass of wine, she writhed and rubbed against the floor, squirming and squinting at the challenger in front of her.

Chandra, who sat on Jade's bed enjoying the pleasant tingling inside her stomach, knew that the time was almost upon her, though, admittedly very much under the influence, it could also have been the wine. Curiosity getting the better of her however, she got up and had a quick look out the window.

Lo and behold, climbing through the clouds, she saw the glowing face of the full moon, pouring light over the land and into her body, setting off a chain reaction from which there was no escape. But before she could escape to the ensuite bathroom - Jade reminded her with a sadomasochistic smile - there was a glass of wine she had to finish... and though they were fit to burst, she and Chandra battled to finish the rest of the bottle.

Loosened by intoxication, Jade's hand had found its way inside her trousers and was just barely helping her to hold on. Likewise Chandra kept a firm grip on herself until not even she could bear to fight off the inevitable for another moment.

On 'three' they rose and staggered to the bathroom where Jade, without hesitation, slid her trousers to her knees. Chandra wiggled and jiggled at the doorway, watching her lift the lid of the toilet with envious eyes, even though she knew it was only reasonable they took their turns in this order. But Jade, not wanting to make her best friend suffer, invited her to sit down too.

'We can go at the same time,' she slurred.

'Because that's totally feasible isn't it,' Chandra laughed.

'No, no, yeah, just sit this way and put your legs like that,' Jade continued, tipsily talking Chandra through what sounded like the most hilarious thing she'd ever heard.

On the verge of wetting herself from laughing too much though, Chandra threw caution to the wind and deciding it might be a bit of a lark, stripped off her own jeans and undies while Jade sat down. She bashfully hid herself behind her hands at first, but seeing Jade already spreading her legs and sitting as far back on the toilet seat as she could, Chandra felt bold enough to flash her wild bush once again.

With no lack of awkwardness, she shuffled across the floor and straddled the toilet bowl before squeezing her knees under Jade's... For a good while after they were finally both in position, Chandra and Jade could only laugh and found themselves, despite their substantial desperation, unable to pee, but at long last, no longer able to hold it back, Jade let slip from her quivering loins, first a sputter, then a spurt and then what grew into an almighty gush that blasted between Chandra’s legs and into the water. She breathed a ragged sigh of relief and let her head tilt back, but in doing so, accidentally splashed Chandra's thigh.

'Sorry!' she gasped, then once more as it happened again, but Chandra chuckled in good humour.

'It's okay!' she replied, finding it wholly amusing and losing hold of her own pee a moment later as her desperation reached its peak.

However, even more so than Jade's, Chandra's stream was beyond her control and blasted out of her. It tore through Jade's gushing jet, nullifying it in one fell swoop and violently beat against her -directly where she'd feel it the most...

Not expecting to be hit so suddenly, in such a place, with such incredible force, Jade was powerless to restrain her moan and squeezed her eyes closed.

'Oh my gosh, I'm sorry!'

Chandra was beside herself and tried to adjust, but Jade placed her hands firmly behind her shoulders.

'No, don't... It's okay...' she panted and stared intensely into Chandra's eyes. Chandra knew from this look that she meant what she was saying, so sat nervously as her pee lashed between Jade's legs, making her entire body go limp. But not so limp that she couldn't find the strength to powerfully grip at Chandra's clothes, pulling her in closer so she could feel the full force.

Jade's mouth fell open and her eyes stared hungrily into Chandra's. Chandra felt her heart racing, remembering a moment in the not too distant past when Jade had looked almost identical to the way she did now. It was all happening faster than she could comprehend. Suddenly Jade was leaning in closer and so was she. There was no one to interrupt them this time. Jade pressed her lips against Chandra's and softly plucked them with a tenderness that Chandra felt reach her core. Her hands moved from Chandra’s shoulders up her neck and into her hair, firmly taking hold of a palmful as she continued to suck on her lips.

Chandra's surprise was very real, but shortlived. All of a sudden, awakened by her touch, she allowed herself to return Jade's passion in bucketfuls. Now she was gripping Jade's body and moving hers closer. She felt Jade's hands begin to tremble as the hot torrent continued to thrash unabated into her private depths, occasionally tracing up her stomach and then back down into the toilet bowl. It splashed and cascaded over Jade's thighs, flowing all over the toilet seat and down onto the floor, making a considerable mess and soaking into the rug and their discarded clothes, but they didn't even notice. They were both seeing each other for the first time and couldn't keep their eyes, hands, or lips apart for the next hour.

Even after Chandra's tide receded, they stayed locked in a steamy embrace until their unorthodox loveseat became unbearably uncomfortable. Chandra then led Jade into the shower where she helped her out of the clothes she'd so thoroughly drenched and continued to examine her in this new and exciting light. They only eventually decided to come out and dry off when the water became cold and they began to shiver, but nothing could cool their fledgling passion.

As Jade invited Chandra into her single bed, Chandra felt as if it all finally made sense. She accepted the invitation and slipped under the covers with her, lying face to face in the dim lamp light. Jade looked into her eyes, brimming with obvious contentment.

'There's a secret I've been keeping from you, Chandra,' she said a moment later.

But before Jade finished her sentence, Chandra realised, with a smile, that she'd known it all along.

'Me too...' she winked and kissed her again. 
