THE WATERFRONT AT NIGHT

Author: William Abbott

This is another story that started with a visual image. I asked myself, what was the sexiest picture I could possibly conjure up? And what came to me was the three of us —me, a woman in cutoffs, and a woman in a very short skirt—out on the end of a pier at dusk where it was almost but not quite dark enough for an emergency pee. After that, the characters just took over and led the story in their own direction.

’m kicking back and daydreaming, just idly thinking about a woman, or...let’s make it two women. They’re scantily dressed, of course, and of course they’re franticly searching for a place to pee and can’t find a bathroom anywhere. Maybe they’ll just barely make it, or maybe... But that would be telling. No spoilers.

One of them is blond, and we’ll put her in my favorite outfit—cutoffs, very tight and very short, faded and threadbare with deep creases in the V of her crotch. She has great legs and a nice round ass. She has to tug the cutoffs down every so often or her butt cheeks will show (though, a few minutes later, they show anyway). Up top, I think she’s wearing a gauzy short-sleeved blouse, unbuttoned with the tails tied in a knot, over a camisole. Her breasts are fairly large, at least a C-cup, but they’re loose under the camisole and they have a really nice bounce and jiggle as she moves. Tonight she’ll be moving around a lot.

The other one is dark, and I see her in a skirt, loose and full in its cut. Perhaps it’s even a full circle so that if she twirled it would fly out around her, but it’s also so short that it just barely covers her. In fact, it’s kind of amazing I haven’t seen her underwear yet this evening (and it’s not like I haven’t been watching for it). Her top is an ordinary long-sleeve tee with a crew neck. Her breasts are sweet and perky and her nipples poke out a little under the fabric...but honestly, that skirt so teases the eyes that it’s hard to focus on anything else.

I usually try to give my characters a little back story and some individuality, but this time I’m only daydreaming. Still, it’s easier to follow what they do if I give them names. Let’s call the dark one—I don’t know—maybe Jennifer? And the blonde in cutoffs can be Ellie.

We’re by a waterfront. It’s evening in late summer, a warm night with a gentle breeze coming off the bay. If you stop and take a deep breath, you can smell the salt. The stars are brilliant pinpricks against a very black sky.

Shops and businesses are closed at this hour but there are still plenty of tourists milling about... and that’s a problem, you see, because Ellie and Jennifer both have to pee so bad they’re right on the edge of wetting their panties.

Ellie, the one in cutoffs, is sort of tap dancing, hopping about and skipping along as we walk. Her breasts bob and sway with a delicious fluid motion, and as I watch I think how it would feel to put my arms around her from behind and cup them in my hands. Then my eyes are drawn downward to her shorts, tight against her vulva, the denim almost showing a camel toe. Her thighs are bare all the way up to the crotch, so high up that if she sat with her legs spread, you might spy a wisp of pubic hair. And I think about her full bladder, about the pressure, about her intense, acute, frantic NEED to piss, and I think about how hard she is having to hold back to keep that from happening.

Jennifer is just as desperate, but instead of dancing, she’s walking slowly and gingerly, careful not to jostle her aching, swollen bladder, thighs grinding against one another with each step. She stops now and then to twist her legs around one another or to bend forward. I gaze at her thighs, as naked as Ellie’s, disappearing under that tiny skirt so close to that secret place where they meet.) I watch her rock back and forth from heel to toe, and I can tell how much her bladder must ache with the pressure, stretched so full it’s on the edge of pain, and how much she’s dying to simply let go and piss under that skirt, let it out all over the ground, and to Heck with her panties.

I guess I have to pee, too. Or I did a while ago, but now I’m so fiercely aroused that my bladder’s urgency has been lost in the dazzling fire of my other urges, my cock pressed so tight against my fly that it almost hurts. I’m naked under my jeans (Why bother with underwear on such a beautiful night?) and my condition has to be as obvious as the nose on my face. Maybe the girls pretend not to see. Or maybe they’re too distracted by their own predicament to notice. Perhaps they simply don’t mind.

We walk, searching and searching for someplace with a bathroom, and once it’s clear that nothing will be open we start searching for a darkened ally or a stand of shrubs. Any place where they’d be hidden would do.

Here we come to a beach that would be perfect, if only it weren’t right next to the boardwalk. The girls stop to gaze longingly at that stretch of wet sand, and I take the opportunity to put my hands in my pockets and adjust myself. Waves lap at the shore, the sound making Ellie squeal. She stands on one leg, bending the other knee. She must be vividly imagining what it would be like to step out onto the sand and peel down those denim shorts and squat right next to the sea, letting her piss mingle with the vast ocean. But not only is this little beach completely exposed, it’s also lit up by the glare from the lights of an outdoor dining deck. (The restaurant itself is closed, of course.)

Walking further on, dancing and skipping (and bouncing and jiggling) we find some scattered boulders, the broken up remains of an old sea wall. They look fun to climb over, and Jennifer might be imagining herself (and I certainly imagine her) climbing up to stand with one foot on each of the two biggest stones, her legs spread wide, and just letting go, pissing hard, her water arcing down into the damp, seaweedy crevice where foaming seawater sloshes and gurgles between the rocks. But there are houses overlooking these rocks. We can’t tell if there’s anyone home or not, but this doesn’t feel at all private. Biting her lip, her brow wrinkled, Jennifer turns away.

We come to the foot of a pier that stretches far out into the bay. It looks dark...long and empty and inviting. Our shoes make a hollow clomping sound as we step out onto it. Jennifer steps gently, her movements fluid as a ballerina, and Ellie skips and prances. Her bottom is so cute, so round, with her cheeks winking at me. She sings as she dances, “Come on, come on, I have to pee! I have to pee! I have to pee peeeee peeeeeeeeee!”

The pier is high up above the water, but steps lead down to little docks along both sides where the boats are tied up. We pause and look down, hesitating, not sure if we’re allowed to go down there if we’re not boat owners. Desperation would overcome that hesitancy—it looks like an almost perfect spot for women to hunker down, concealed in the dark, and piss onto the weathered boards. I imagine their powerful streams blasting the wooded decking, puddles spreading and soaking in and then dripping between the boards into the sea. But, oh no! The docks aren’t empty! Some night fishermen are still puttering about down there, stowing their gear after tying up.

The pier itself is empty, though. Piss right here? Can they? But, as dark as it is, it still feels very exposed, too much so for them to peel down and squat even in this much distress. Turning their backs to the land and the fishermen, each one grips herself shamelessly, hands clutching crotches as we walk further on. My cock points the way...

Down the length of the dock, down to the very end. At last, it’s so very dark and we’re so far from shore that a girl could pull down her pants here and not be seen. Jennifer lifts her skirt —in the faint starlight I see her panties for the first time, white with little blue flowers—and Ellie unsnaps and unzips...

But wait! From out on the water we hear the deep thrumming of a diesel engine, and we see the running lights of a sightseeing boat returning from a sunset tour. Ellie makes a noise of frustration through gritted teeth and Jennifer groans. We back away from the edge as the boat draws near. Jennifer has her hand up under her skirt, white-knuckled, and Ellie, half zipped up again, is hopping around and tugging on her belt loops to dig the denim shorts into her crotch as the boat pulls up to the dock. Loops of thick rope from the boat are thrown over the pier supports. Voices and music and laughter waft from onboard as the gang plank is extended. As we turn to walk back, Jennifer moans that her bladder is going to explode and Ellie is making dire predictions about peeing in her pants.

I can tell she’s not kidding.

Almost back to shore, Jennifer stops to cross her bare legs under that minimal skirt, holding onto me for balance. Her eyes are scrunched tightly closed and she wails, “Ohhhh, I can’t hooooold it!” My cock is drooling in my jeans. Pre-cum makes the denim slick. I wonder if the wet spot shows?

The docks down at water are empty now, but we’re closer to the lights of the waterfront here, and with our dark-adapted eyes it no longer seems as hidden. Plus, the disembarking passengers are coming up behind us, a great slow-moving wave of people with the patter of footsteps and murmur of conversation. “Come on!" Ellie says, and we flee, heading back to shore.

Jennifer walks with her head down now, dark hair hiding her face. She walks as if every step causes her pain. Back up on the sidewalk, she lets out a squeal and says quietly, “Oh God, I’m leaking.” We keep moving, Jennifer walking as if on eggshells and Ellie bouncing and bobbing along beside us, once actually scampering in a complete circle around Jennifer and me.

We come to a parking lot, dark and halfempty and edged with trees, but as we walk into the shadows, someone starts up their car. Headlights spear the darkness, raking across the lot as it pulls out. Behind us, those sunset tourists are coming nearer, ready to drive home.

We hurry to the far side of the lot. Ellie is holding onto the waistband of her cutoffs again, pulling them up, her face a mask of concentration as her breasts move freely with every bouncing step. Jennifer is almost doubled over, walking with both hands gripping between her legs with her skirt pushed up around the tops of her thighs.

We come to a guardrail fringed with wiry grass and a few stunted shrubs. Beyond that, swathed in darkness, it looks like there’s an embankment leading down to the edge of the water. We hear waves lapping the shore with a steady shushhhh-shushhhhhhh. Both women are over the fence without even breaking their stride and I clamber over to follow.

Step, step, step down the embankment, and then we’re out onto a little strip of sand, hard and damp under our feet. The rise of the embankment hides us from one side and dark, looming trees stand guard on the other. In front of us is the open expanse of water with the vast night sky overhead.

Jennifer was lifting her skirt while she was still skittering to the bottom of the embankment. She pulls the crotch to one side as she reaches the little beach, but she’s already peeing, panties already wet. Her water catches the faint starlight, twinkling in the darkness as it snakes down her leg. She kicks off her shoes to stand barefoot with her toes in the wet sand and her stream intensifies, falling freely now between her legs. The sound is like water poured from a pitcher, clear and bright and exquisite.

Ellie was a couple of steps ahead of Jennifer, working the zipper pull as her sneakers went clomping down the embankment. She shoves cutoffs and panties together down to her knees, but she starts pissing before she has time to squat down. She tries to staunch the flow with her hand but it squirts out the sides and between her fingers, spraying all over everything. She drops to her knees and sits back, bare bottom resting on her heels as her bladder empties from just inches above the ground. Her piss drills hard into the sand, carving a little gully and flowing down towards the sea.

I should look away. I should close my eyes or turn to look out at the lights of boats on the bay. Or at least I should not stare, not stand there with my mouth hanging open, drinking in the sight of them, memorizing the sight of Jennifer’s bottom as she stands with her panties tugged to one side, studying the posture of Ellie’s body. I should not gaze at them like that, enraptured, for the whole minute or two minutes or three minutes that it takes them to empty their overfull, nearly bursting bladders onto the sea-wet sand.

It is all I can do not to run my thumb over my fly.

OK...so I do run my thumb over my fly. And I definitely stare.

Oh my God, am I actually going to cum in my pants? No. I take a deep breath, hug myself, clamping my hands under my arms to keep them away from my cock. I’m shaking all over.

Jennifer’s flow subsides at last and comes to a stop. She slides her panties off, down over the round cheeks of her butt, and pulls one leg and then the other free of them. And then, oh boy, she lifts the hem of her skirt to pee a little more, still standing with her back to me.

Over there, Ellie squeezes out one last spurt, and then another, and then she stands to step kick her feet loose from her cutoffs and panties. Naked now, at least from the waist down, she picks up her things and shakes off the sand, inspecting the damage. The panties are drenched, but the cutoffs only have a wet swath across the back. “Could have been worse,” she mutters. She steps into the cutoffs again, without underwear. Zipping up, she gives her panties another shake and then wads them up into a ball to stuff in a pocket.

Jennifer wades out into the water until it almost up to her knees. She rinses her underwear in the sea and uses it to wipe down her inner thighs and her crotch.

She glances up at me, raises an eyebrow. “Were you watching?” she asks.

Ellie chides me, “You little perv!”

“You were!” says Jennifer. “You were watching us the whole time!”

“No,” I say. “Well... I mean, yeah.”

Jennifer scoops up a handful of seawater and splashes me. She comes striding up out of the water again. I’m afraid she’ll be mad, but I think she’s only teasing. “Your turn,” she says.

“What?”

“You said you had to go, too.”

“Oh, uh...right.”

Jennifer glances down at my bulging crotch. I’m hard as a tree stump. Is there any way I’m going to be able to pee through this erection? I look over at Ellie, staring at me and smirking, mischief in her eyes.

I turn away, turn to face the trees, and unzip. My cock springs out, rigid and pointing up in the darkness. I close my eyes. Try to relax...

This is not going to work.

Someone—I don’t know which of them at first, but it turns out to be Jennifer—comes up and stands right behind me. I feel her body pressed against me, her breasts crushed against my back. She reaches around my waist. “Here, let me help,” she whispers in my ear. She takes my penis in her hand. “I’ll aim for you,” she says.

“Um...”

She spins me around to face Ellie, who stares down at my penis, grinning. Jennifer’s hand closes around my cock, gently stroking. I lean back into her. My knees feel so weak, I think I might fall over if she didn’t help hold me up.

Ellie walks closer, right up in front of me. “What’s the matter?” she asks. “You can’t pee with us watching?”

“I... I...”

Ellie is standing so close, if I did start to pee now, I’d pee all over her. Jennifer’s fingers continue to slide over my penis. Her finger catches a little pre-cum, and she rubs this against the little V-shaped groove under the head. Ellie reaches out and lays her hand over Jennifer’s, smiling wickedly...

And...Holy Mother Earth, I cum. Hot semen jets out of me, one spurt and then a second and a third and on and on and Jennifer practically has to hold me up. She pulls me tighter and whispers something like “Oooo, nice.” Ellie laughs and ducks out of the way, but a few drops of cum still catch her, little wet beads on the denim of her shorts. She claps her hands in delight as I stand there gasping for breath, waiting for the strength to return to my legs. My penis begins to soften, though still swollen, large and warm in Jennifer’s hand.

And then I remember the ache in my bladder. And I relax. And I start to piss.

Ellis laughs again while Jennifer snuggles me closer, swishing my stream back and forth across the sand. I sigh with contentment.

Finished—maybe I could pee a little more, but I’m finished for now—I turn around to face Jennifer. Her arms are still around my waist. I put one arm around her shoulders and with the other I reach out, beckoning to Ellie, and she joins us in a three-way hug. My penis, still hanging out there and still a little hard, fills the warm space between us. I kiss them each in turn—deep kisses, with tongues, my arms crushing both of them against me.

My God, I think to myself, what on Earth are we all going to make of this in the morning?
