DAME FOGWORTH’S DILEMMA

Author: William Abbott

And now we come to one of my most recent stories. A woman I knew through an online forum said she wished she could find stories of female desperation set in Victorian times. Such a thing would never have occurred to me, but I decided to oblige, pulling out all the stops with rude Victorian slang and steampunk gadgetry.

I had a jolly old time of it, too.

It is rare for me to find myself wishing I had been born male. I feel that as a woman, I am the equal of any man in all areas that truly matter. Still, there are times—rare, but memorable—when the tackle of a female body is deucedly inconvenient. One such occasion is the subject of this narrative.

The title is somewhat disingenuous, as at the time I was neither a Dame nor a Fogworth. My name back then was Kitty MacViegle. Professor Fogworth and I were still engaged, and it was still some years before we were knighted by Her Majesty Queen Victoria. The professor (“Old Foggy” to his students) was a brilliant inventor and a dear, sweet man, but he really did live in a fog much of the time, and could be particularly dim where the needs of the fairer sex were concerned.

On this occasion, the professor and I had been working day and night preparing for the maiden voyage of his first great invention: an electro-alchemical airship of cunning design, christened the “Sovereignty.” The programme for the day was to cast off at noon and fly the ship from the Firth of Forth to London, setting the flat-bottomed, converted steam ship down in Hyde Park in time for an afternoon reception. The proposed flight had generated considerable excitement, and it was even rumoured that several members of the House of Lords might attend our arrival.

I had spent much of the morning calibrating the instruments while the professor fussed with the ignition box for the phlogistic converter. He was in an increasingly bad temper as the morning wore on and he encountered one kerfuffle with the machinery after another. Finally, at about 11:30, he announced that he needed another three gallons of aether if we were to be able to embark, and there was nothing for it but for me to take the velocipede and drive back to our laboratory in Edinburgh to fetch it.

I confess I rolled my eyes at this. I had spent the last two hours lying on my back underneath the instrument panel tugging on wires to ascertain that they were securely attached. I was tired. I was hot. And I’d been drinking quite a bit of water and needed the loo. I also felt I should change before driving into the city. I was dressed very unconventionally in jodhpurs and riding boots, as these seemed practical for crawling about on hands and knees amid machinery. But it was clear the professor would have apoplexy on the spot if I did not depart immediately and return in all haste with the needed chemical. The trip into town and back would take at least half an hour, he reminded me, and we did not wish to be late for the reception, so I simply fetched my goggles from the hook and set off.

The velocipede is itself something of a technological wonder—a horseless carriage that can attain a top speed of a dizzying thirty miles per hour, though at a cost of somewhat jostling one’s bones (though on that day, my joints suffered rather less than my poor bladder). I arrived at the laboratory, hurried inside, seized an empty canister, and proceeded to siphon out several gallons of aether from storage tank. Hearing the liquid slosh inside made me hop back and forth, and standing there with the rubber hose in my hand, I looked longingly at the door to the necessary. However, remembering the professor’s admonition that there wasn’t a moment to spare, I screwed the lid onto the canister, carried it out to the velocipede, and returned directly to the dock.

The professor was it a terrible tizzy when I arrived. I found him spotted with soot and wearing a welding mask; he’d had to make a substantial modification at the last minute to the design of the flow meter, re-routing several large pipes and three of the exothermic baffles. Pulling the mask from his face, he took the aether from me without a word and tipped most of it into the ignition box. He left the rest to evaporate from the canister, which he just left open on the dock.

“Hurry! Hurry!” he said, as I followed him aboard. He wound the crank that retracted the gangplank, I pulled shut the hatchway, and then he went to the controls while I made my way aft down the narrow passageway, stepping over jury-rigged conduits, bales of wire, boxes of nuts and bolts, and carelessly discarded tools. Again, I found myself hurrying past a water closet without stopping, though by this time I was anticipating my eventual visit with considerable eagerness. I needed first to ignite and then trim the engines of our great airship.

The professor’s voice from the bridge came to me over the telephonic device. “Ignite the phlogiston!”

I opened the aether valve. The sound, not unlike running water, made me squirm. I pulled the lever that rasped steel over flint within the chamber, and heard the satisfying whoomp sound. “Phlogiston ignited!” I said into the mouthpiece. “Chamber pressure beginning to rise.” I watched the needles on the dials move, very aware of the steadily rising pressure within my own body as well. There really wasn’t room to pace, wedged as I was between the port and starboard athanors, but I was able to shift my weight back and forth a bit to afford some slight relief to my urgency. Finally the numbers on the dials reached their desired levels. I spoke into the mouthpiece again, “Reaction steady!”

“Jolly good!” came the reply. Through the porthole, I could see the docks, and beyond them, the roofs of Edinburgh, begin to fall away as we rose into the air. “Care to join me up front?”

“I’ll be there in half a tick,” I said. I turned and walked...skipped...practically danced back up the cramped corridor. I would join the professor at the controls in two shakes of a lamb’s tail, but there was one stop I absolutely had to make on the way first.

When I opened the door to the loo, my first thought was that I’d gotten turned around and had the wrong door. I closed it again and read the sign stenciled on the outside: “HEAD.” I opened it again. Yes, this was the right closet. But the fixture I sought had been removed. In its place, I recognized the lateral conduit for one of the primary baffles. Or was it one of the secondary baffles? I clucked my tongue in some annoyance and made my way the rest of the way to the bridge.

“Foggy, dearest?” I said, coming up behind his pilot’s chair and laying a hand on his shoulder.

“Yes, my love?”

“Where’s the loo got to?”

“Oh. Yes. I had to re-route the conduit for the...”

“Yes, I see that.” I leaned forward to press my thighs against the back of his chair. It helped a little. “So where’d you put the W.C.?"

“Oh, I imagine we can make room for a head just aft of the port condenser coil.”

I did not at all like what I was hearing. “You imagine?” My hands tightened on his shoulders.

“Well, yes. It shouldn’t be too much trouble.”

“So...” I considered my words carefully. “Where does a person take care of necessities at the moment?”

He turned to look up at me. “Good heavens, you didn’t see to that before we left?”

“You were in such a bleeding hurry to be off! It was all, ‘Quickly, quickly, we’ll be late!’ And I didn’t think that would be a problem, because of course I knew, I absolutely knew I could always use the confounded toilet as soon as we were aloft!”

“I...” The professor looked a bit flustered. “But surely you can last for a twenty minute flight?”

“Professor,” I said, with increasing levels of exasperation in my voice. “Do you know how long I’ve already lasted?”

“Well...no.”

“Think.”

“Well, how should I know?”

“Think.”

“But I don’t take note of every time you...”

“When was the last time you did take note of me tending to my needs?”

“Um...This morning, I suppose.”

“Around five-thirty.”

“Thereabouts, yes.”

“And now it is...?”

“Quarter past noon. But surely, since then, you’ve...”

“Are there any public conveniences at the docks?”

“Well, no. But...”

“And now I find you were busy all morning dismantling the plumbing fixtures, so you knew I didn’t....”

“Yes.” The professor was beginning to squirm under my gaze. Good. “Honestly, though,” he stammered, “we’re quite high up, and over open country. To be... Well, to be quite crude, dear, it seems one could just piss out the windows.”

“Out the windows.”

“Yes.”

“Foggy, dear, have you ever seen a woman without any clothes on?”

“Why yes, dear. If you remember, just last night...”

“And were you paying the least bloody bit of attention when you did?”

“I’m... I...”

“Did you perhaps notice some of the ways that men and women differ in their anatomy?”

“I don’t quite see...”

“Is there any body part that you, perhaps, have been taking for granted, seeing as you’ve had one all your life? And perhaps not noticed that some of us—half the population, in fact—haven’t got?”

“Oh.”

“A tap for the bung hole, perhaps?”

“I see.”

“An extended...”

“Yps”

“... directionally controllable...”

“Mm hm.”

“...hand-held...”

“Yes.”

“Shall we say, ‘nozzle’?”

“Quite.”

“Lobcock?”

“Yes, dear.”

“John Thomas?”

“Yes, I...”

“Nebuchadnezzar?”

“I see now.”

“Plug-tail?”

“Yes, I understand.”

“Arbor vitae?”

“Yes, yes. I didn’t think...”

“Spigot? Would the word ‘spigot’ make it clear enough?”

“Yes. I’m sorry.”

“Yes?”

“Yes.”

“And?”

“I...yes?”

"I have to wee.”

“Oh dear.”

“To tinkle.”

"I understand.”

"To perform an ablution.”

"You've made yourself clear.”

“To leak.”

"Yes...”

"To urinate.”

"Yes, dear.”

"To micturate.”

“I understand, dear.”

“To void. To evacuate the contents of my bladder. To piss like the queen’s bleeding prize mare!”

The professor took a deep breath. Before he could reply, I went on. “Do you remember the boiler in our old lab in Dundee?”

He stopped and thought for a moment, puzzled. Then, “Oh. The one that...?”

“Exploded!”

“Yes. Ah...”

“Burst!”

“Listen, this is all very well, but...”

“Popped its rivets!”

“...but I don’t see what...”

“Sprayed hot liquid over half the town!”

“Yes, it was rather dramatic.”

“It was nothing!!!”

“It was...”

“NOTHING, by comparison to what shall happen here!”

“Allright, dear. Wait...”

“I CAN’T WAIT!!!”

“Just hold on...”

“I’ve been holding on for HOURS!!!”

“It’s unfortunate, and terribly awkward, I’m sure, but I don’t see what can be done about it now. And we’re only ten minutes from London. I’m sorry, dear, but it seems you’ll just have to last.”

“Ten minutes from London!?!” I waved my arms in frustration. “Ten minutes from LANDING in London, yes, but we’ll be coming down in the middle of a bloody RECEPTION with all of London’s intellectual society gathered in Hyde bloody Park! Am I to go prancing off to the bushes to drop my trousers the instant we land?”

“Perhaps...”

“Yes?”

“Well, you were planning to change your clothing. Yes?”

I looked down at myself. My jodhpurs were quite impractical for tending to one’s bodily needs out of doors, but he was right; I did have a dress in the cabinet, more suitable for a public appearance.

The professor continued, “It seems to me that would make it...” He looked up at me like a puppy dog, unsure if it was about to get smacked, “...easier?”

“Hmph.” He was right, though. Especially if I omitted the drawers. They were split crotch, of course, which is convenient enough for normal circumstances. At that moment, though, it seemed prudent to wear only the shift and petticoats under the dress, affording me the hope of sitting more easily with my bare Nancy upon the grass. The corset would be a problem. I despise whalebone under the best of circumstances, but just then it seemed that being laced into one would literally squeeze me until I popped.

I turned to open the cabinet and withdrew my more ladylike attire, then sat to remove my riding boots. In a moment I was unrigged. The professor was trying to maintain his gaze on the instruments before him, but I caught him taking sidelong glances. There was also a bit more color in his face than there had been a moment earlier. I pulled on my chemise, then dicky and buntlings, dancing the whole while like a vaudeville performer, and then picked up the corset. “I shall require your assistance,” I said.

“Ah. Yes, dear.” The professor left the controls long enough to come and tug at the laces at my back. I braced myself against the back of a chair, trying not to wriggle while he pulled the laces tighter and tighter. “Can you hold still, dearest?”

Through gritted teeth, I hissed, “I... bloody ... well... am ... holding ... still... would ... you ... hurry... up!”

Finally he was done, and I danced away from him and gripped myself scandalously. After a moment I had regained some degree of composure, and I was able to pull the plain burgundy-coloured dress over my head, adjusting the lace at the cuffs and neck and then shaking the skirt until it hung down to my ankles.

The high-buttoned boots were a labour of Hercules. They came nearly to my knees, with at least a score of buttons each. I rocked back and forth in my chair as I worked the button hook again and again.

Finally I stood. “Presentable?” I said.

“Hmm?” The professor, at the controls again, turned to me to look. “Oh, yes. Very.”

“Good.” I gathered all my skirts and lifted them, then sat in the professor’s lap, straddling his legs and facing him. “I shall have a proper revenge on you some time, you know.” He looked up at me in some consternation, color rising in his face. I pressed my cunny against his instrument, squirmed, and felt him stiffen. “I could burst my seams right here.”

“But...but...but...” His blush deepened.

“Breech the dam.”

“But you would.. .on my...”

“Do you remember the story of the Dutch boy and the dike?”

“I...yes.”

“What did he do to stop the leak?”

The professor is quite dense on occasion, but that time he got the hint. We stayed like that for some minutes, tipping the velvet but stopping short of making me a duchess, until it was time to begin the descent over London. I kissed him on the forehead, my diddeys squashed against his face, and then got up and left him only slightly damp. He shook his head and ran his fingers through his hair and smoothed himself out as best he could while I made my way aft to tend the burners once more.

Walking down that narrow passageway over all his discarded tools and boxes was going to be almost impossible in the dress. I hauled my skirts up out of the way again and bundled them round my middle, showing blind cupid for anyone to see, and tied them with a piece of twine. Then I stepped carefully with high boots and bare limbs to stand between the athenors at the condenser box.

I could not stand still. We had only minutes until we made landfall, yet I feared I would leave a puddle at my station. With one hand, I grasped the wheel that regulated the airship’s flow valves; with the other I gripped my own valve to stop the flow, burying my fingers in my muff.

The airship descended slowly. There were beads of sweat on my face, and not just from the heat of the burners. After an interminable few minutes, we were level with the tops of the trees, and then with the pennants flying over the tents, and then at last I felt the gentle thud as the

Sovereignty settled to Earth.

I hurried forward, and met the professor in the corridor by the hatch. He gave a start, taking in my peculiar state of undress. I was struggling with the knot in the twine, and begged him for assistance. Obediently, he pulled at the string ends while I crossed my legs and writhed with the effort of not wetting myself of the spot. I took the opportunity to exact a little more revenge, grabbing him and squeezing to make sure that he would greet the crowds in a proud and upright manner. Finally, when his hands began to shake too much to work the knot, he turned to rummage in one of his boxes for a pair of wire cutters, and with these he snipped the recalcitrant thread. My skirts fell about my legs once again. I shook them and smoothed them down as the professor opened the hatch.

We stepped out into brilliant sunlight and the sound of a brass band playing “Hail Britannia!” I grimaced and took the professor’s hand.

“Ah,” he said. “Oh dear.”

The crowds were enormous. Much larger than we had dreamed in our wildest imaginings of fortune and acclaim. A press of several hundred bodies had swarmed around the airship as soon as it had touched ground, and...

“Oh crinkums,” I said. “Oh, just blow the grounsils with me now. It’s the bloody queen.”

There stood her majesty, resplendent in her black mourning gown, surrounded by scores of court officials in an area that had been cordoned off from the hoi polloi. A man approached us— I didn’t recognize him, but by the sash he wore I guessed he was a royal cousin at the very least— and ushered us forward.

My abdomen was cramping and in pain, but there was naught I could do but follow as he led us to be greeted by the royal party. And then we were standing in front of her. The professor bowed, and I managed a curtsy. (Honestly, the movement provided a second’s relief.) Then I clenched my jaw as the queen approached Old Foggy and looked him over appraisingly. I was grateful it wasn’t me she was looking at; I was grimacing. Veins had to have been popping out on my forehead and the muscles in my neck must have stood out like cords.

I barely noticed what she was saying; something like, “All Britain stands in awe of your accomplishment this day, professor.” Suddenly I felt a little trickle of water, warm as tea, running down between my thighs. I closed my eyes and willed my body to comport itself in a manner appropriate to the setting, but neither the strength of Hercules nor the valor of Achilles could have prevented nature taking its course in that moment. I thought of breathing a prayer to Poseidon to stem the tide, but it would have been no use. I was in flood.

I placed my feet close together, hoping to wick the flow down my legs, channeling it between the banks of my thighs to pool inconspicuously between my feet. I felt my boots begin to fill. My feet were soon bathed in warmth which then began to cool. (The boots were of good quality, but quite worn from use. I regretted their loss only a little at the time and was actually able to salvage them later. My silk petticoats, on the other hand, were a total loss.)

Breathing slowly out, I finally surrendered, opening the spillway full bore to drain the reservoir. I could hear (though quietly, so it may be that no one else noticed) the hiss of my stream beneath my clothes. I thought to glance down to check the visible condition of my skirts, but when I opened my eyes, I found myself face to face with the queen.

“And for your efforts, too, in this venture, we are all grateful,” she said—or something to that effect. She clasped my hand. I was still pissing full blast.

“Th—thank you, ma’am,” I said. “Uh, I mean your majesty.” Still peeing. I must have seemed a blathering imbecile. Still, if the queen took any notice either of my stammering speech or my prodigious output of urine, she made no sign.

The rest of our audience with the queen passed as if I were in a daze. At last, the royal party moved on, or we were dismissed from their presence—I don’t remember which. My petticoats were cold and clammy and they stuck to my legs, but when I finally had the opportunity to examine myself, the outer layer was mercifully dry. Any dampness around the hem may have been explainable as dew from the grass. After we’d moved on a few steps, the professor turned to me with some agitation and said, “Oh dear, I’m terribly sorry about all that fuss. We must get you out of here, yes? You have, um...” He paused while someone walked by within earshot. “.. .that urgent matter to attend to?”

“Not anymore.” I smiled up at him.

Old Foggy’s eyebrows shot up until they practically disappeared beneath his hairline. “Do you mean to say you... ?”

“While the queen herself was shaking my hand. I thought I would die, but I think it’s possible that no one at all took any notice.”

Foggy simply stood and gaped.

“You should close your mouth dear, or moths will get in," I said. Then I moved a step closer to him. “There is only one thing you can do that would even begin to make up for a debacle of this magnitude.”

“Y-yes?”

“Marry me.”

“Um. Yes. But we were going to do that anyway, weren’t we?”

“Oh, Foggy,” I said, and kissed him on the nose. “You’re such a silly old dear.”
