Zena, The Early Days

Author: Uncledi, March 1997

This story is essentially true and happened to the author when he was younger. It is a watersports story and recounts the start of the authors relationship with his then new girlfriend, Zena. In addition to being primarily a watersports story there are elements of hair and body odour fetishes.

If such stories are offensive to you then you should read no further!

Names, places and dates have been changed to protect the innocent.

I shall start this, the first story in the 'Zena' series by recounting a little of the background as to how we met.

It all began after the obligatory office Christmas lunch, held on the last day before the Christmas/New Year vacation. I had known Zena as one of the office staff for over a year, but we had never exchanged more than the odd word. She was strikingly beautiful, slim, raven black shoulder length hair, not too tall, about 5' 7" and well proportioned. She had an oval face that would often light with a mischievous grin, as if she was thinking 'rude' thoughts. I was later to discover that this was indeed often the case.

It never occurred to me that she might fancy me, so although I fancied her like mad I buried myself in my work. At that fateful Christmas lunch we sat opposite each other at the table and after a few drinks Zena accused me of being a recluse and never inviting anyone to my office. I replied that she was welcome for coffee anytime and left it, as I though, at that. At the end of the meal we went our separate ways.

Imagine my surprise when later that afternoon I met her at the photocopying machine and she gave me a kiss, right on the lips. When I asked what I had done to deserve this honour, Zena replied something about it being Christmas! Some while later there was a knock on my door and in she walked. "I've come for that coffee you promised" she announced and sat in the spare chair. I had all the necessaries in the office and went about making two coffee's.

She bummed a cigarette off me and then started firing questions at me, such as. "Where do you live"?, "Have you a girlfriend"?

"No girlfriend, wife or other partner" I replied. Her speech was a little slurred and I warned her she might regret this, after drinking so much at lunchtime. Her reply was to the effect, "who cares", no work tomorrow anyway! We chatted about nothing in particular for about an hour, or nothing I can remember now anyway. As it was our last day before the Christmas break I didn't want to be late leaving and we had finished our coffee's. I therefore got up to go, thinking that maybe we could stop off on the way home for a final pre-christmas drink. Zena stood up too and walked to the door in front of me. As I came up behind her she turned and said "Will I regret this as well?"

She then grabbed me round my middle and proceeded to kiss me on the lips with great passion. After the initial shock I found myself responding enthusiastically. We explored each others mouths with our tongues for many minutes, not even coming up for air. I felt Zena's hands move from my hips to my bum and up my back, then back to my bum. At the same time I felt the firmness of her buttocks through her dress. I broke away and said something stupid like "This won't do". I can still remember Zena's reply. "Your not leaving yet!". She grabbed me and again our lips met. I though 'What the hell' and reached down to lift up her skirt. I half expected a reprimand, but as my hand slipped up her stocking leg she just kissed all the harder. By now my penis was hard as a rock and I was sure she could feel it pressing on her belly as we clung together.

I got bolder and slipped my hand inside her panties, enjoying the firm flesh they held. Zena slipped a hand between us and felt my erection through my trousers. Suddenly she thrust her hand down the front of my pants and started to feel the length of my now very wet cock. I slid my hand around to her front and found the hairiest fanny I have ever known. I teased my way through her forest and slipped my middle finger into her crack. She was soaking wet! As I found her love bud I could feel the wetness of her panties pressing on the back of my hand.

As we continued to kiss and feel each others sex I could feel her juices pouring out of her. Then she broke away, and without a word ran out of my office. I was dumbstruck, what was wrong? I grabbed a tissue and mopped myself dry. Quickly throwing the tissue in the bin I zipped my fly and followed her. Where had she gone? By now it was well after five and the place was deserted. After searching for some time I went to my car. It was the only one in the car park. Zena had gone, all I could think about was that I did not know where she lived.

That Christmas was pure agony. I searched my memory for what I could have done wrong, but could think of nothing. I simultaneously longed and dreaded the end of the vacation and the first day back at work. Finally the dreaded day arrived. I deliberately arrived a half hour late and carefully checked the car park, yes! she was in. Twice I manufactured reasons to pass by where she worked, but she never even looked up. I went to lunch in the canteen early and sat by myself, hoping she would sit with me, but she stuck with her usual crowd.

I stayed late, hoping she would come down for a coffee, but no such luck. The next day followed the same pattern and when I left, sure, her car was gone. Should I wait and follow her home? I decided I would give it one more try before I risked that. The next day, a Wednesday, dawned bright and clear. I went in early and as I was getting out of my car, she arrived. I walked over to her. "Oh, hello" she said. I asked her what was wrong, she replied "Nothing".

"So can we go to the pub for lunch" I asked. "If you like, I'll meet you there at one o-clock" she replied in quite an off-hand manner.

I made sure I was at the pub early. When she came in she walked straight over my table and sat down. "What's your poison?" I asked. "Half a lager please" Zena replied. "And to eat"? She hardly glanced at the menu before replying "Oh, special of the day will do" I went to the bar, ordered two specials and got the drinks. While waiting for our food to arrive we swapped notes on what we had done at Christmas. Finally, I could wait no longer -- I had to know, "Why did you run off" I asked. "I had to" she replied. I persisted, "Had to what?". But she clammed up an that was all I could get out of her. Our food arrived and we ate in virtual silence, when we finished I offered her another drink, but she declined saying she had to get back. I was getting nowhere fast!

"Do you want to see me again" I asked. "If you'll have me after my exhibition" she replied. So that was it, she was ashamed! But ashamed of what? "Don't be stupid" I said. "Of course I want to see you". We arranged that I should call round that evening. As I saw her into her car she pecked me on the cheek and said "Thanks".

"For what"? I asked innocently. "For not thinking I'm a slut", she replied through the open window as she drove off. So that was it, she regretted our snogging session at Christmas. Later that afternoon she pooped in to my office briefly and handed me a piece of paper. "How to find me" she announced and hurried out. That evening, after eating I set off to follow her rather confusing directions.

Zena lived in a new part of town, recently developed and not yet on any available maps. She was only a half hour drive from my place, but it took me a lot longer than that. It was nearly nine o'clock by the time I got there. "I thought you'd changed your mind" she said as she answered the door, marring her beautiful face with a sulky expression. "You'd better come in". It was a small studio flat. One bedroom-come living room with a kitchen off to one side and a separate bathroom. She sat me on her settee and went into the kitchen.

"Lager okay? It's all I have, or coffee?"

"Lager's fine" I replied. She brought over two cans and sat next to me. I started to ask again why she had run off, but she wouldn't amplify her earlier answer. We started to kiss, more gently this time. I got bold again and started to unbutton her blouse. I met no resistance. She wasn't wearing a bra and as I fondled her breasts I felt her nipples grow hard, like two firm peas, under the attentions of my fingers.

Soon I was kissing and nuzzling her nipples. Stopping from time to time to admire the view. Her breasts were beautifully proportioned, each about the size of grapefruit and very firm. She leaned forward and took off her blouse. "Now you can have a proper look" she teased. To be honest I stared. She was so beautiful, fantastic tits, great face, but I wasn't staring at her breasts. She had her hands behind her head. I was staring at the hairiest armpits I had ever seen on a woman. The hair extended a little way down the inside of each arm and also in a crescent toward each breast.

"Like the Italian look" she asked. I replied that I certainly did, and, as she looked so apprehensive I leaned forward and kissed her full in her right armpit. That is when I realised why she smelled different form other girls. I already knew she possessed a heady aphrodisian odour. Now I knew where it came from. Not only was she unshaved, she used no deodorants. The smell, though strong, was fresh. I had long appreciated the difference between natural body odour and stale B.O.. I have always had a 'thing' about 'natural' girls for as long as I can recall. I was in seventh heaven.

Zena got up. "Not off again" I teased. "No" she replied, "if you must know, I need a pee". She disappeared into the bathroom and suddenly I knew she was telling the truth. I could hear quite clearly as she pissed into the pan. I was also amazed at how long she went on for. As she came out I got up and cuddled her. Teasingly I asked why she had bothered to pull her panties back on. Her reply was to strip off and leap into bed, before I could have a proper look at her.

I pulled of my clothes and followed her in. As we slowly explored, once again, the inside of each others mouths I explored her body with my free hand. As I remembered she was very hairy between her legs, My hands explored southwards from her breasts. I found a fine line of hair with my fingers. It started at her belly button and widened gradually until about a hands breadth from her crutch it spanned the full width of her lower belly.

As I continued down to explore and tease her clitoris and she parted her thighs to allow me easier access. As she teased my cock with her fingers we broke of kissing. "It's all right" she said. "I'm on the pill". I slipped between her thighs and entered her easily. My, was she wet! As I slid in she shuddered with delight, her first orgasm with me? It wasn't long before I came too and we lay side by side savouring the moment.

"You're not bad" she said. Then she got up and went to the bathroom for another piss. I looked down at where she had been, and, as I suspected the sheet was damp with her juices. When she came back we went straight into round two. This time I took longer and felt Zena orgasm many times before I found release. We talked long into the night, finally falling asleep in each others arms. In the morning I had to dash off to change before work. "Tonight?" she asked as I left. "What do you think" I replied.

It soon became a regular event for me to stay a couple of nights a week and most weekends at her place. One night, as we lay in bed, basking in a post coital glow, Zena asked me if I would mind being honest with her. I replied that I hoped she knew I was always honest with her. She demanded I promise to be honest. I said "Of course, cross my heart and hope to die". Zena went quiet for a moment and then asked "You really like me don't you, you're not just saying it?"

"I love you" I replied, "You know I do".

"And you like me being hairy , you're sure".

"Yes" I said "What is this".

"Will you do me a couple of big favours?"

"Of course" I said, "What did you want to ask".

"Will you grow your beard?"

"If that would please you, yes, of course I will".

"And the other favour" I queried. "You like my natural scent?"

"Yes".

"Really like it?"

"Well you know I like yours as well".

"I had gathered" I replied. "Well, will you stop using deodorant too, all the time, not just weekends". I thought for a moment and replied "For you, of course". This response got me a big wet kiss and a hug.

Our sex life now took on something of a ritual. We no longer hid our friendship at work, no one seemed to mind and most were pleased for us. so we often travelled to work together, except when I had to work in the evenings, then I still stayed at my flat alone, otherwise no work would have been done. When we arrived at Zena's flat we would undress each other. She would nuzzle into my new beard uttering little grunts of satisfaction. She would then lower her head and putting her nose in my armpits' one at a time, inhale deeply.

I would then do the same to her, I must admit I never tired of her scent. Zena would then sink to her knees and taking my cock in her hand, sniff and lick the end, before placing it in her mouth as far as it would go. Then, releasing my penis she would stand up and part her legs ready for inspection. I just loved to look at her furry fanny. The hair on her pubic triangle was long and thick and extended in a thinning line up to her belly button. The other way it thinned slightly and, passing just either side of her cunt, it ended in a ring around her anus.

The outer lips of her cunt were quite long and also covered in hair on the 'outside' surfaces. I would tickle her clitoris with the tip of my tongue and then savour the flavours of her cunt juices. I never said anything to her, but often the strongest smell was that of dried piss. I noticed that her used panties were often stained yellow. I mentioned something once about whether she left it too long to get to the ladies but she ignored the remark, so I dropped it. Funnily enough this did not disgust me, but quite turned me on.

Then, ritual over, we would make a meal together, naked, before collapsing on the bed to watch a little TV. In no time either she would start sucking my penis erect, or, after she returned from the loo I would intercept her and start to lick between her legs. She liked me to lie underneath her while she positioned herself so I could lick her fanny and tease her love bud with my tongue. She also liked a finger up her anus when we made love. I would reach around her thigh to plunge my middle finger in as far as it would go, whilst simultaneously drinking her juices and teasing her clit. Then one Friday night, after several days when she had been moody and rather unresponsive, I brought some flowers and we went to a local restaurant for a meal.

After the main course was served I asked her outright if anything was wrong between us. She denied it emphatically and told me not to be stupid and that I was the best thing that had ever happened to her. We spent the rest of the meal in virtual silence. I could see that she was thinking hard about something, but what, I had no idea. As we left she asked if we could go on to the pub, rather than straight home. There was still an hour left until they closed, so I agreed. By now I was feeling both confused and a little cross. As she drank first one, then another lager in quick succession I asked her again to tell me what was upsetting her. All she would say was "nothing". Just before closing time I excused myself and went to the gents. She was still sitting at our table when I returned.

"Don't you want the ladies" I enquired. "No" she said churlishly and got up to leave. I followed and we drove home in silence. When we got home I started to undress her, as had become our habit, but she stepped away and asked me how much I loved her. Without waiting for a reply she went on to ask if I would still love her if she did something disgusting and unforgivable. I replied that I would, but I couldn't imagine her doing such a thing. She said, "I can't stand this any more, you'll have to know sometime, it might as well be now".

"What", I said, totally baffled. "Have you done something your ashamed of? Tell me, it can't be as bad as you think". Zena replied that if I would be patient, she had something to show me, afterwards she would like to be fucked if I forgave her, so would I strip off and wait a moment. As I stripped and sat on the settee I watched Zena take off all her clothes and then get out an old pair of pale blue tracksuit bottoms from a drawer and put them on. Then she walked into the kitchen and gestured that me to follow.

I went to cuddle her, but she waved me away. Stand there she said, and shut up and watch. I looked at her, baffled as to what this was all about. Zena just stood, looking at me intently, then, pulling the tracksuit bottoms up tight and she said. "Now, watch, closely" She blushed and looked down. My eyes followed hers and I saw that the material between her legs was starting to darken. A satisfied smile played across her lips as the dark patch grew and began to glisten. I realised in astonishment that here was a beautiful girl, my lover, standing in front of me, pissing herself. Her urine spread down her legs, leaving streaks and splashes on the material and then started to spread on the tiled floor in an ever expanding pool. She looked up at me as I stood there with my mouth wide open in astonishment.

"I'll understand if you want to leave and never see me again" she said. "Don't be foolish" I retorted, "I don't understand yet, but I don't mind and I still love you, you can tell what I think if you look" I said, pointing to my erect penis. She grinned her wicked grin and looked relieved (in more ways that one!) To further prove to her I was far from disgusted I hugged her and kissed her, then reaching between her legs I felt the wetness there. She was still pissing! I could feel her pee running hotly between my fingers. Zena grasped my erection and began to masturbate me slowly. I slipped my hand inside the tracksuit, just in time to feel the last dribbles of her piss ooze from her cunt onto my eager fingers. I was about to come when she stopped wanking me and stepped away.

"A long time ago I had a genuine accident" She said, blushing again like a naughty schoolgirl who has been caught out. "My mother would have been very cross if she had known. It was a sunny day, so I walked around until I was quite dry. I found I liked the feeling of being naughty, and the wetness turned me on. I made my mum happy by telling her I would do my own washing in future. But this was to cover for what I was really up to. I used to go for long walks in the countryside with a bottle of pop and when I couldn't hold it any longer I used to squat down and piss my knickers.

In the summer I would occasionally go into town, then I would just stand still somewhere quiet and wet down my legs, even fill my shoes sometimes. Afterwards I would go back to my room and masturbate, still wearing my wet panties. Later I discovered I felt sexy when had a full bladder so I got into the habit of saving up my wee before masturbating.

I learned, after a couple of embarrassing accidents, to do this sitting on the loo because I tended to piss myself when I came. I lost my first boyfriend that way when we got carried away once and I wet his mum's settee. How he explained it to his parents I don't know because he chucked me out of the house and never spoke to me again! I have since learned to control myself by always going to the loo before sex."

"Yes I had noticed" I interrupted. Zena blushed again, but continued "It has been difficult with you however, because I love you so much and it was getting harder and harder to hide this side of myself from you. You must understand, although I nearly always come when we have sex it is twice as good for me with a full bladder. You're not too disgusted are you"?

After such a long speech I felt that there was only one way to prove to her I really didn't mind, the same way I had when she had worried about her armpits. I pulled off her wet tracksuit and used it to mop up most of the puddle. Then I dragged her to the bed and without wiping away the droplets of piss that clung to her ample bush I proceeded to suck and lick off the piss from between her legs and off her fanny. "You really don't mind" she said. "No it's lovely" I said, "any problem? Don't you believe me?"

"What do you think of the taste?" she asked "Not bad, bit salty, but it's yours and anything that's yours turns me on"! I then made to fuck her as requested but she stopped me and asked, "Can we wait a bit until I fill up again"? I replied "I do mind, anything for you".

"Then in that case please get me a larger while I do something". When I came back with her drink, she was putting a rubber sheet on the bed. "Had this for ages" she said, as she saw the astonished look in my eyes "just in case it was okay with you"

We sat together naked on the settee, quietly smoking and drinking. Absentmindedly I fondled her pubes. "Can I ask you something"? I said. "Sure" Zena replied "No more secrets".

"When I go down on you, you often smell quite strongly of piss, now I don't mind, but why? My other girlfriends never did, fish yes, but piss, no". That's probably because she wiped herself with a tissue" said Zena. "What do you do then"? I asked. "I nearly always have a little wank when I piss, and then I wipe myself dry on my bush. Why? Do you want me to stop?"

"No" I said, "Just curious, that's all". That explains the yellow stains on her panties I thought to myself. "I have another little confession" Zena said. "Now, you remember that I told you just now that I can't have sex without peeing first".

"Yes" I said, "I remember".

"Well, that is why I ran away so suddenly that time in your office. I was about to wet myself. I couldn't come back, you would have known.

"How" I asked. "I lost control in the ladies before I got to the loo. I started to seriously dribble my knickers before I got there. When I got in I only had time to sit immediately, otherwise I would have left a tell tale puddle. Thank God no one else was in there, anyway I pissed my skirt as well as my knickers. I managed to sneak out but I had to drive home in a wet skirt".

"I wouldn't have cared" I said. "I think it would have made me fuck you in the office! Now look at all the time you've wasted"! At this point I realised I needed a pee too. As I went to the bathroom she followed. "You don't mind I hope" she said. What could I say! As I stood before the toilet she said "Don't be boring, do it in the bath". Suddenly I lost the urge, but Zena turned on the cold tap in the sink which had the desired effect. As I started to piss in the bath she took my cock in her hand and waved it around "I've always wanted to do this" she said. Then as I finished she bent down and licked up the last few drops from the end of my penis. "Mmm, lovely" she exclaimed.

As we finished our drinks she said she thought she was ready. "Ready for what", I teased "A very wet fuck stupid" she replied and lay on the bed. I slid in easily, no foreplay needed. As we fucked she held me tight and licked my armpits. Then as I was just beginning to come I felt her vagina tighten and then she squeezed me as she came. The effect on me was to make me come, there and then. As I did so I felt Zena come again, even more strongly than last time. Then I felt it, my balls were suddenly very hot and very wet. I could feel the force of her jet against the very base of my cock. Believe it or not I began to get hard again and I reached down for her arse hole.

She let out a squeal of delight as my finger slipped in. The smell of piss was intoxicating and the thought of her lying in a pool of her own piss turned me on so much I was soon stiff again and without ever coming out, started to fuck her again. Zena went wild and started to scratch my back, she came again and again. As I fucked her, her arse made the sloshing noises against the wet rubber and I could feel the pool of her piss rise and fall between my knees and my balls. Then at last I it was my turn, my cock started to collapse almost before I finished coming. I was spent. I slipped out and lay between her legs, exhausted with pleasure. As I lay there, I felt her pee again as it warmed up the now cool pissy pond we were lying in.

After a while we got up and dripping onto the carpet, ran the bath and got in together. After our bath we cleaned up. Finally we collapsed into bed. "Was that okay then?" she asked. "What do you think?!" We fell asleep in each others arms............................

(to be continued)

Translation Notes:-

Arse = Bum, But, Rear

Canteen = A restaurant supplied and run by the company

Fanny = Cunt, Quim, Vagina

Larger = Beer (of sorts!)

Loo = Toilet, Head, John also bathroom

Bathroom = a small room with a toilet and bath and in this series - a shower

