AN UNSEASONABLY WARM THANKSGIVING

Author: William Abbott

This barely qualifies as a story. It's really just a daydream about (gosh, can you guess?) a scantily clad woman desperate to pee, who might or might not wet her pants before we're done.

Let's see what happens...

It’s the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, and it’s unseasonably warm. So warm that she and I decide to drive to the beach. So warm that she’s dressed in cutoffs. They’re really short, they’re really tight, and they’re so frayed that they’re actually worn through in places. Up top she’s got a tee shirt, cropped above her belly button and thin as tissue paper. A hundred washings and a hundred times through the dryer have left it nearly transparent. Look closely, and you can see the dark circles of her areolas.

And she’s not even trying to be sexy today, just casual. She slept naked, cuddled up next to me, and when she rolled out of bed this morning she just pulled on whatever lay rumpled on the floor. Clean underwear was buried in the suitcase somewhere, and she’s small enough to be comfortable going without a bra, so the clothes you see are all the clothes she’s wearing. She can’t help how cute she looks. Or how scorchingly hot.

For the trip, she pulls on sneakers and an oversized white hoodie and grabs a few sodas out of the mini-fridge. Thirsty, you know. Don’t want to dehydrate.

It’s a long drive, and of course everything’s closed for the holiday. And of course, we’re not even halfway there when she asks me to stop at the next place where there might be a bathroom.

But there’s nothing. Of course there’s nothing.

She crosses her legs, and before long she’s squirming in her seat. She complains, “I have to gooooo!” and asks “How much further?” but we have a ways to go yet. She looks worried. She undoes the button on her waistband. I have to remember to keep my eyes on the road, but I risk little split-second glances. A while later she unzips. Just to take the pressure off, you understand. Very tight shorts over a swollen bladder. Now wispy curls of pubic hair peek out through the open zipper. Eyes on the road! She bounces in her seat, she rocks back and forth, she moans that she might not make it, and by the time we get there she’s knocking her knees together, scissoring her bare thighs open and closed, open and closed, and I’m hard as a rock in my pants.

I remember there are bathrooms here—a little white building to one side of the parking lot. I’ll park as close as I can. She’s going to leap out of the car as soon as it stops. With her pants already unzipped, she’ll run as fast as she can to the ladies’ room. She might be pulling her pants down before she’s even through the door, or maybe they’ll be falling down on their own, hobbling her as they slip down her thighs. At least the hoodie hangs down low enough to cover her open fly, though if the pants do fall down, her naked bottom will peek out.

Will she even make it to the bathroom? She might. Though she might leak a little on the way, lose a few drops on the floor once she’s inside, piss against the waistband as she’s pulling her pants down, wet the seat as she’s getting into position. Then she’ll pee and pee and pee, the most satisfying piss she’s had all year, and I will have been here for the lead-up to it. My heart glows. My dick is throbbing.

Only, hang on a minute. It’s November. Will the bathrooms even be open? No, of course they’re not. You can see her now as she runs up to the small white building, only to find padlocks and boarded windows.

Oh no! What will she do? She’ll have to go outside of course. She might even pee right where she is, sit down on the worn granite stoop hugging her knees to send a stream down into the dirt right there, in front of the bathroom door. Or maybe she’ll come back to the car and squat down next to it and piss loudly on the pavement. She could open the car door for a little cover, I suppose. Will she tell me not to look?

I really shouldn’t look.

Only, here’s the thing: it’s a really warm day. Will there be other people there? Of course there are. Look around. The lot has at least a dozen other cars, and here comes another van now.

Watch as people spill out of it with picnic baskets, a cooler, Frisbees, footballs. She sees them, too, and her eyes are wide with horror. She really has to go. She crosses her legs and flexes her knees, holding on. My dick is straining against my fly.

She’ll have to go around back of the building. She comes up to the car and says, “Come with me. Stand guard.” She’s bouncing on the balls of her feet, hopping from foot to foot, and when she walks back to the little house, it’s with mincing steps. She rounds the corner...but wait. Behind the building there’s a fence, skinny slats with open spaces between, and beyond the fence is someone’s back yard. In fact, there is a whole row of houses whose back yards abut the parking lot. There are windows overlooking. There are people inside, moving about behind those windows.

She can’t pee back here. Can’t can’t can’t.

She’ll keep on walking, hobbling all the way around and out to the front of the building again. Out into the parking lot. Will she use the car for cover after all? Open it part way, sit on the running board, slide her cutoffs down to her knees, close her eyes, pretend the rest of the world doesn’t exist...and pisssss. Don’t mind little ole’ me. Nothing to see here, move along. Just a loud splashing hissing roaring rushing water sound.

Ssssssssssss. Just a big puddle. Only pissing on the pavement, out here in the bright sunny wide open parking lot, nothing conspicuous about that at all.

She can’t pee here. Can’t pull down her pants and pee right out here where people might see. But she has to. Has to has to has to! And can’t.

She’ll just wet herself. What else can she do? Standing there, bursting, can’t even stand still now, but nowhere to go. Nowhere to go. Just go? Go in her pants. Only we’ve got no change of clothes with us. If she pees in her pants, she’ll be wet for the rest of the day, or at least until we get home. No, she can’t do that. She’ll hold on, hold on, hold it in. Of course she will. For the moment.

She can’t hold it. Can’t can’t can’t. Only she has to. Can’t pee in her pants. Can’t let go. She’ll hold it. There’s nothing else to do.

And I’m throbbing. Drooling with pre-cum.

It gets dark early in November. It’s late afternoon. Can she hold out until dark? I’ll stand next to her while she waits, hold her hand, feel the warmth of her against my side. Feel her squirming. Can she wait that long? She’ll pace back and forth, put her hands in her pockets to grip herself surreptitiously or tug her shorts up, grinding them into the slit of her vulva. World’s deepest camel toe, maybe a few wisps of pubic hair spilling out to either side at the tops of her thighs.

Just hold on, gritting her teeth, pacing, squirming, dancing, trying not to think about it. Can she? (And can I keep my hands off of her if she tries? Will she get mad if I kiss her when she’s in this much distress? Feel her up? God, if she pees in her pants, I might cum in mine.) Only it’s not dark yet. Truth to tell, it won’t be for a while yet. Twenty minutes until the sun goes down? More like half an hour, and then there’s the lingering twilight. No, she can’t possibly last that long. She’ll die. She’ll burst. She’ll explode.

But what can she do??? Out in the open. People around. Bright sun. Wide open sky, wide open sea. Totally exposed. Naked in front of everyone if she pulls down her pants, wetting herself if she doesn’t. Exposed either way, when she wants to hide. No privacy, no cover, nowhere to go. Can she please, please, please just take a goddamn piss???

No. Of course she can’t.

Not here not here not here. But how about down on the beach? Yes, that’s it. The beach. Walk along until we find a secluded spot, then sit on the sand. Maybe she could kneel and slide her shorts down just far enough to accomplish the deed, sit back on her heels and piss between her feet. That wouldn’t be too obvious. She’ll use the hem of her oversized hoodie to cover herself. It’ll look like she’s wearing longer shorts, that’s all. I can even sit right next to her, just two people gazing out at the ocean. Then she’ll be able to let go. Relax at last. A jet of water drilling into the sand, draining away, disappearing without a trace as her bladder empties. Relief. Blessed relief! Oh God, she needs to relieve herself!

And I need my own kind of relief. My dick is so hard it hurts. I’m almost shaking from arousal. Can I make out with her after she pees? Oh God, I want to kiss her so bad right now.

I follow as she hobbles down the boardwalk, almost doubled over, pulling up hard on her unzipped pants, grinding them into her crotch. The boardwalk leads to steps down an embankment. Just a little further now. This can work as long as there aren’t too many people down there.

Oh dear. Lots of people. Coolers. Beach umbrellas. Somebody over there is even making a bonfire from driftwood. And this public beach is only a small slice of the shoreline with fences at either side. Signs that say PRIVATE BEACH NO TRESPASSING. And windows in the houses overlooking.

What can she do? What can she do? Holding my hand, her grip is suddenly so tight she’s almost crushing my fingers.

I guess she’ll pee in her pants. A sudden golden stream cascading down her thighs, down her calves. A dark wet spot spreading out around her crotch, wicking up the seam in back, spreading until her whole butt is wet. Never mind the change of clothes she doesn’t have, never mind skin irritation, never mind sitting in wet pants the whole way home... what she’s aware of is that everyone would see. She’s right out in the open. We’re standing at the top of the steps, and we can hear footsteps approaching from behind.

That whole vanload of newcomers is clomping down the boardwalk now, to squeeze past us on their way to the beach. She can’t let go here. She can’t.

She’ll have to pee in the water. That’s the only thing. Wade out into the ocean, until the water is just up to crotch level, and then just let it go where no one can see. Her pants will still be wet but only with seawater. They’ll dry eventually, and they won’t smell of piss.

We hurry down the steps, and she’s careful to step gently. The waves look like barely more than ripples, but the beach is so flat that they race up along the sand for tens of yards, leaving it glistening as they retreat. The sound is a steady, rhythmic sloshing, slushing, whooshing sound. Will just the sound and the sight of all that water make her lose control? No no no no no!

What about walking over wet sand? Glistening wet sand. Water sinking down into the sand and then another wave racing up, froth and bubbles at its leading edge, and the sound, swooshhhh... hyahhhh... shwooshhhhhhhh.... Could she hold it long enough to even get out into the water? She’d have to dance and writhe and shake and shimmy and grip herself with both hands. Only, people. All the other people down here on the beach, and her right there amongst them. She’d have to stand still. At least try to stand still. Stand as still as she can, though she’d still have to do some wriggling. Would anyone notice?

We’ve reached the bottom of the stairs now. Stepping out onto the sand, she kicks off her sneakers. Under our feet, warm, dry, soft sand gives way to wet sand, cool and firm. She can do this. This can work. Only, when the next wave comes sluicing up the beach to break over her feet and churn around her ankles, it’s cold as ice. She shrieks, backpedaling up onto the dry sand again. Did she wet herself? I look down at her crotch. There’s a wet spot, but she only lost a spurt. Just a tablespoon or two, by the look of it—enough to make a little spot of heat between her legs that will cool quickly if any trickles down her legs. She clamps down, crossing her legs and bending over. Writhing. Never mind that everyone can see. Never mind how obvious she is.

She’ll have to dive in. If she’s going to pee in the water, she’ll have to run, not walk. Run out past the shallows until the sandy bottom falls away and she’s crotch deep. If she tries to take it slow, she’ll be pissing herself the whole way out, waterfall pouring from her crotch into the sea while everyone watches. So she’ll run, and maybe dive. Because in about five seconds she’s going to pee no matter where she is or how hard she tries not to.

Only, wait. She’s wearing this baggy sweatshirt. She grasps the hem of her hoodie and in one swift motion she has it over her head. She’ll have to be careful so the tee shirt underneath doesn’t come off with it. That would be something, wouldn’t it? She’s got the hoodie up around her head now. Her hair comes down in front of her face as she pulls it loose and turns inside out as she gets her arms free. The tee shirt didn’t come off, but it did ride up her back and it’s bunched up around her shoulders now, over the back of her head. The only thing covering her breasts is the sweatshirt still bundled in her arms, and she has to let go of that right away to catch her unzipped pants that are slipping down off her bottom. I fumble for the hem of her tee shirt, pulling it back in place, and then I take the hoodie while she pulls her pants back up. And all this while... she’s... not... peeing.

My pants are tented way out in front. I’m grateful for something to hold in front of me.

She’s going to run out into the ocean...in that tee shirt? The hoodie was supposed to cover her while we were out. She hadn’t planned to be in public without it. Now, with the light of the setting sun hitting her face-on, I really can see her nipples right through the tee shirt. Desperate times, desperate measures. She’s not exactly naked. Not quite. And once she’s in the water she can at least discretely zip up her pants. Only, that tee shirt... Once she dives into the water, it really will be transparent. She’ll come back with it clinging to her skin, rosy pink skin all over—her back, her belly, her breasts—and the difference between that and naked is not worth mentioning.

She can’t do that.

Can’t...

...can’t...

...hold...

...it.

Until, standing right there in front of me, she really does lose control. Hot jet spurting between her legs, water running full blast. Flooding her crotch, warm as bathwater as it snakes down her inner thighs. Faded denim suddenly dark with piss, spreading to the sides along the creases at the V of her crotch. She’s really doing it. She’s really going in her pants, because she couldn’t help it. The denim is saturated, wringing wet, beads of piss starting to drip from the frayed edges. Right out here on the crowded beach, in front of everyone. Is anyone looking?

Well... I'm looking. If course I am.

She sinks to her knees, making deep dents in the wet sand, and then sits back onto her heels. Pissing into the ocean now. Not even trying to hold it back. And the ocean runs up to join her. An icy cold wave surges over her knees and up the channel between her legs, the water only an inch deep—now two inches—now three, and then the sea is kissing her. Kissing her where I want to. Hot wet must suddenly feel icy cold and wet, but her hot pee is still gushing as the wave retreats, salty seawater and salty piss both flowing down the beach, back out into the sea, leaving the sand glistening and shiny and then the wave comes rushing in to do it again.

And now I crouch down next to her. I hold the bundled hoodie against my chest to keep it dry, but let the waves lather my bare feet and wet the cuffs of my jeans. I rest a hand on her shoulder for balance and she lays her hand over mine. I lean towards her and kiss the top of her head. My hard-on finds a new position in the folds of my jeans. It will show when I stand up, no way to conceal it, but it’s just possible that she got away undetected, that nobody has noticed that she pee in her pants. Her tee shirt is still mostly dry, her breasts still covered, though thinly. I am fiercely, desperately aroused.

Her pants will be dry again soon enough. And come dark, I will take her in my arms, kiss her deeply, run my hands all over her body and under her clothes. I’ll pull them off of her and kiss her naked, maybe up in the car or maybe, if everyone leaves, down here on the beach. I’ll make her cum hard and loud, as helpless when she cums as she was when she peed, and then I’ll fuck her like a wave of the ocean, surging the length of her body and crashing over her, retreating to leave her glistening with sweat before rushing in to kiss her again.

Of course I will.

