The Special College - Part 2

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-22)

From that point on Mrs. Anderson had taken complete control over Emily’s bathroom break schedule. It became quite regular for days to pass between pees for Emily. She could recall with great vividness the time Mrs. Anderson made her go to a bar and enter a holding contest there after already having been four days without a toilet. Emily won a desperate battle against the champion of the bar, who herself had peed just before the beginning of the contest. They downed pint after pint, until Emily wanted to nearly cry from the fullness, but her competitor could take no more, and hurried off to the bathrooms.

Emily then looked forward to her own relief, but Mrs. Anderson denied it to her until the following morning. The constant training of Emily’s bladder increased its size and endurance greatly, however. Within a few weeks, her bladder held 5 liters for the first time. Months passed, and eventually Emily was able to hold in her pee for a full week. Her first week-long hold resulted in a capacity of 5.2 liters, and both Emily and Mrs. Anderson marveled at it.

Emily’s increased abilities also gave her ego a substantial boost. She began to brag more than ever about her bladder’s dimensions and power. “I am the pee queen! No one can match my bladder’s immensity!” Emily would yell to all who would listen. Then she would show them her bulging abdomen, filled to the brim with liquid. Mrs. Anderson soon found it to be rather irritating, and resolved to teach Emily a lesson. A week-long camping trip was coming up for the school, and it was very important because the all-girls school met up with an all-boys school at the campsite.

The all-boys school was mainly about orgasm denial and not pee holding, and this was a great test for the boys there, having to keep their horniness under control while watching girls parade around in skimpy swimsuits. Mrs. Anderson recalled that in the past many girls, especially Emily, made fun of the boys there for their rather small bladders and frequent needs to urinate. Mrs. Anderson vowed that this time the tables would be turned on poor Emily.

Emily fully expected to be made to last the entire camping trip without peeing. It would be another week-long test from Mrs. Anderson, and Emily was happy to comply with it. She was loving having her bladder pushed to such new limits. No one could match her bladder now, and Emily felt that her bladder was becoming totally infallible. She was about to discover how wrong she was.

130 hours of hot, steaming pee was pushing desperately at Emily’s tiring sphincter muscle when she awoke the day of the camping trip. Ignoring it as best she could while fidgeting around, she got her bags ready to go and loaded her things onto the bus. Then she met up with Mrs. Anderson. Emily fully expected to be getting her final pee break at this time, and she was looking forward to it. Mrs. Anderson, however, simply told her to have a good time and that she would be watching her, and then they entered the bus to leave. As they sat down, Mrs. Anderson looked over at her. “Oh, one more thing, you won’t be peeing until we return to the school.”

Emily couldn’t believe it. She was rapidly approaching desperation, and Mrs. Anderson expected her to hold on for another week! There was no way she could last that long. But on the other hand, she couldn’t let Mrs. Anderson down that easily, so Emily vowed to try her very best. They reached the campsite in the afternoon, and Emily was jiggling constantly. She tried to keep her composure around the boys as much as she could, but it was an extremely tough battle to fight.

Emily went to bed without further problems, but the next morning she was unable to keep from tapping her feet and twisting her legs as often as possible. As she continued through her day, with Mrs. Anderson supplying her more than enough to drink, Emily surpassed 160 hours of holding with a deluge of crotch-grabbing. When Emily went to bed that night, she was holding a new record, 169 hours worth of pent up piss.

Emily awoke the next morning with 178 hours of pee holding to her credit, but she had reached her limit. As she sat eating breakfast in the mess hall, Emily knew that her bladder was about to explode. As she passed by some boys by the lake on the way to her cabin, moving at a crawl because of her bladder’s overload, the inevitable finally happened. Piss gushed out through her short shorts from her melon-like bladder. Emily tried in vain to hold it in, but her bladder had been defeated by 179 hours without peeing. The boys catcalled her, and as relieved as Emily was after her seemingly endless torrent, it still embarrassed her. From a distance, Mrs. Anderson looked on and smiled. She now knew that even Emily’s bladder had a limit, and as she patted her own expanding abdomen, Mrs. Anderson knew she could beat it.

###


COMMENTS - 2

CrystalRay64 - Jan 29, 2015

As incredibly sexy as this concept is this story is just too short! You MUST continue this! You simply MUST!

kermit2y - Oct 3, 2014

Great! Thanks!

Hope you will continue this one

