Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 03
	Deepika struggle to study in the college library.
Author: sin138

Chapter 3 – The next day

"Wake up!"

Deepika jumped as Hridhya yelled.

"What did you do to Anuj?"

"Nothing," Deepika sleepily replies. "He made me suck his dick, and I did. We forgot about the gum in my mouth."

"I-I-I," Hridhya stutters in frustration. "Go take a shower! I'll get your clothes ready."

"It's 7:00," Deepika whines. "I thought the movie's at 2:00pm"

"You have your reverse curfew, slut," Hridhya replies. "You are not to be in the room between 8am to 6pm."

Deepika struggles to get to the bathroom to take a shower. One of the good things about her apartment is that instead of a bucket to use, she can take a shower. She woke up with the warm flow of the clear liquid touching her body. Mixing the liquid soap into the loofa, she creates a foamy lather, to rub over her body, with extra attention in between her legs. After she finished, she dries herself, and brush her teeth. As soon as she moisturizes her skin, and apply the appropriate makeup, she comes out, with her towel to see Hridhya.

"What are you wearing?" Hridhya snaps, as she pulls the towel off. "Do you need a reminder of what the rules are?"

"Sorry Hridhya-"

"What did you call me?" Hridhya asks angrily.

"Maam," Deepika says back. "Hridhya Maam."

"Get the sheet and read the rules again."

Deepika takes out the paper and reads it aloud:


I, Deepika, have accepted the title of "NRI Slut." Much like the MBBS curriculum, I have a slut curriculum to follow. The curriculum has been planned and decided by the administration. I have nothing that belongs to me, and anything I do own, and is with me in India, has been graciously given to my provider. As an NRI slut I must follow the following basic rules.

1.I must call everyone sir/madam, as I am their student, and everyone is my professor

2.I must follow the dress code while I am in the apartment, which is to be fully naked in the apartment, unless I am given permission to wear clothes. Socks, shoes, and eyewear however are allowed.

3.I do not own anything. Anything I may have possessed, has been graciously donated to the administration.

4.I have a reverse-curfew. Between 8:00am to 6:00pm, I will not have access to my apartment. The administration, and a few high ranking professors shall have the keys to the apartment. If I wish to enter within those times, I must ask permission from one of them.

5.If my slut curriculum clashes with my MBBS curriculum, the slut curriculum takes first priority, no matter what.

6.I will be given assignments throughout the year that I must complete. If I don't, then I will not be qualified for the final exams.

7.If I pass the final exams, then I shall advance to the next stage of my slutdom. If I fail however, I shall either be expelled from this school (along with my medical school) or accept any punishment given by the administration, to advance to the next stage.

8.Telling anyone about my curriculum will lead to immediate expulsion.

9.If I ever get caught, following the slut curriculum, I will take full responsibility, and I will not mention any other person involved. Dodging such responsibility will result with expulsion.

"Exactly," Hridhya snarls. "I'm giving you a free pass now, because you need to pass the supplies (supplementary exams), though I shouldn't because you put Anuj in the hospital."

She pushes Deepika onto the bed, and steps on her pussy. Deepika, winces a little.

"Does not feel pleasant right?"

Deepika says nothing.

"Answer me!"

"No, it doesn't," she answers.

"Then don't hurt us either," Hridhya warns the naked teen. "Put this on."

Hridhya throws a fabric towards Deepika. It was a sheer fabric with some gold patterns over it.

"But this is just a shawl!" Deepika cries.

"But this is just a shawl," Hridhya repeats mocking her voice. "You're going to the library, bitch. Then you'll join us at the theatre in the evening. Put the damn thing on, or I'll do it."

Deepika struggles to find a way to tie it around her, while covering her private areas. The length barely goes around her body, and the width is enough to just cover her breasts, and nether regions. After she put it on, she looks in the mirror. The patterns do not even cover the nipples. Her slit is visible through the material.

"I can't go like this," she pleads. "I will get arrested."

"Why should I care?" Hridhya asks dismissively.

"Please, can I wear something else, something that will at least cover my privates and nipples?"

"Oh alright," Hridhya sighs, as she pulls it off. "If it will stop you from whining, then I got something else. That means you have to wear this too."

She picks up the old Nokia phone from the table, and turns to Deepika.

"Spread 'em."

Deepika at first was hesitant, but Hridhya pushes her on the bed again, asks her again.

"I can gently insert it in if you allow me Deepika," she says smiling. "Or I can shove it up so hard, that it hurts. The choice is yours."

Deepika reluctantly spreads her legs, allowing Hridhya access to her snatch. She slowly inserts the plastic phone inside. Deepika shudders at the cold phone.

"I won't make you piss yourself like yesterday," she assures the NRI. "And if I need you, I'll call through your smart phone. However as you might have noticed, Airtel can be really annoying with their junk s.m.s. and calls. Enjoy that while you study."

She throws another fabric to Deepika. While not transparent, it still was very thin. Even worse, the length barely covers her body. After she ties it around her body, she notices a gap between the two ends, whenever she sits. Even the height appears less. Her nipples may be covered, but the its so short, that she had push the cloth down to barely cover her pussy. However, by doing so the top of the cloth is barely one centimeter above her nipples. If she sits, or even walks, everyone will know she is naked underneath.

"This is ridiculous Hridh- I mean maam," she whines. "I can't show myself like this."

"Think of it as punishment for making Anuj suffer," Hridhya snaps. "Thanks to your scheme, everyone thinks that Anuj masturbates with gum. So don't go complaining about feeling humiliated with this dress slut."

"It's not my fault. He made up some new rules without you though," Deepika talks back, showing the guidelines she was made to write.

"I can't believe you're making a fuss about your reading material," Hridhya mocked. "I was planning on testing your knowledge after the exams, but with this much attitude, let's do it now. Recite to me all the guidelines.

Stunned, Deepika starts stuttering the guidelines out.

"First one is, thatmy opinions don't matter and I am here for other's enjoyment. Second isI must do what others tell me, unless there's a chance they will be caught and punished.Next isI accept anything as a gift, and be thankful I have it. Last isI have to fuck whoever gives me the gift, if they expect me too."

"I don't approve of the paraphrasing," Hridhya comments. "But you are almost correct. What do you mean by caught and punished?"

"Umm well, I mean if there's a chance if the police or teachers catch us, then I can say no. You don't want to be caught right?"

"It's not just the police," Hridhya explains. "It's anyone. If you are caught with someone having sex, and that person is judged by others, then you are not following the rules of an NRI slut. They should feel safe. You on the other hand, don't matter. It's clear you did not read, write down this next rule."

Deepika was to sit on the table until Hridhya yelled, "STOP, we don't have time for you to sit. Use the wall."

As soon as she wrote the rule, Hridhya had her recite the rules again.

The NRI slut list of Guidelines

1.My opinions and requests do not matter. I only exist to please others, and not the other way around, unless it is orgasm..

2.The only time I can say no to something, only if it hurts someone else's dignity, respect, or character perception from others. If activity does not touch the above stated, and only my dignity, respect, and character is at risk, I must still participate.

3.Anything given to me should be treated as a gift. If it's edible, I will happily ingest it. If it is not edible, I will happily receive it. If it is a statement about me, I will thank them for the compliment. As a slut I am not worthy for such gifts, as I am just an object and not a person.

4.If the giver asks in return my body to be used, I must oblige.

5.If I need to use the bathrooms outside, then I must only use the men's toilet. As a slut, I feel no shame in being around men and their penises.

"Make another mistake and I'll add another rule," Hridhya threatens. "Get your heels on. I got your purse and bag ready."

As Deepika puts on her stiletto heels, she notices that her butt ends up sticking out of her 'dress.' She takes her bag from Hridhya to find her library card, school ID, and her actual phone. However there is no cash inside. She is expected to walk to the library. Hridhya takes out a pill similar to what Anuj gave her yesterday.

"What exactly is that?"

"I don't know, and I don't care," Hridhya replies. "Just take the pill."

After she swallowed the suspicious pill, she is then rushed by Hridhya out of the apartment. Hridhya locks the doors and tells Deepika to leave when she gets a message from Hridhya. A few minutes later, her phone beeps signalling for her to leave. Alone in the hallway, Deepika takes a deep breath as she starts walking to the library.

She takes the elevator to the ground floor, and passes the guard, who is still asleep. Does this guy ever work? The road had a couple cars pass by, but it was nothing until she reached the main road.

Cars are honking by, and she nearly gets run over by a speeding van. She jumps, granting many people a window to her nether regions. Her right side of the body is in full view either way. She wants to run fast, but the stilettos make it difficult to even walk on the roads riddled with potholes. Along with that, she had to squeeze hard to make sure the phone does not drop. What doesn't help is the buzzing from the phone. She had to pause momentarily as her frustration within her built up to finally be released in the form of fire between her legs. Finally she arrives at the library, only to be stopped by the guard.

Showing her photo ID to the guard, he still would not budge. She kept begging him to let him in, but he still kept insisting no. Unsure what to do, she flips her 'dress' to the side to reveal her naked body to the stunned guard. Every time she used her body to get her way, it always backfired. Perhaps today is her lucky break. The smile on the guard seems to say yes.

He directed her to go under the table as he sat back down. Feeling cramped in side, she struggled to remove his fly and take out his cock. It has proven to be more difficult than she had hoped, as searched through is thick forest of pubes. Finally she finds his penis and wraps her lips around. The musky stench floods her nose as it touches his pubes. However she legs on, despite the taste of dried up sweat. It is clear he has not washed his balls for weeks. After a few minutes she feels her head being pushed onto his groin by his hands. Her mouth is filled with cum, as she attempts to breathe through the thick forest. She gasps for air, the moment he released her head. However by doing so, she spills the jizz on to the ground. Fortunately none of it lands on the guard or either of their clothes.

She gets up, and the guard happily lets her in, but not before slapping her exposed butt. As soon as the door closes, she straightens her 'dress' and walks up the staircase. Since class is going on, the library is mostly empty. The only exceptions are students like her who studied for the supplementary exams, first years and final years. Every time she walks, the stilettos will clunk on the hard floor. She hears her smart phone beep, in her purse. She opens to a message from Anuj:


Hridhya tells me u in lib

study in the common study hall on the second floor

I want ppl to c u cunt

There was no way they would know where she sat, so she goes up a few more stairs to a more secluded part of the library. Only one student and a librarian are there. She finds a desk and tries to sit down. The cold steel touches her butt, and the right leg sticks out through the opening of her dress. The phone keeps ringing inside her, but she labours on. By 12:30pm, 3 more people sit inside. She tries hard to not make a sound, but if anyone walks to the front, they will notice half of her uncovered body, and her red, and sweaty face. She wants to just reach inside her and fuck herself with the phone, but with more people in the room, she cannot afford to make a scene.

Some sound can be heard if one is close enough, and that is the squelching sound from her skin moving slightly sliding on the chair covered in pussy juice.

Feeling saturated from the reading, and her clitoris swollen from the vibrations, Deepika decides to start going through her phone. Her first reaction, 'what has Hridhya done to her phone?'

She can't access her facebook, or her emails. Every website has been blocked. She clicked on a bookmark to find it open to a porn site. Her WhatsApp is on fortunately, but somehow the ability to message people has been disabled, with the exception to Anuj and Hridhya. Instead of what Hridhya did to her phone, the question is how Hridhya was able to do that in the first place. More importantly, what other features that has been removed from her phone?

"PINK LIPS! PINK LIPS! PINK LIPS! PINK LIPS!"

Her pussy phone is ringing! She tries to bolt to the bathroom, as fast as stilettos covered feet can travel. The knot around her 'dress' starts unravelling. Before it drops on the floor, Deepika quickly catches the cloth. Deepika flees through the confused group of students. The only fortunate thing is that none of them are from her batch. Problem is that the ringtone is attracting a lot more unwanted attention, ringing throughout the library. She glances around the floor, with no luck in finding a bathroom. She runs down the flight of stairs passing by a couple glancing at the apparent streaking teen, and reaches the first floor. Right before her eyes, the sign "Ladie's Toilet" is in front of her. She runs inside, and locks it, only to find Hridhya standing by the sink with her phone on her hand. The moment she hung up, the song stopped. She starts laughing as Deepika desperately tries to cover herself.

"I'm disappointed Deepika," Hridhya mocked, as she grabbed the cloth. Not only did you disobey one of your 'professors,' but you also broke one of your rules. Can you tell me which one?"

Deepika suddenly remembers the new rule that was added.

"If I need to use the bathrooms outside, then I must only use the men's toilet."

"Exactly," Hridhya sternly tells. "And I think Anuj ordered you to study not upstairs, but in the common study room right?"

"But, I was in a common room?" Deepika nervously points out.

"No one from our batch goes up there," Hridhya scolds the naked teen. "And you disobeyed an order."

Deepika does not know what will happen. Surely she will not be left in the library with just her heels and glasses.

"You're lucky I'm in a generous mood," Hridhya states. "I will forgive of your insubordination if you do what I tell you."

"What do you want?" Deepika knew this would happen.

"I'm going to that movie tonight, but the others don't really like me," Hridhya admits. "It's some silly scuffle about leaving you to get caught by the matron or something."

Deepika blood boils a bit. She got kicked out of the hostel because of that 'silly scuffle.'

"Anyways," she continues. "When we meet up, you must explain to them that you not only forgave me, but that we are now besties."

"Why would they believe that?"

"Find a way," she snarls. "Secondly we must get the others involved, but without them knowing what's really happening... Don't worry that little head of yours, I'll figure it out. The third thing however is- wait for it... an assignment!"

The excited Hridhya applauds at her own statement. Deepika just blankly stares. She takes out of her bag a full plastic bag.

"You must be hungry right?"

Deepika looks inside to find some butter naan and butter chicken.

"You're actually going to feed me?" she asks bewildered.

"We're not monsters Deepika," Hridhya replies. "We just want to mentally and sexually torture you. After you finish eating, you must spend the rest of the afternoon, fingering yourself while watching porn on your phone. I connected your camera to my laptop, so I can see if you're are doing it or not."

"Fine, I guess it's better than eating while masturbating, at the same ti-" she stops realising what she just said out loud.

"What an excellent idea," Hridhya smiles at Deepika stupidity. "I'm a bit insulted that you thought of a more humiliating assignment than me, so I just have to one up it. Not only will jill off in while eating, you must do it with the same hand. By the time you, leave your pussy should be covered in butter and curry. Be thankful the butter chicken is not spicy. You must do it in the men's toilet, and sit on the urinal, like a chair."

Deepika wanted to smack herself for suggesting that idea.

"The bathroom door should be unlocked, and the volume on your phone will be at maximum. When it's 4:30 you can stop and go back to the girl's bathroom. If Anuj and I are satisfied with what we see, you may choose what you will wear. You probably checked out your phone by now, so I recommend the bookmarked sites. Anuj's choice."

"What would happen if someone enters inside?"

"Better hope they don't complain," Hridhya laughs. "And don't take those shoes off, they look nice on you."

She makes Deepika take the Nokia phone out of her pussy and place it in a plastic bag, along with her 'dress.' She then leaves Deepika alone with just her stilettos, her lunch and her phone. After a few minutes, she peeks out the door make sure the coast is clear and then dashes to the men's toilet. She soon finds a urinal, flushes it, and sits down on the bowl.

She takes out the butter chicken and the naan, places on her lap, and starts eating it, only to pause. The food's heat pleasantly warms her legs in the cold A/C library, but she still feels chilly from what Hridhya said. The bit about the camera feels like nonsense, but she cannot help but shake the feeling that somehow they are watching. Anuj was there in the ophthalmologist's clinic. Hridhya happened know that Deepika was not in the correct room. She may not be bluffing about the camera.

She turns on the camera, puts it on full volume, and goes through the bookmarks. She gasped at the sites on her phone. There are lots of pee fetish videos, cum swapping videos, and even something called snowballing. He even had sites, about rape and leaked footage of women naked, possibly hacked accounts, on his page. There other sites, which she is positive have to be illegal everywhere.

She chooses the creampie videos in the end because that seems to be the least disgusting. As she watches, she starts to eat, getting her fingers messy from the butter and the curry. Soon starts drifting her fingers towards her pussy. At first contact, she felt a slight sting on her clitoris, but she kept on going. Soon the sting lessened, and the pleasure took over. She tried hard to focus on just the men, but since it is the girl who is the star, there was more attention to her. The moans from the video rang through the bathroom. After hours of teasing, she felt herself getting closer to the release of the tension built up in her loins. She's nearly there, just a few more minutes.

