Holding Pattern
	(F desperation; M/F wet sex)
Author: Accidental Tourist (1997'04) P#015

Alicia took a last swig from her beer and handed it to the flight attendant who was making a final pass down the aisle, collecting the remains of the snack which had been served. The big 767 was due to land in Atlanta soon, an airport Alicia had never visited. She had a layover of a couple of hours before she caught her connection to Tucson. She pushed her tray table to its upright position and adjusted herself in her seat, feeling the first twinges of a filling bladder. She guessed that she could wait until she got into the terminal; it would certainly be more comfortable than using the cramped lavatory on board the jet — anyway, the restrooms were occupied by other passengers taking their last opportunities to go before the seat belt sign came on.

Then came an announcement from the pilot: "Good afternoon, folks. Hope everybody is comfortable back there. It's pretty foggy on the ground at Atlanta, and we just got word from the tower there that they've had to slow down the landings and takeoffs for awhile. So we've been asked to hold at this altitude for awhile, but I'm sure it won't be long."

A groan went up from some passengers in the seats surrounding Alicia, but she didn't care too much, because she had such a long layover anyway. "Might as well wait in this jet as in the terminal," she said to herself.

45 minutes later she was feeling a little less sanguine, since there had been no further announcement from the cockpit. She folded up her magazine and became aware that her need to pee was more urgent now. "Should I go?" she wondered. She was a tall, striking woman, with shimmering blond hair, wearing a denim culotte and sneakers. Her culotte was a one-piece garment, with straps over each shoulder that buttoned in the front. She was tall enough that her knees bumped up against the wall when she tried to sit down on an aircraft toilet, so her definite preference would be to wait to use a toilet on the ground — if she could. She thought about it for a few minutes, and decided she'd better go back to the back of the plane. As she stood up, the cabin PA system crackled.

"Hello folks, and thanks for your patience while we've been waiting to get landing clearance. We've just received assurance from ground control that it won't be much longer." The pilot then proceeded to begin reading a long list of connecting flights, and which gates they would be leaving from. The list was in alphabetical order; Alicia decided to wait to hear the gate number for her Tucson flight. Straining her ears, she finally heard that her flight would be leaving from an entirely different concourse.

She sat back to wait. Five minutes went by, and then ten, with no sound that the engine was slowing down to descend. Finally, Alicia stood up and started walking down the aisle toward the lavatory. As she stood, the pressure in her bladder increased, and she realized that she really had to go pretty badly. "Shouldn't have had that beer on top of two cups of coffee," she muttered to herself.

As she passed by the flight attendants' station, the sounds of the engine changed. But she knew she had better go, because to wait much longer would definitely be uncomfortable. She reached for the lavatory door, and was starting to pull it open, when she felt a tap on her shoulder. "Ma'am," said a pert young flight attendant, "we are starting to land, and the captain has turned on the fasten seat belts sign. I'm afraid you're going to have to return to your seat."

Alicia threw her a helpless look. "Look, I waited too long and it's my mistake, but can't I please go now? It will only take a second. I really need to go."

"Sorry." said the flight attendant firmly, and pulled a key out of her pocket. Reaching around Alicia, she locked the lavatory door. "We'll be on the ground very soon, don't worry."

Alicia wished to herself that she was a more assertive person, but she knew she wasn't in danger of an accident. She could live with the discomfort, and so she turned around apologetically and returned to her seat. Sitting down, however, the pressure on her bladder increased.

Twenty bumpy minutes later the big jet touched down on the runway, and began taxiing toward the terminal. Alicia crossed her legs and gritted her teeth, feeling every little bump in her over strained bladder.

Finally, the plane pulled up to the gate, and passengers began standing up to retrieve items from the overhead bins. Alicia's seat was most of the way toward the back of the plane, and she realized that her ordeal wasn't over yet — it would be awhile before she could get out. She thought about going back to try to persuade the flight attendant to let her use an onboard lavatory, but abandoned that idea when she realized that it would be just as difficult to work her way back down the crowded aisle as forward. But she was very uncomfortable sitting there, and decided to stand up. She had an aisle seat, and when she stood up, her seat mate moved over into her seat. But standing up made the pressure worse! She turned to sit down again, and her seat mate, a surly looking older woman, said "Make up your mind, lady, do you want to stand or sit!"

"Sorry!", said Alicia apologetically. "I just really have to go to the bathroom."

"Am I interested in your problems?" the other woman retorted. "Guess you should have gone earlier when you had the chance."

Alicia was mortified and blushed deeply. The woman was right, she said to herself; why hadn't she gone earlier? And why wasn't she more assertive? She should have stood up for herself with that flight attendant. The woman in her seat made no move to allow Alicia to sit back down, so Alicia remained standing, biting her lower lip. Her crotch felt hotter and hotter, and with horror, she felt a tiny squirt of urine escape. She gasped to herself, and clenched her pelvic muscles more tightly. She gazed over the long line of people ahead of her, waiting to get off the plane, but couldn't see any movement.

She stood there, clenching, not moving, for what seemed like an hour, but which was really probably only 10 minutes or so. Finally she saw the line about 15 rows ahead of her begin to clear. As she finally began to move forward, the pain in her bladder eased while she walked, but then the line stopped, the pressure built again, and Alicia felt another spurt, this one a bit bigger than the last, escape. Now she could feel a tiny amount of warmth in her panties which wasn't there before, and she knew her situation was desperate. She was standing next to one of the aircraft lavatories, and she reached for the handle in the hope that it wasn't locked, but its handle didn't yield. If only she could keep moving forward!

Now the line started again, and she could see a more or less clear path forward. But as she took a larger step she felt her bladder muscles getting overwhelmed, and an intense heat begin. She shortened her steps and realized that she looked like a woman who was desperate for a pee, and about to lose control of her bladder!. Still, she managed to bring her bladder under control, and she exited the plane door into the jetway corridor. She was almost home free.

Finally she emerged from the tunnel into the terminal and she looked up wildly for a sign directing her to a restroom. She couldn't see any signs at all. Finally she noticed a sign to her left with arrows to various places — baggage claim, taxis, main terminal, other concourses . . . and restrooms! Hallelujah! (If she had been familiar with the Atlanta airport, she might have known that there was another women's restroom, much closer, to her right.)

She moved as quickly as she could down the wide foyer looking for a restroom, lugging her carry-on bag. As long as she kept moving, the pressure on her bladder was manageable, although still building, but her carry-on bag was slowing her down as it flopped around on its shoulder strap. She looked down to adjust it, while continuing to walk, and as she looked back up she realized she was about to step onto a moving walkway. She tried to backpedal, but felt that she would lose control of her bladder as she did so, so she stumbled onto the walkway. At least it would get her there faster, but it was very crowded with travelers, and she couldn't walk forward very far with running into a knot of people. She looked over and realized that the walkway was carrying her past a women's restroom! Now what was she going to do? And she was standing still on this damn walkway.

She felt a rush and a tightening in her crotch as the pressure on her over strained bladder began to build and build, approaching what felt like an overwhelming level. She drew a gasp of breath, feeling another, longer spurt of urine escape. She clenched as tightly as she could, dropping her hands to her crotch, digging her fists in, trying to stop peeing, and while she managed to bring her bladder under control again, her carry-on bag slipped off her shoulder, pulling her sideways. She managed to let it slip the rest of the way to the surface of the moving walkway, and huddled, half bent over, struggling to keep from wetting her pants. She knew now that she probably wasn't going to make it to a restroom before she peed, and she began to contemplate what she would do if she actually had an accident in her pants! No! She couldn't let that happen, here in public, in a strange airport, with no change of clothes in her carry-on.

But the moving walkway was ending, and the knot of people in front of her was getting off. Alicia had to move her foot to keep from falling as the sidewalk abruptly disappeared beneath the floor, and that motion caused her to lose control of her bladder entirely. She stood, hunched over, stock still, right at the end of the walkway as her panties began to fill with urine. The walkway deposited her carryon bag at her feet. She struggled to control her bladder, but it was as if the muscles wouldn't respond to commands from her brain, and a trickle of pee ran down the inside of her left thigh. She felt a light rumbling sensation deep inside her as the pee flowed out. "Oh my God," she thought to herself, "I just can't hold it any longer. I'm wetting my pants!"

Meanwhile, there was a tall, handsome man who had been standing close behind her on the moving walkway, and who was now not able to get off without tripping over her carry-on. He stumbled forward, losing his balance. "Dammit, lady, get out of the way," said the man. He looked up and saw Alicia, a look of intense strain on her pretty face, bent halfway over with her fists driven into her crotch and her legs clamped tightly together. "What's wrong with you?" he asked her irritably.

"I'm trying not to wet my pants," Alicia snapped back. "I don't think I can make it to the bathroom." She had somehow managed to stop peeing, but her panties felt very warm and wet already. She wondered whether her accident was visible. With her little finger she reached underneath her culotte; although the culotte material was quite thick, the seam felt damp to her, but she wasn't sure.

The handsome man's face softened. "Here, I'll watch your bag. Go! Run!" Alicia's initial reaction was one of distrust, but she looked into the man's face and his offer seemed genuine. She felt another wave of urgency begin to come over her "Thanks," she said and turned and began walking with mincing steps back toward the restroom she had passed. The man followed closely behind her. He could see a wet spot about the size of an orange in between her legs from the back. Twice she stopped and clenched her pelvic muscles as tightly as she could as an almost uncontrollable urge to piss came over her, but both times she managed to hold it. The man watched as she disappeared through the door of the restroom.

Once inside, Alicia looked desperately around. All the stalls were occupied! She stood in her now familiar hunched over position. If a stall didn't open up soon she was a goner. She knew that she had already wet her pants — it was now a matter of trying to keep her accident from getting so bad that it would be obvious to all. Finally a woman came out of a stall and Alicia rushed toward the open door. She turned and stood up to unbutton her culotte. As she did, another urge came over, this one stronger than any other so far. She felt the urine begin to push its way out past her overstrained muscles, she felt the rumbling of urine in her urethra again, she felt the warmth as the pee began rushing into her panties again.

This time she couldn't stop it, she could only try to get her culotte out of the way. But the button was stuck, she couldn't slip it through its buttonhole. She fumbled with it, watching down as the crotch of her culotte began to darken and glisten, she felt one trickle, and then a second and a third, down the inside of her thigh, and she still couldn't budge the button. She knew she had lost the battle, and in frustration and relief she sat down on the toilet seat, her culotte still buttoned, and pissed and pissed right through the seat of her panties and culotte.

She heard a hissing as the pee rushed out of her, and a weird sound — unlike the usual sound of the stream of her urine hitting the water, there were many smaller drips, as the pee fell into the toilet water from the underside of her culotte fabric. She began to cry as she realized that she was peeing in her pants. She kept peeing for what seemed like a couple of minutes. The wetness in her culotte was wicked away in all directions; she watched in horror as the wetness grew to cover her lap. Slowly the flow of pee diminished and finally stopped. She sat there for a moment, exhausted; the relief was so exquisite, for a brief moment she forgot about the humiliating fact that she had wet her pants.

She stood up, realizing that the pee had run down her legs and soaked even her sneakers. They made squishing sounds as she emerged from the stall and faced her image in the mirror. Her culotte was disastrous. Wet in the front and completely soaked in the back (even wet up the small of her back), there was no conclusion that any observer could possibly come to other than the correct one: she had peed in her pants, a major accident. Pee from her sopping pants continued to run down her legs now that she was standing; urine dripped from the hem of her culotte, making a number of small puddles on the floor. She had no extra clothes, so she pulled a handful of paper towels from the dispenser in an attempt to soak up some of the pee from her drenched culotte. She stood for a few minutes in front of the electric dryer, and although it warmed her up a bit (the wet, pee-soaked culotte was starting to get cold), it didn't have much effect on the way the culotte looked.

The man who had taken charge of her bag meanwhile glanced apprehensively at his watch. He had plenty of time to make his flight to Tucson, but only if the girl came back soon. Then she emerged, her face bright red with embarrassment, and a wet spot the size of a dinner plate covering her crotch. It was obvious that she hadn't made it. At the look on his face, Alicia realized how apparent her situation was to anyone who looked at her, and she began to cry again. "Oh, shit!" Alicia sobbed, "I peed in my pants! I just couldn't hold it. I tried and tried. Oh God, I can't believe this has happened to me! What am I going to do?"

Sobbing, she proceeded to tell him the whole story, and how she had come to be in this desperate situation, all the while wondering in the back of her mind why she was revealing so much to this man, and realizing that it was partly because he was very attractive, and was paying so much attention to her. They found themselves walking along and talking, as they changed concourses; the man walked gallantly slightly behind her, and quite close, to shield the view of her wet accident from other people. She held her carry-on in front of her. And then they arrived at her gate, and he realized that he and Alicia were to travel on the same flight to Tucson. Most of their layover time had evaporated due to the fact that her plane had landed so late, and she had spent some extra time in the restroom trying to dry off, but they noticed on the message board that the flight to Tucson was delayed by another hour due to equipment problems.

The man, whose name was Frank, invited Alicia to come have a drink with him at the bar across the foyer from their gate. Alicia wasn't going anywhere for awhile and Frank had been so sweet to help her out, and was so cute, that she said OK, adding "Please help me remember to pee before we get on the plane," with a giggle, "as if I would forget after all that's happened."

They sat on the bar stools, Alicia in her still wet but now beginning to dry culotte, and Frank next to her, and nursed a beer. With no announcement from the airline and a further equipment delay, Frank bought Alicia and himself a second round. Alicia was beginning to feel a bit tipsy after her third beer of the afternoon, and she was relieved to hear them announce that the flight was beginning to board, before she said something stupid to Frank. She stood up, leaving a damp spot on her bar stool. They said their good-byes, and impulsively she gave Frank a hug to thank him for the help he had been after her accident. She felt his hand brush against her wet ass, and she felt embarrassed again about having wet her pants.

She was in the jetway, waiting to walk onto the airplane, when she remembered that she hadn't gone to the bathroom before boarding. She found a lavatory a few steps down the aisle and went inside to relieve herself. When she came out she continued down the aisle to her aisle seat. There was Frank, sitting in the seat by the window, next to her! "Well howdy, stranger!" he said with a smile, and although a few minutes ago she had felt relieved to be saying goodbye to possibly the only person who knew about her accident, she now felt a twinge of excitement at seeing him again.

Shortly after that, they found themselves airborne on the last leg of their journey to Tucson, and after reading their own copies of the inflight magazine for a little while, Frank struck up a conversation with her again. He was a good conversationalist, and kept her interest in their talk going with his timely comments and questions. The flight attendant came by, and Frank ordered another couple of beers for them. She sipped her beer, and before she knew it it was gone, and despite her protest, Frank ordered another beer for her, and another for himself.

As their conversation continued, Alicia began to feel more and more comfortable with her new friend and seat mate. At some point (she wasn't sure how it happened) they began sharing one of the thin airline blankets, and she lay her head on his shoulder. And when she felt his fingers, under the blanket, brushing against the inside of her now mostly dry thigh, she didn't push them away. She realized that her bladder was getting quite full again, but that the tingling she felt there was only partly due to her need to pee. She excused herself and stumbled to her feet. "I'd better go to the bathroom before I wet my pants again," she said thickly through lips numbed by alcohol, with a slight giggle. "I'll go with you," said Frank huskily.

They made their way forward to the lavatory, Frank walking behind her to shield her still pee-darkened rear end from view of the other passengers. When they arrived at the restroom, she didn't object when Frank followed her into the lavatory and shut the door behind him. She turned around in his arms, their lips found each other hungrily, and as they kissed he lifted her up onto the sink. Now he was rubbing his hand against her crotch, but the design of her culotte prevented him from exposing her panties to the fly on his pants that Alicia had just unzipped.

He reached up and nimbly unbuttoned the straps of her culotte flipping them over her shoulders. She stood back up, letting the culotte drop to the floor, and stood before him in still soaking panties and a blouse. Lifting her back onto the sink, he kissed her again, as he ran his hand up her smooth stomach and underneath her breasts. He was delighted to find that she was bra-less, and his fingers found her stiffening nipples, causing her lips to massage his even more hungrily. Alicia's hands found his belt buckle and undid it, and unfastened the clasp holding his pants closed as they slid down to the floor and his erect penis sprang up through the fly of his boxer shorts.

He moved the damp crotch panel of her panties to the side and they groaned in unison as his penis slid into her. Frank and Alicia began rocking back and forth, gasping more and more loudly as they fucked on the sink of the aircraft lavatory, her legs wrapped around his hips and her heels digging into the back of his knees. Frank came first, squirting semen deep into Alicia as he shuddered. A few seconds later, as Frank's penis was still spasming, Alicia felt her own orgasm begin. Her face flushed, she squeezed her eyes and waves of feeling emanated from her groin.

As they bucked together against the lavatory mirror she felt her overfull bladder, weakened by the struggle earlier that afternoon, begin to give way. She struggled to control her bladder, but against the backdrop of intense orgasmic spasms, her urine began to stream out once again, soaking through the crotch of her panties a second time, wicking into the crotch panel of Frank's boxer shorts, flowing down their legs. Her pee pooled and puddled in Frank's open trousers as they lay on the floor, finally soaking through them and re-wetting her culotte. Frank held her close, and breaking off their kiss for a moment, murmured "It's OK, honey, it's OK."

They clenched there, Frank's penis still inside her, and resumed the longest, sweetest, most sensuous kiss she had ever experienced. Slowly she felt his penis inside her as it softened, and then a delicious flow of warmth as he pissed inside her, gently washing the semen out of her vagina and soaking her panties again. And in the back of her mind she knew that both of them would be a sopping smelly mess by the time they emerged, clothed again, from the lavatory, but she didn't care.

