J's Tale

Author: Terri, July 1994

She was 35 when he was 15, the year he first began working for her. Now, at 21, he was about to start his seventh summer season at the print shop she owned. She had inherited the shop from her father, and ran it just as he had, with a smile and a firm handshake. She was a large woman, the propensity for obesity inherited from her father, but years of moving paper boxes, carrying equipment and hand delivering print jobs had left her with hard muscles under her soft flesh. Her breasts were full and inviting and they heaved rhythmically after exertion. Her face was angelic, her sweet smile transforming even the grumpiest customers into grinning fools. He worked hard for her and every summer she taught him something new. This summer was to be no different.

His third year at college had been spent much like the previous two - studying and waiting for the summer. He was very handsome but extremely shy - a characteristic that was often misinterpreted as conceit - and though he had friends, he preferred the company of himself and his fantasies. His fantasies of her had begun the summer he was 17.

That summer had been the hottest one in years, and the print shop was busier than ever. They had worked together all day on a company newsletter and the last copy had just rolled off the press. He bundled them up as she cleaned the machine and had gone to deliver them down the street. He returned to the now quiet printshop and headed back to her office, stopping for a moment to enjoy the coolness blasting from the air conditioner. Eyes closed, head tilted back, he breathed deeply and let the heat and tension slip from his body.

When he opened his eyes he caught a glimpse of her - her image reflected in the full length mirror on her bathroom wall. She had not closed the bathroom door properly and light spilled through the crack, allowing him to see her in the mirror. He was rooted to the spot, unable to turn away, and even as he watched her pull down her pants, he could not hide his eyes. He felt his jeans tighten around his crotch as his cock grew, jerking spasmodically. Her panties were pale blue and when he looked at the spot where her legs came together, he noticed the material was darker, outlining the curve of her mound.

She studied herself in the mirror, pulling her panties into the crevice separating her pussy, and he watched her as she watched herself. She spread her legs as far as the pants around her ankles would let her, and moved back to straddle the toilet. She looked directly in the mirror and he heard her moan quietly, the sound almost muffled by the splash her piss made as it fell into the bowl. She closed her eyes then and he watched, aroused, as she slipped her fingers into her panties and began rubbing.

Her stream seemed endless and as the last vestiges of fluid drained away she rubbed furiously, her face contorted in pleasure, and as her hips jerked forward towards the mirror, she inhaled sharply and began whimpering. He was mesmerized by the sight of her, breasts heaving, nipples erect through her blouse and he stroked himself through his jeans. In seconds he felt weak and as she shuddered in orgasm, his cock joined her, spewing warm wetness into his underwear. His trance broken, he stayed only long enough to see her pull her pants up before he turned and slipped, embarrassed, out the door.

He never spoke to her of the incident, but he played the scene over and over again in his mind, each time stroking himself to a breathtaking orgasm. Four years had now passed and as he opened the door to the printshop the familiar coolness comforted him. She was there, her back to the door, with an x-acto knife in one hand and a roll of border tape in the other. He called to her quietly and she turned, her smile enveloping her face. Yes, she was glad to see him.

They hugged tightly, old friends, and even then he felt the stirrings of arousal. He worried that she might notice and pulled away from her. Small talk dominated the first hour and then he set to work. She had loaded the shop truck with enough deliveries to last past closing time and when he got back to the shop later, it was locked up tight. A note on the door indicated he was to drop the truck keys by her house on his way home, so he left to do as he was instructed.

She saw him coming up the walk and opened the door to greet him. Her hair was still wet from her recent shower and as she welcomed him in he caught a whiff of her subtle yet fragrant perfume. Her face was freshly scrubbed and although he noticed the lines around her eyes, her complexion was clear and her cheeks held a youthful blush. Jeans a bit too long for her short legs dragged the floor as she walked but the sheer button-down shirt she wore was molded nicely to her body. He noticed that she was braless, her full breasts swaying as she moved, and when she turned suddenly and caught him staring she smiled slyly, enjoying his embarrassment.

She offered him a drink and when he accepted, showed him to the living room sofa. They talked and drank, she filling his glass the moment he emptied it, he drinking more out of nervousness than from thirst. She laughed as he spoke, her mouth full and ripe, her eyes twinkling brightly, and as she did her breasts heaved seductively, beckoning him. She touched his leg, her fingers pressing gently into his thigh, and when he did not move them she began to caress his face, her laughter fading to a lustful smile.

She pulled him to her and kissed him on the forehead, the cheeks, the lips. She tasted of scotch and when she touched his lips with her tongue, he drew it in slowly and sucked. His penis was a pillar of stone trapped in the confines of his jeans and when she allowed her hand to fall casually to it, she felt it jump and twitch. At this, he took hold of her breasts, feeling the weight of them and stroking the nipples one after the other, until they were as hard as polished rubies.

She broke their kiss, pulling him down now to her breasts, and he suckled the flesh hungrily only to feel her shudder against him. Moving from the sofa, she stood before him as he looked at her in confusion. "I know what you like," she said, "and I have waited 4 years to give it to you." Having said this, she stood perfectly still, hands upon her hips, legs spread slightly, and stared into his face. In seconds, a quiet moan escaped her lips and he watched as the first drops fell and darkened her crotch.

He moved quickly to her, kneeling down in front of her and grasping her ass as he hugged his face to the rapidly spreading stain in her jeans. Warmth flowed from her and he felt the moisture on his cheek before it ran in rivulets down his neck, soaking his shirt. He closed his eyes and listened as her golden liquid splashed on the floor, and when he moved to unbutton her jeans, she didn't stop him. After peeling her wet clothes from her body, he kissed her belly and ran his hands over her, paying particular attention to her wet legs and glistening mound. Her eyes were crazed with lust and she grabbed his jeans by the waist and ripped them open, the buttons flying off with a loud popping noise.

"Now," she insisted, "it's my turn," and she kneeled in front of him and began rubbing his cock over her breasts and rounded belly. "Piss on me," she commanded, and after a moment of intense concentration his bladder released and he sprayed her with a gush of warm golden piss. She used his cock as a shower head, soaking her breasts and belly and then aiming it at her engorged clit. Her fat pussy lips were nestled securely between her heavy thighs but as the stream hit, they parted instinctively. He reached for her nipples and rubbed them between his fingers and when she reached down to spread herself open even wider, he pushed hard and his final gush of piss took her over the edge.

She writhed and bucked, moaning loudly, as the orgasm possessed her. He watched in amazement as this mature woman thrashed about with the energy of a child, and when her spasms had subsided she laid him back, straddled him, and rode him wildly. He watched her, face contorted in pleasure, breasts bouncing, belly fluttering and he felt his climax build. He raised his hips to meet her and they banged rhythmically until he felt her tighten around him and heard her moans begin and he knew she was as close as he. He shut his eyes tightly and in seconds the nerves in his brain began firing as he was gripped by the most powerful orgasm he had ever experienced. Wave after wave of pleasure wracked his body as he spurt again and again into her tightness. Afterwards she leaned over to kiss him and he knew, from that moment on, he would always adore older women.

