College Orgy Party

Copyright 2014 Kaylee Kennicott

It all started because Lucy had suggested, at 5 in the morning on the day of their last final exam, that the girls watch a dirty movie together. It was just one suggestion in a line of others that had given the girls an excuse to both procrastinate on their studying and to decompress afterward, but this one had wilder consequences.

At 4 in the morning, Lucy, Jenn, and Tammy had closed their Statistics textbooks and swore to each other on their own friendship that they would never study another bit of Statistics for as long as they lived. Unburdened with the weight of responsibility, since they now didn’t have to worry about their future until the final exam started at 8am, they decided to go to bed.

The three of them were snuggled in their respective beds in the dorm room they shared. The blankets were warm and the lights were off. But not a single girl spoke until Lucy broke the silence and they realized that the excessive coffee they’d consumed in preparation for a long night of studying was keeping them insistently awake.

Lucy, who was the most hyperactive friend Tammy had ever known, jumped lightly out of the top bunk and clicked the light back on. Lucy was a tall, leggy girl who wouldn't have looked out of place in a surfer magazine. She favored short blonde hair and even shorter pink shorts. On weekends she sported shirts that bared her midriff, but right now she was completely topless, her small breasts exposed to the room, when she suggested they pass the time by watching a porno.

Jenn, who would try anything once, willingly agreed. Tammy wasn't so sure.

It had been a long semester, and while she valued the friendship she had cultivated with her roommates over this school year, she wanted to go home and spend the summer with her boyfriend Leo who attended a school on the other side of the country. They had been in a long distance relationship since last summer, when Tammy lost her virginity to him in the fitting room of the clothing store his mother owned.

While she held her breath for fear of getting caught, unable to prevent some tiny moans and sighs escaping her, she had watched Leo fuck her, every angle of their love-making reflected in the mirrors around her. That day, she saw the wild expressions of both lust and love on his face and she knew this young man had captured her.

But she hadn’t seen him in five months, and Tammy felt like a balloon, stretched so tight that she might pop at any moment. It had been five months since Leo had seized her by the hips and rammed his cock inside her, five months since she’d felt his tongue exploring the folds of her pussy, and for all five months Tammy had ached to feel him inside her again, or even to feel the weight over his body over hers.

So, wound up tight as a spring, Tammy crossed her legs, gritted her teeth, and agreed. Jenn and Lucy cheered, and Lucy even leaned down to kiss Tammy on the lips, her perky nipples swinging into sight as she bent over.

“How will you decide what to watch?” Tammy asked.

“I already have,” said Lucy. “It was recommended to me. College Orgy Party 2.”

“Why don’t we start from College Orgy Party 1?” asked Jenn.

“Apparently the writers took time to reach their stride. Put it in.”

Jenn crouched down to access the DVD player. She was brunette in comparison to Lucy’s blondeness, but she had curves and hips where Lucy was smooth and flat. She was wearing a loose shirt over her unrestrained breasts, but only panties underneath. Her pale, creamy ass was visible just under the bottom edge of the shirt.

When the movie started, Lucy and Jenn joined Tammy in her bed, which they had already decided was poised in the perfect spot for watching movies on the TV. The three of them squeezed together and laid on their stomachs, propped up with pillows. Lucy was still shirtless, and the pillow pushed her breasts up prominently.

“Put those away, it’s indecent,” Jenn said, pretending to be offended.

“Better get used to it, ‘cause you’ll be seeing a lot worse on screen,” Lucy grinned.

Tammy said nothing, already concentrating on the screen, trying to ignore the fact that her poor, unfucked pussy was starting to feel uncomfortably warm.

The man and woman on screen were already having loud, wild sex. He bent her over a desk, pulled out his enormous cock (and displayed it to the camera - it was still glistening with fluids), and then buried it to the hilt. Tammy watched a close-up shot of his hardness parting the two lips and sinking deep in one fluid motion that seemed to expand the woman’s cunt with the force of it.

The throbbing between Tammy’s thighs was now insistent.

In the movie, the man answered a knock at the door and admitted a second, who advanced forward as if he had been expected and dropped his bathrobe to reveal a cock even bigger than the first, long and hard and pointed toward the sky. Tammy couldn’t resist the intrusive thought of Leo’s own cock, and the feeling of it in her hand, warm and hard and velvety. She could imagine her lips skating over the head of his cock vividly, though it had been months since she’d taken him in her mouth. A sigh escaped her mouth and Lucy turned to Tammy with an eyebrow raised before she even realized she’d made the sound.

“Everything okay?”

“Oh. Yeah. I just miss Leo,” she said, by way of explanation, and the other two girls nodded sympathetically.

“You’ll see him soon,” Jenn said.

“Yeah,” said Lucy. “Real soon.”

Tammy nodded and turned her attention back to the film, where the second man was sweeping his arm dramatically across a second desk, ridding it of papers and assorted academic detritus. They pushed the two desks together, heaved the girl on top, and the man knelt over her face and deep- throated her mouth while the other lapped at her pussy which was still dripping with cum.

Tammy eyed the three desks in the room and Lucy spotted her.

“Getting ideas?” she teased.

“Just wondering if they could actually support the weight of so many people,” she said jokingly.

Two more girls had joined the fray, and now the scene on screen was a tangle of people fucking and sucking and licking, hands running over curves or twisting nipples, pinching and biting skin. One girl had a riding crop, which she trailed lingeringly over the first man’s back as his tongue pleasured her, though she slapped his hand every time he tried to stroke himself. Finally she said, “Candy, will you please put your mouth over Nate’s dick so he’ll stop touching it?”

On screen, Candy was only too happy to oblige, slurping her lips around him and taking his manhood deep into her throat. He moaned, one hand twining through Candy’s hair to pull her closer while the other hand slipped a few fingers into riding-crop-girl’s pussy and licked wildly at her clit.

She put the crop in her mouth and bit down hard, her head leaning back as she rode the pleasure, pushing Nate’s head closer, his tongue flicking across her soft flesh. He grunted at the same time and the camera angle moved, showing us his simultaneous orgasm as Candy gulped down cum, though some trickled from her mouth and more slid down her cheek onto her pert breasts.

In the room, Jenn coughed and Tammy was even more aware of the aching feeling and the wetness soaking through her panties. Every inch of her skin felt raw and needy, extra-sensitive to the slight movements of the blanket and the warm bodies on either side of her. Tammy tried to tilt her pelvis toward the bed, tried to make contact between the cool sheets and her own swollen clit.

Clenching her muscles and pressing downward gave her some relief, something to press herself against, but this relief gave way to more tension as the urge to rub herself against something hard increased. She pictured the tip of Leo’s hard cock pressing against her, first flicking her nub, then resting against the opening of her wet slit, threatening to thrust at any moment, but teasing her by lingering. She imagined him replacing it with his warm tongue, tormenting her with slow, broad licks.

Carefully, without moving her upper body, she tried to grind into the mattress but it was ineffective for soothing her need. If only she could put something between her legs to grind against...if only Leo would loom over her right now and thrust his cock between her upper thighs, stroking the ridged head against her clitoris. She looked around for something that she could use, anything small she could rub against, but nothing was within reach.

In the film, Candy looked like a pig on a spit-roast with one cock in her mouth and another in her ass. She was clearly the center of attention, as the first girl finger-fucked Candy’s pussy and teased her clit with her lips. Riding-crop-girl stood on a chair getting eaten out by the man who wasn’t Nate, alternating between moaning her pleasure and smacking Candy’s ass, which was slowly turning pink.

Tammy didn’t know if she could take any more of this. She readjusted, bucking her hips and crossing her legs, rubbing her swollen clit against the caressing lips of her own softness, but settled quickly into place as if doing nothing more than getting comfortable. Neither of the girls seemed to notice. Just this simple movement made ripples of pleasure, but soon the feeling was replaced by even greater desire.

Tammy bit her lower lip without thinking and felt her face get hot. If she could only touch herself — she imagined that she was so sensitive, even the smallest caress could transport her - she just needed an opportunity.

While the girls were laughing about the force and duration of the grunting noises Adam was making, Tammy slyly slipped her right arm under the sheets, under her own stomach. She took a moment to trace the outline of her breast, playing with the nipple, before wandering down, her stomach tingling with anticipation. All that she could afford, without alerting suspicion, was the briefest of touches, under pretense of rearranging or straightening some fold or fabric.

She reached, and rubbed the full of her palm over herself, cupping the entire area, engaging every nerve in a brief, but bold, move. The contact sent reverberations through her body and she fought to keep herself from gasping, pulling her hand back again swiftly. She needed relief.

On screen, Adam was relieving himself, shooting his load all over Candy’s back. Candy bucked her hips, getting as close to the other girl’s tongue as her pleasure would allow. Her fingers pumped, working the hole as she tongued the rest. Nate pulled out of her mouth and spurted his cum over Candy’s back too, though she caught the drippings from his cock on her tongue.

Tammy wanted to scream. But then Lucy said mildly, “Is this turning you guys on, too?”

“Yeah, totally,” said Jenn.

“Um, same,” said Tammy.

And suddenly Lucy’s soft, warm hands were cupping Tammy’s face and she was kissing Lucy, and the kisses got harder - Tammy felt like they were breathing the same air, exchanging the same ragged breath back and forth. When Lucy pulled away, Tammy barely had time to register the change before Jenn said, “My turn!” and pressed her down to do the same. Jenn explored more with her tongue, licking and nibbling, and then moved down to Tammy’s neck, letting her fingers trail down the sensitive skin, teasing her with cooling breaths and puffs of air.

Lucy took Tammy’s hand and pressed it to her own naked breast, encouraging her to pinch and stroke. Suddenly Tammy sat up, dazed. On the screen, Adam was fucking a new girl while riding- crop-girl sat on her back and cheered him on.

“What are we doing?” she said. “I have a boyfriend!”

“He knows about this,” Jenn said lazily.

“Yeah, he asked us to do it,” said Lucy from between Tammy’s thighs. She hadn’t even noticed her move down there. But then - Tammy gasped as she watched - Lucy pinched aside the fabric, exposed Tammy’s smooth mound, and pressed the whole of her tongue against Tammy’s wet cunt.

A sheer roil of pleasure echoed outward from between Tammy’s legs and she scrabbled to seize a handful of Lucy’s hair. “Don’t stop,” she gasped, thrusting with her hips against Lucy’s warm mouth. Her friend obligated, flicking her tongue over the small red bud.

“I’m - I’m gonna cum,” Tammy gasped, but Lucy pulled away at that moment. Her cunt was dripping with juices and saliva, throbbing with unfulfilled pleasure.

“Not yet,” Lucy said slyly.

“There’s more to come,” said Jenn, “and I refuse to apologize for the shameless pun.”

At that moment there was a knock on the door.

Tammy looked between the TV, where eight people were draped over each other in an assortment of increasingly-athletic sex positions, and the two girls, who were now standing fully naked by the door, and said, “No. You didn’t. Did you? How? No. No, you couldn’t have. Did you?” Lucy grinned broadly and swung the door open. Two men wearing masks and bathrobes stood outside. As soon as they were past the doorframe and it had closed behind them, they dropped the robes and revealed two huge cocks, so hard they seemed to strain the skin.

The first boy was good-looking, but the second (Tammy noticed appreciatively) was even more attractive, embodying every feature she looked for in a man. Even though she couldn’t see his face, she imagined he must be as beautiful as his body, and she bit her lip, forgetting herself as she studied the curve of his hardness. When she looked up, it was clear he was watching her. Tammy gulped.

Taking Lucy and Jenn aside, she whispered, “I don’t think I can cheat on my boyfriend, no matter how hot these guys are.”

“I thought you’d say that,” Lucy said reassuringly. “That’s why I have this text message to show you.” She showed Tammy her phone. On it, a text from her boyfriend’s phone number: Make Tammy read this if she questions what happens after COP 2.

“What’s cop two?”

“College Orgy Party 2.”

“Oh, right.”

The message went on: Tammy — don't question it. Just trust me and enjoy yourself

“Happy now?” Jenn asked, nuzzling the soft spot under Tammy’s ear.

“I guess so/’ she said, turning back to the two boys. The hot one was stroking himself, running his hand over its length, rubbing his thumb over the tip which was wet with precum. It was like an invitation, and Tammy took a step forward to meet him. She dropped to her knees and tasted him, curling her tongue around the head. It felt good to press her lips around his hard length and take him deep into her mouth. He groaned, raising her up reluctantly and guiding her toward the bed. In one quick motion, clearly impatient and unwilling to delay gratification any longer, he set her down and thrust deep, filling her to the core.

“Ohhhhhh,” Tammy moaned, and in that moment she realized. Though the eyes are unreliable, the body always remembers...and right now, Tammy was remembering the last time she had been fucked like this.

“Leo,” she gasped, and the man who was actually her boyfriend pulled off the mask as he plowed into her hot, tight cunt.

“Mine,” he growled, pinching her nipple so hard it made her gasp.

“Oh—God—I—missed—you—” Tammy gasped between thrusts. She was so raw and sensitive, the force of his pounding would have hurt, if it hadn’t felt so satisfying to feel her soft flesh yielding under his firmness, feeling him split her down the middle, forcing himself so deep that his hipbones banged against hers. With one hand he squeezed and plumped her breast while the other held her hip in place, his fingers digging into her skin. She’d have a bruise in the morning.

Tammy nibbled on Leo’s shoulder, brushing her small tongue over the ridges of his collarbone. He groaned and buried his face in her breasts. Tammy felt him growing even larger inside her, filling her entirely. She wrapped her legs around his waist reflexively, pulling him closer in her need, wanting to satisfy his. She knew he was getting close when his breath became ragged and his thrusts hitched and stuttered.

“Oh God, Leo, come for me,” she begged. “I want you to shoot your hot cum inside me.”

But he shook his head and pulled out, leaving her feeling empty and unsatisfied. His voice wavered when he spoke, but he said, “Not yet. I still have more planned for you.”

And then he cupped her cheek with his hand and kissed her gently. “I missed you, too,” he murmured, before picking her off the bed in his arms as if she was a child.

“Clear the desk/’ he said. Jenn and Lucy hastened to remove the notebooks, lamps, and markers. He laid Tammy on top, and said, “You know what to do.”

The girls worked quickly, and Tammy soon found that all four of her limbs were being spread and restrained. The desk was cold against her back and her nipples stood on point. Leo spread her legs, gliding one hand between her thighs and up to the warm crevice of her legs. She shivered, feeling very exposed, her fucked pussy on display with juices running down her skin, dripping onto the wooden surface. They belted thick leather cuffs around her wrists and ankles and tied the ends to the four corners of the desk. It was getting harder for Tammy to distinguish between what had happened in the movie and what was happening to her now; it all mixed together in a dreamlike haze of yearning and pleasure. She still had not gotten her satisfaction, though her legs were shaking with need.

Finally, Leo mounted her, his hard rod trailing along her skin while he maneuvered above her. She ached to feel him bring it closer to her cunt, wanted to feel his cock teasing her slit. He put the tip just between her puffy lips, close enough to set her nerves ablaze without any hope of release. She could smell herself, all earth and musk and heat. Leo could smell her too, because he grinned rakishly as he dipped his fingers into her wetness and pulled them out glistening, leaving a trail over her belly.

“Lick it off,” he said, raising his hand to her mouth, and she obligingly took it in her mouth and sucked, licking the sweet cum and swirling her tongue around his fingertips. He watched her with his mouth slightly parted. Tammy raised her eyes to meet his gaze, knowing that he was imagining that mouth around his cock.

She felt his member pulse lightly against her opening. If she could move her legs, she would use them to gather him to her, pulling him swift and hard inside her. But she could only fight uselessly against the restraints, trying and failing to rub herself against his length.

Leo noticed her struggling. “Ah ah ah,” he said. “We must wait until the others are in position.”

Lucy straddled her face, resting her knees on the desk on either side of Tammy’s head. Her thighs were already slick with arousal. “The rules of the game,” said Leo, “are that everyone in this room must come at least once before you’re allowed to.” Tammy groaned. “Do you have a complaint?” Leo asked, raising his eye. “I can always change the rules to require two per person.”

“No complaint/’ Tammy said quickly, her voice muffled by Lucy’s legs.

The second boy stood in front of Lucy, his cock pointed at her face. Almost idly, Lucy started to suck it, tonguing the underside of the shaft, making him slippery with her saliva. He started to thrust into her mouth, making her cheeks bulge. Finally she cupped her hand around his sack and let him sink into her mouth, deeper and deeper, taking him into her throat. His entire shaft disappeared between her lips and he groaned.

“Show off,” Jenn said, and she pulled the two apart to settle between them, her pale ass sticking up towards the boy and her heavy tits hanging in front of Lucy’s face, who took one nipple in her mouth and started sucking. Jenn bit her lip and moaned.

“We gonna do this thing?” asked the boy, who had already seized Jenn’s hips and positioned himself at the tight entrance to her cunt.

“Three,” said Leo, pressing himself against Tammy’s hot slit. “Two,” he said, lowering his body, pressing his bare chest against hers. The others shifted slightly in anticipation.

“One,” he said, and as he spoke he penetrated hard and deep, sinking entirely into her in one easy movement. Tammy gasped, but her mouth was suddenly full of pussy. She lapped at the juices threatening to spill over, running her tongue along the inner ridges and folds, licking the tender clit with soft, lingering strokes. Lucy moved her hips, rubbing herself against Tammy’s face, grinding against her tongue and lips. She spread her wetness over Tammy’s cheeks and hair, making whimpering little moans.

Jenn and the other boy stood directly over Tammy, positioned so she could watch each thrust, seeing his cock sink into her flesh. He was leaving thumb prints in Jenn’s hips, but she didn’t seem to notice how tightly he gripped her -- while she got fucked from behind, Lucy leaned forward and tongued her sensitive nub. Jenn bucked her hips backward against her partner’s cock, then forward against Lucy’s seeking tongue. Tammy had a perfect view to watch how Jenn’s muscles clenched, how her legs trembled with pleasure. She could smell the fragrance of both girls, Lucy’s cunt filling her nose and mouth, but Jenn’s scent drifting from above, getting stronger as she got more aroused.

Leo groaned, shaking as he tried to hold back his orgasm. “Switch positions,” he announced, and the others all scrambled. Tammy was now untied, flipped onto her hands and knees, and presented with the other boy’s penis, slick with Jenn’s cum. She took him in her mouth, feeling every vein and inch of skin as he thrust between her lips. Leo took her from behind, doggy-style, hitting that sweet spot inside her as he rammed over and over. Now Lucy and Jenn stood in front of the boys getting tongue-fucked, and Tammy felt like the center of attention, every pairing leading back, ultimately, to her. She was wet with cum and sweat, like a nexus of fluids radiating outward from her cunt, spread over her cheeks and face, collecting on her back as the girls dripped their arousal down their legs while they stood over her.

“Switch,” Leo groaned again, struggling to compose himself enough to say the word. Now the other boy grabbed Lucy and threw her down, pushing himself inside her without hesitating, his need too frantic even to pause. Leo pushed Tammy down; now she got to straddle Lucy’s face and spread her wetness over her while Leo grabbed the back of Tammy’s head and face- fucked her. They switched several more times, each one leaving Tammy dazed, the need for relief growing uncomfortable, while the girls got wetter and the boys got harder.

Finally, the other boy drizzled his cum over Jenn’s massive breasts and had to lie down on the bed, breathing heavily. They rearranged themselves again; Jenn lay under Tammy and the girls 69’ed, breathing raggedly over each other’s sensitive skin and dragging their tongues over the whole area in long, lingering strokes. Tammy was doubly stimulated, feeling the tip of Jenn’s pink tongue tracing warm lines over her clit while Leo fucked her from behind, burying his cock as far as it would go, thrusting slowly now to sustain his hard-on without spilling his load.

Meanwhile, Tammy finger-fucked Lucy, who squirmed next to her and bit her lip, getting off from watching the trio pleasure each other. She was the next to fall, arching her back and squeezing her legs together, trapping Tammy’s hand while her tight muscles clenched around her fingers. She collapsed in bed next to the other boy who, when she joined him, murmured a little and sidled closer, clearly ready for more.

Now it was just Jenn, Leo, and Tammy, and while the first two tried to prolongate the pleasure, holding back from orgasm, Tammy knew that she couldn’t last much longer with Jenn licking furiously and Leo driving into her. Luckily, Jenn caved first with a moan so heavy with pleasure that merely hearing it almost sent Tammy over the edge. She retreated to the bed with the others and they all watched Tammy and Leo with interest.

“Do you feel used, slut?” Leo gasped. “Do you feel fucked in every conceivable way?”

“Not yet,” she said daringly. “There’s still one thing that I need.”

“Yes, my little cock slut?”

“I won’t be satisfied until you’ve used me for your pleasure,” said Tammy. “I want to feel your hot cum sliding inside me. I want to take it and beg for more.”

“Is that a fact? Then take it,” he groaned. “Take it, and come with me. I want to feel your tight cunt clench while I spill into you.”

Tammy needed no further prompting. In seconds, she was gasping, Leo’s cock pulsing inside her while he emptied his load, and she was rubbing her swollen lips, her tender clit against every bit of him she could, grinding into his hardness. She came around him, came harder than she thought was possible. In her pleasure, she squeezed so tightly that they had to wait several minutes before extracting him. The wooden desk felt cool and refreshing compared to the heat rising from their tangled bodies.

Finally Jenn said, “That was an impressive performance,” Lucy yawned, and Tammy was too busy dreamily basking in the afterglow of orgasm to respond. Leo sagged with exhaustion, pillowing his head against her breasts. She wrapped her arms around his naked chest and pulled him closer, kissing the top of his head and resting her cheek against him.

Leo breathed deeply, his body still shuddering slightly from their long engagement. She thought he had fallen asleep until he lifted his head, gazed into her eyes, and said, “Don’t forget, your Statistics exam is in twenty minutes.”

Though the professor proctoring the exam raised an eyebrow when Jenn, Tammy, and Lucy sped through the door five minutes late with red faces and fluffed hair, he handed them all a copy and pointed them towards three empty desks. And if he thought they exuded a familiar odor of sweat and sex, he kindly refrained from mentioning it. The girls, to their credit, all got B’s in the class, and Tammy drove home that afternoon, cuddled against her boyfriend’s side. They had a long summer to look forward to.

