A Desperate Archaeology Dig

Copyright © 2021, Melody Alexi.

This erotic little story includes: pee desperation, desperate wetting, female-on-female trysting, subtle domination, teacher-student dynamics... and generally steamy stuff. Only keep reading if this is exciting to you! 18 + readers only.

Chapter 1

It was a week before the big archaeological dig and I was excited enough to burst. And I was kind of bursting already.

Dr. Carol Moore had a one-and-done policy when it came to testing taking, meaning once you sat down you couldn’t leave the room for anything other than an emergency, and even then, you needed a written excuse to make the test up. She didn't put up with a lot of bullshit, and I loved her for it. I loved everything about her, from her piercing steel blue eyes to the silky gold hair she kept in a no-nonsense ponytail, to her every severe charcoal grey skirt. And I loved the deep passion with which she spoke of animal bones and pottery shards and the stories of cultures, and the occasional glimmer of humor in her eyes that convinced me, that underneath it all, she had an irresistible spark.

A tingling need to pee brought me back to the present.

Maddie, stop ogling your teacher and finish your fucking test.

I was a non-traditional-non-traditional student, in that I was returning to school in my late twenties rather than middle-aged. At least I was into major classes now, and no longer surrounded by drooling blank-faced eighteen- year-olds.

If I had to guess, Dr. Moore had to be in her mid- to-late thirties, maybe on the later end.

Much more up my alley than the high-school- looking kids who smiled at me in the hallways or tried to chat me up in the campus food mart. I'd dated a woman her age, but of course, I must be mentally off-limits to Carol, just lumped in with the rest of the blank-faced kids. I'd taken three of her archaeology and anthropology classes now and she'd hardly looked at me sideways.

But this was our final. And by next week I wouldn’t be her student anymore. The semester would be over and the trip wasn’t for credit. I was bummed she didn’t teach any upper level classes, but maybe that meant I could interact with her like a normal human instead of a student.

My excitement and nerves about the future and the possibilities were not helping me focus.

The trip would involve a whole lot more of Dr. Moore but it also involved long drives and keeping hydrated for long shifts, both things I didn't handle very well. I was pretty much guaranteed to be busting to pee for the whole entire trip. But gosh, I was ready to get back into the field. And in the field with the professor who drove me absolutely wild was an added bonus.

I tried to focus my gaze on the Zooarchaeology questions in front of me. I'd just re-read the word paleoecology six times without making any sense of the question.

I crossed my ankles and then tried to casually uncross them.

I never learned. I never stopped swigging my tall glass of lemon water before realizing I was late to class, never stopped speeding over and just making it with no time to make the bathroom before, and I never stopped regretting it.

Sometimes I wondered if she could tell I was fidgeting, but every time I looked up her blue eyes were already on to the next person, or to the papers she was grading while we worked.

I tried to subtly adjust. My jeans felt too tight.

Six questions left. What was painful was I felt fully confident in my ability to answer each of them... but they were essay questions. It just took so much dang time scribbling out coherent answers.

She'd commented on my last essay: Please keep your handwriting legible. I can tell when you're racing to finish because your work starts to look manic.

Ha! She should see me in the bedroom.

Some small part of me liked the chiding, liked her noticing me even if it was in a scolding way. I knew full well I was a kinky little shit.

I sealed my knees tightly together and tried to keep my handwriting crisp and measured, even while my need to pee mounted.

I was starting to associate Carol, being enamored with her, and this class, with having to go, and the way it all made me trembly and fluttery was almost erotic.

I glanced at the clock, and then back at my test, realized I hadn’t even really processed what time was on the clock, and looked back at it.

I could feel Dr. Moore's eyes on me and wilted in my chair a little bit hoping she'd look away and hoping she wouldn't see how my legs were oh-so- slightly jittering.

The moist heat between my legs was hard to distinguish from arousal.

As long as I could remember I'd had a bladder the size of a pea. A few months ago I'd pissed myself in my car while speeding home from work. Even though I'd been able to stealthily pull up to my apartment and make it up the back stairway without being seen, soaking pants and all, I'd still arrived a mess of streaming tears and mascara. Even with no one around it had been mortifying to mess myself like a little girl.

I couldn't even imagine how I'd feel wetting my pants in a room full of people, let alone in front of Carol. It was so awful I didn't even allow myself to imagine it and hurled myself into forcing thoughts into answers and squeezing answers into written form.

I straightened my posture, hoping that might give me a measure of control.

But instead, there was an awful trickling sensation from my pussy and in a panicked moment couldn't tell if it was just the tingling heat of anxiety or actual pee seeping into my panties. And then I wondered whether it was just me being a horny brat, or if I was actually about to piss my pants.

Okay, breathe.

I took a few deep breaths and then adjusted slightly to see if I was wet.

It was hard to tell how things were faring in my panties, but my jeans at least were dry.

All that scribbling and I'd only knocked out two questions. Four to go, and they were more in- depth than the rest.

I looked up at the clock again to check how much time I had left, and then looked back at her.

Dr. Moore was looking directly at me, unblinking eyes pinned in my direction.

My heart picked up speed. Why was she looking at me? Did I look distressed? Was I giving off strong cheater vibes? Could she tell I was doing a subtle pee dance? Did she suspect me of something?

Something awful happened.

In my alarm, I felt a hot spurt in my panties.

Chapter 2

I pinched my legs back together.

Oh God, Oh God.

I waited a moment to make sure I hadn't lost complete control. There was no wetness streaming through my pants.

I was okay.

But I wasn't going to be okay for much longer. I was sure there was a deep pink flush on my face, and that Dr. Moore could see it.

I lowered my head in shame and tried to churn out answers as neatly-rapidly as I could.

Analysis of site formation...

Christ, Christ, Christ.

I really did need to go.

Subsistence patterns...

I tried not to visibly grind in my chair. But I was so tempted to rock, to grind my pussy into my panties, to do anything to turn off the urgent sensation I felt there.

Techniques for handling and interpreting animal remains at dig sites...

Every word was torture to shape, every single letter seemed to take an hour to make.

Mammal specimens are...

The world began swimming before my eyes. I heard a rushing like the ocean in my ears and had to make sure it wasn't the sound of me wetting all over myself.

I was only halfway through the third question.

The last three were worth four points apiece. They could easily affect my letter grade.

I tried to muster the courage to just go beg for mercy. But I took one look at her, glancing coldly and firmly about the room, and I knew I couldn't do it. The room was so quiet you could hear the annoying guy who sat in the front row breathing, so there was no way everyone wouldn't hear me pleading with our professor.

Damn neat handwriting. If I was going to make it through this test without making a puddle on the floor she was just going to have to deal with my chicken scratch.

I started scribbling rapid-fire answers, trying to answer each question with just enough terminology to convey that I knew what the hell I was talking about.

The clock's tick sounded stupidly loud and with every second it felt like my trembling hold on my pussy was failing.

I couldn't escape the damp feeling down there and no amount of clenching my knees together or adjusting or shifting was making it go away.

A few others finished their tests before me and broke the silence by gathering up their bags, loudly rustling their papers, and tromping for the door.

I took advantage of the distraction to slightly part my legs to check that nothing was wet. Dry. Somehow. Still dry.

The last girl out slammed the door and I jumped and nearly drizzled myself right there.

Okay, I had to be done. I just had to be done.

I jaggedly scribbled a few more words, hoping they would make my final answer make sense, scooped up my backpack, seized my test papers, and scurried to the front.

I usually said, "Have a good summer," or "Thank you for a great semester," or some other trivial pleasantry before leaving a final, but today I dropped the pages and ran for the door.

The whole world just about stopped when I heard a voice behind me. "Maddie, could we talk in the hall? For just a minute?"

Dr. Moore. My heart fluttered and then it dropped. She wanted to talk to me! Oh, Christ, she wanted to talk to me.

I looked back to see her casting one threatening don't try anything funny look around the room before rising, in no particular hurry, and following me out the door.

"Are you looking forward to next week?"

"I've been looking forward to it all semester," I said, hoping the brief answer would satisfy.

"You'll love it. It's a great site."

This was the most conversation she'd ever exchanged with me and in any other situation I'd revel in it.

Right now I was resisting the urge to press my hands tightly to my crotch like the pressure might stop the explosion that was coming.

She straightened, back to business. "I was talking to student affairs and since you and Nick are both over twenty-five, we could trade off driving the rental car. You'd just have to sign a few things with them. Are you interested?"

Of course, this talk was for practical purposes. I don't know what I'd expected. But I was eager to please her. "Sure, I'd love to help."

The wet pulsing in between my legs was becoming unbearable.

"Excellent, I'll tell them to expect you. Swing by today or tomorrow and they'll get everything arranged."

"Okay, perfect." I tried not to make it obvious that I was inching away from her and that I was eager to be far away. And fast.

"Do you have any questions before the trip?"

What the hell? Now she felt like talking? Why couldn't this have happened literally any other day, under any other circumstances?

"No, I uh, I think I'm all good!"

I was not all good. I felt another agonizing hot squirt. I'd just squirted in my panties. I was going to lose control any second now. And if I wet my pants in front of Dr. Moore and anybody else who happened to be crossing the hallway, I would never, ever get over it.

"I'm so sorry, I'm late for a meeting," I blurted.

Oh no.

Oh my God.

I felt another trickle, this one longer, and more like a hiss.

The roaring-in-my-ears sound of panic had returned.

"I uh— I'll talk to you next week!"

And with not another word, I turned, and I bolted. She either didn't say anything in goodbye or I didn't hear it.

I realized I was still white-knuckle gripping my pencil, and I'd only slung my backpack over one shoulder. I didn't do anything about either.

I felt another squirt. This time, I felt positive there was a visible patch at the crotch of my jeans, and that visible patch was probably growing.

I flung open the bathroom door...

And there was a line.

I almost started crying. I had no shame about tightly clenching my knees together this time.

I was absolutely going to wet in my jeans if this line didn’t get moving.

One girl came out, another girl squeaked in.

We waited. Two girls in front of me.

Another stall flushed and a girl stepped out. One girl in front of me.

Being so close to relief and hearing the sound of the flushing toilets was not helping me.

Oh, no. Please no. I just barely bit back a whimper. It was happening. There was nothing I could do about it. I was going to wet myself in front of all of these other girls and there was nothing I could do about it.

My nipples were hard and visible through my shirt, almost as if this moment was arousing.

I felt the first alarming trace of a trickle slide down my legs.

God, please don't let this happen.

I knew in my core I was seconds from absolutely wetting on this bathroom floor.

I took two deep breaths and prepared myself for the absolute worst.

Then there was a buzz and the girl in front of me glanced at her phone. She had an incoming call. She glanced back at me and said the savinggrace-words, "You go ahead," before heading back towards the door to answer.

I dove for the just-opening door, nearly knocking over the exiting girl to get inside. I tiptoed around her, hurled myself into the stall, and slammed the door.

Another hot hiss escaped me as I unbuttoned my jeans with desperate, clawing motions, nearly forgetting in my hysteria how to get out of my pants.

I made it onto the toilet with split seconds to spare.

I did cry then, barely biting back audible sobs as I peed. The release felt better than any climax I'd ever felt.

I let myself cry from the overwhelming mix of embarrassment and sheer relief, hoping no one could hear me over the washing hands and flushing toilets and distant conversation.

Finally, I was finished, and finally, I could breathe again, and after a minute I could see through the embarrassed tears.

I took a minute to assess the damage.

My panties were soaked through with pee and there was a barely-visible dark spot that had seeped through the crotch of my jeans. I was lucky. Unless someone was looking really closely they probably wouldn't see. Still, I blushed to think of walking anywhere in these damp panties.

How in the hell was I going to handle a full day of driving remote roads with minimal rest stops to reach an archaeological dig site?

I tried not to let arousal fill me, thinking back to Carol's eyes on me as I writhed in my chair.

Chapter 3

For the first time in a long time, I was not the only one bursting to pee.

The drive to our site was a long one. Most people swigged from their water bottles freely. And most people seemed to regret it when they realized how few rest stops there were along this stretch of highway.

First, the girl who sat behind me in Anthropology asked, "Hey, when do you think we'll hit a rest stop?"

And not much later another girl chimed in, "Hey, can somebody look up when the next gas station or rest stop or something is?"

It felt... strangely exciting not being the only one who needed to pee. For once someone else was biting back embarrassment.

I'd deprived myself of my morning lemon water and didn't drink anything but a few sips the great majority of the drive, and I felt great.

Carol didn't say anything to me, but I was just so happy not to have a repeat of test-taking day that I couldn't be bothered by it.

By the time we arrived at the dig site I was a little lightheaded, but at least my panties were dry. Once we pulled in I grabbed my water bottle and swigged. There were bathrooms on-site and now I could drink as much as I wanted.

Most of the other students scrambled to get out of the van and hit the facilities, and I felt a small tinge of sadistic pleasure watching them do so.

"Orientation, and then we can divvy up shifts," Dr. Moore was suddenly by my elbow, and I nearly jumped at her sudden appearance. There was something undeniably flattering about her consulting me with this information, and nobody else. God, I was like a teenager with a crush.

"I'd love to take a shift tonight. I'm ready to get started."

She looked pleased with my answer.

The site was already bustling with long-term scholars and volunteers.

This was the sort of practical experience I dreamed of, and I guess my excitement was palpable.

She gave me a rare flash of a slight smile. "You excited?"

"Oh yes. I changed my major after volunteering in archaeology fieldwork for a class. I was so hooked."

She looked a little cynical, if not amused.

"Fieldwork is what hooks most of us."

I almost felt like I had to defend myself. "I know there aren't a lot of jobs in the field. But I’d be happy teaching. And even if don’t get paid to do fieldwork, so long as I get to do it, I'll be happy."

Her expression lightened a little. "A dash of realism is refreshing to see."

I laughed at the stiff compliment. "Thanks. I think?"

Her low smile was enough to drive me crazy.

When she walked away I made up for the deficit of water-drinking in the car, draining my bottle dry.

The afternoon was a happy blur of orientation, meeting new people, and then signing up for our shifts. I chose shifts towards the evening so that I could get started right away and then help with the evening's processing and analysis. As a bonus, I wouldn't have to swig water in the hot sun and then dart to the bathroom all day.

By late afternoon, I was settled with my group at my post.

This was what I thrived on. Gloves, brush, and a patch of dirt.

Hours passed.

I was so immersed in what I was doing that I didn't even think of Dr. Moore, or that I should probably take a bathroom break eventually, or really anything else. Dig sites, I had learned, were my version of zen-ing out. Brushing, mapping location and context of shards, fragments, bones. It felt like putting a puzzle together. A complex, slow, very dusty puzzle.

Too quickly, the end of my dig shift arrived and there was no help needed with the day’s processing. I grudgingly had to admit that was a good thing. I finally needed the bathroom and maybe something to eat.

I was almost as eager to see the interior of the old ranger-station-turned-lab as I’d been to reach the site, and not just for the indoor facilities.

Already there were shelves and shelves of photographed, analyzed, and documented artifacts. I stopped to admire a cart of incredibly intact earthenware pieces waiting to be tagged and shelved.

"Amazing isn't it?"

Carol's sudden arrival scared the shit out of me.

I jumped and turned—shoving the cart that unintentionally. And the big piece of pottery on the edge of it went hurtling towards the ground.

"Holy fuck!"

I clumsily caught the piece— barely. With bare hands. The piece was awkwardly rounded and it was heavy. I'd never encountered a pot this heavy in a dig. Pots used by Indigenous Peoples and settlers were lightweight for practicality. I had the one heavy pot in American fucking history in my fucking hands.

My filter was gone. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck holy fuck." Seriously?

We'd just gotten here. It was the first goddamn night. And I was fucking up this impossibly?

Carol's eyes were impossible to read: surprised, horrified, enraged, annoyed, or maybe like she was witnessing sacrilege.

"Stay the fuck there," she said. I'd never seen her lose composure enough to use language like that. "I'm getting gloves. And help."

I felt a small spark of alarm as I realized just how much the incident had jostled me, accelerating the awareness that I needed to relieve myself.

I didn’t think I could heft it back onto the shelf by myself. "I think I can lower it gently—"

"No, I think you've done enough, thank you. Just stay the hell put."

It was more soul-crushing and more arousing than I wanted to admit, her looking at me like a petulant brat.

"How, Maddie, how?" I muttered to myself, as the sound of her crisp footsteps disappeared down the hall.

My knees were trembling and I couldn't tell if it was from the ordeal or because I really did need to pee.

I got my breathing back under control and did the only thing I could do, which was wait.

I waited.

And waited.

I strained to see if I could hear footsteps approaching.

Nothing.

Only the sound of my anxious breathing.

I tried to adjust so that my knees didn't buckle and my arms didn't fall asleep in this cradling position.

Touching artifacts without gloves was probably the most cardinal archaeological sin I could think of, except I'd heard about one guy who pissed directly into a dig site.

It was a mistake to think about that.

My knees were definitely trembling. The need to dash to the bathroom was becoming insistent.

Fuck, why had I drained three bottles of water since climbing out of the car? In all the excitement I hadn't been to the bathroom once since.

I imagined Dr. Moore returning to find me with soaking shorts on top of nearly destroying an artifact.

My heartbeat was getting panicky. My panties clung uncomfortably to me.

"Hello?" I called, hating how anxious my voice sounded. "Is anybody there?"

Nothing.

My arms, I realized, were getting shaky too.

Then I felt it.

The first tiny little squirt of dampness.

"Oh no, oh no, oh no."

The wetness spread in my panties.

I stood paralyzed, praying to God it would stop.

It did. Just barely. I couldn’t stand a repeat of that day after class, just narrowly escaping a wetting. The long trip home with wet panties was fresh in my mind.

I lifted my head and decided to try to call for help again. "Hello? Is anybody in the lab? I could use some help over here!"

My hoarse words just echoed off the walls of the old, eerily-abandoned-feeling facility.

I softly moaned.

I couldn't even clench my shaking legs together because it might jostle my balance.

Why was this pot so stupidly heavy?

I thought about defying Dr. Moore's orders and trying to lower it to the ground. But what if I dropped it? Visions of it shattering into a million pieces were almost as horrifying as visions of pissing myself right here.

I tried to steady my breathing and tried to adjust my arms, just enough that blood would flow through them again.

Oh, no.

Another tiny squirt of pee, this one hot and spreading fast.

I whimpered and tried to clench my legs together without losing my balance or my grip on the artifact.

Stop, stop, stop, please let it stop...

But another little spurt followed the first, and then a second, each spreading in the fabric at my crotch enough for me to feel.

"Oh my God no," I wailed quietly. The little lapses of pee finally stopped. But there was a visible golf ball-sized patch of dampness on the front of my shorts.

All I could do was pray everyone would be too busy helping save the pot to notice I’d begun to wet myself. I tried to adjust my grip and found that my hands were sweating profusely.

"Dr. Moore?" I called, in one last helpless, desperate attempt. "Carol?"

Nothing echoed off the halls except the desperate sound of my own voice.

This wasn't happening.

I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I pissed myself here, in the middle of the hall, and in the middle of what was already the most embarrassing moment of my life. I was torn, desperate for someone to get there soon, and also terrified that when they did I would lose control at the sight of them.

I swallowed past my dry throat and decided to face my options.

I could try to lift the pot back to its shelf but already my arms were straining under the weight.

I could try to lower the pot, but I feared it slipping from my grip.

I could just let go and piss myself and hope that somehow, someway, nobody might notice.

Or I could face the music and the humiliation of being caught with pissed pants.

But I had to do something. I was seriously going to go. I couldn't hold it any longer...

I gasped. "Oh no, oh no, oh no!"

I lost control for just a second. Just long enough for a tiny stream of pee to trickle out.

But it was enough of a stream for the trickle to slither down my leg.

It was one trickle, but it sent me into a panic.

"Dr. Moore? Anybody!"

What did I do? What did I do? I now had a damp patch on my shorts and one damp track of pee down my leg. If they even got here, how much longer would I even be able to hold it? I'd have to go running for the bathroom right away.

My knees were trembling and my vision was swimming.

All it took was one more little loss of control...

Footsteps!

Footsteps clattered down the hall and I almost sobbed in relief.

Dr. Moore arrived, flanked by a group of students and volunteers.

I almost started wetting right then.

"Here," Carol said, tugging on gloves much too slowly. I thought I saw her eyes flicker in the direction of my crotch, but maybe that was just my panicky brain.

She stooped to bolster beneath the pot while two volunteers flanked her to delicately support the sides.

"I do not know how you held onto this by yourself," one of the volunteers laughed nervously, as they shifted the heavy pot out of my grip.

The relief was so profound I had to clench my fists to fight the pressure to piss immediately. I stepped back out of the limelight and away from the cluster of people, hoping no one could make out my crotch spot and that they would forget about me quickly.

Damn it, why was Dr. Moore looking at me? Why couldn't she be caught up in this like the rest?

The pot safely on the shelf, everyone was looking to make sure it was properly matched with its notes and documentation. I decided to make a run for it.

"Thank you so much, I am so sorry," I said feebly.

"I'm sure it was an accident," said one volunteer, dryly. "It's fine."

"Thank you. I am going to go try to calm my nerves after that."

No one questioned my lame excuse or protested me inching away, all still caught up in the pot and the other contents of the cart.

So I made a break for it, walking fast.

My pussy was pulsating in relief and at the thought of finally being free.

"Maddie, hold up."

Not again.

Why, why, w/гу did Carol Moore always have to catch me off guard in desperate moments like this?

I forced myself to slow, but I didn’t stop.

"Yes?" I said when she caught up, more tersely than I meant. Normally, in such a secluded moment, I'd be bending over backward to charm her.

"Are you all right?"

Why did she care about me so suddenly??

"I am. Just embarrassed, I guess.” I kept up my stiff pace. “I'm so sorry."

"I was harsher than I meant to be, earlier. I know it was an accident. An almost disastrous accident. But an accident, nevertheless."

Why did she have to use the word accident? I was going to have one now if she didn’t stop talking!

"Look," I said breathlessly. "I'm sorry but I really could use a minute alone!"

"I understand," she nodded, but she didn't make a move to leave. She looked almost wounded. God damn it, was I doomed to reject her every time she came close to me?

"No, it's not you that I want to be away from, it's just, that I..."

Why was I standing there making an idiot of myself?

I'd already had one trickle of pee stream down my legs, was I seriously begging for more?

I blinked back a sudden hot flush of tears.

"It's not, what you think, it's just that I—"

What was wrong with me? Shut up, Maddie. Stop explaining and get to the toilet before you wet all over yourself in front of your biggest, stupid, girlish crush.

"I'm sorry," I said, breathlessly and finally. And I made a break for the door at the end of the hallway with a restroom sign.

I didn't hear her footsteps depart. Why didn't she just leave? But I was in too much trouble to worry about her seeing my desperate dash for the bathroom.

I tried not to relief-pee when I finally reached the door.

I yanked on the handle and flung open the door. The automatic lights flickered on.

And I almost screamed.

There was no toilet. It had obviously been torn out as there were gaping holes in the floor where the plumbing and fixture used to be. There were shelves of survival supplies instead.

Dr. Moore, damn it, appeared at my side. "The plumbing was horrible in here. There are bathrooms in the housing wing but there's another closer bathroom right up the stairs."

"Show me, please," I said, not even bothering to hide my desperation anymore. It was past the point of urgent. Helplessly, my hand roved down to nestle at the crotch of my shorts, applying pressure.

She nodded wordlessly and led the way back into the hallway, past a few shelves, and towards a staircase. She was walking much too slow for my liking.

Every step up the staircase was absolute torture, and when we reached the top my legs were noticeably trembling.

"It's this way," she said, continuing down the hallway. I was grateful she came with me. In my panic I'd never have found this in time.

"Here," she stopped finally in front of a singleperson bathroom.

"Thank you so much," I gasped, tears streaming down my face. I hadn't even noticed I was starting to panic cry.

I hated being so uncomposed in front of her, but the time for niceties was very gone.

I yanked on the door handle—

And it was locked.

Chapter 4

I crumpled, crying, unable to stop myself.

"No, no, no/' I sobbed, trying the handle several more times, but it held fast. It was definitely locked. "No/1 I groaned, sinking to a crouched position on the floor. "Christ, not right now. I don’t want to pee myself...”

Dr. Moore swooped in like she could salvage this, like she could comfort me, but I was getting hysterical and had never wanted to be further from a person in my life.

"We'll go to housing," she said, extending a hand for me, but I didn't take it, shrinking even more than before.

"No, no, please, go away. I'm not going to make it."

"Come on," she held out her hand more insistently. "If nothing else we can go outside."

Trembling, and grateful even though I couldn't show it, I took her hand and let her lift me to my feet.

"Follow me," she said urgently, tugging me back down the hall and back in the direction of the stairs.

Our footsteps pounded my ears, and the rushing was back, this time with a whole new level of dizziness.

My other hand was still shamelessly pressed against my crotch, but it wasn't helping to alleviate the pounding, desperate pressure.

Every step only made the ache worse. Every step seemed to draw me closer to the edge of the brink, to wetting myself.

I stopped.

"Oh my God, no, Dr. Moore, I’m so sorry, I'm not going to make it."

She turned to look back at me. She was still gripping tight to my hand.

"You're going to make it," she said, not convincingly, and tugged me to follow.

But I was frozen.

Every tingling inch of my body knew I was shutting down, was losing control.

I filled my panties first. A hot blossoming spread there, and my face went red as I felt the cloth sagging, wet, around my pussy.

And then I drizzled into my shorts. It was just a few hot streams, and then finally, the whole stream came, and it was happening. I was helplessly pissing myself in front of my professor.

I released a sob, and could only moan, "No, no, no," as I pulled my hand away from hers and doubled over, like doubling over could possibly save me.

The pee flooded down the front of my shorts and then it spilled down my legs, making me sob.

There was nothing I could do but cry and tremble as it pooled to my ankles, into my socks and shoes, and then spread in a mortifying puddle at my feet.

"Please don't look at me," I begged. "Please just look away." But she was already witnessing the most embarrassing moment of my life and there was no taking it back.

"I am so sorry," I gasped, shutting my eyes against the red hot flood of piss and shame.

Carol didn't say anything. When I opened my eyes I saw that she was respecting my wishes and looking away. I was expecting her to look disgusted, or embarrassed for me, but I couldn't exactly read her expression. It was almost one of the same curiosity and fixation I saw when it came to her work.

How was I supposed to live with myself after this?

I cried and cried, and then finally, it was over. I had soaked myself and there was a puddle to prove it. It took a long minute before I tremblingly allowed myself to stand upright, and when I did I was lightheaded.

"You're okay," Dr. Moore said, quietly, consolingly, and I tried not to burst into fresh tears all over again. "Come here, we’ll clean you up. We'll get it mopped up later."

I couldn't stand to think of someone mopping up my piss, or to think of me walking shamefully back to the dorms like this. So even though I wanted to hide, I didn't reject her offer to help me.

She even took my hand again.

I followed her dazedly through the halls with my heart pounding, hoping to God that no one would pass us.

We arrived at a room at the end of a remote hallway and she unlocked the door.

"I'm staying here."

Invited to her room, and it had to happen like this.

She creaked open the door and flicked on the lights. A simple room with a simple double bed, still nicer than the cots we were sleeping on. And, thank God, there was an attached bathroom with a private shower. I hadn't known how I was going to survive the shared dorm bathroom in this state.

She looked at my face, and I saw a surprising amount of pity in hers. "Poor thing. Can I help you out of those?"

She looked at my shorts, and my heartbeat spiked.

What dignity did I have left anyway?

And some small part of me had to admit there was something erotic and forbidden about her taking care of me like this. I nodded.

She unbuttoned my soaking shorts and tugged them gently down my legs.

"I'll start the shower," she said. "Can I... help you with these too?"

She was looking at my panties.

In my dazed altered state, I couldn't believe this was really actually happening. I could feel my nipples hardening with arousal, peeking through the fabric of my shirt.

"You are very beautiful," she said, and it felt like the oddest moment for her to notice.

I didn't know what to say then. So, my throat dry, I only nodded again.

She fit one slender finger beneath the waistband of my panties and tugged them off me. I shivered once I felt the air hit me, and when I felt the damp fabric of the panties pool around my ankles. She tugged them off and cast them aside with my shorts.

I had never been more embarrassed or more aroused in my life.

"I'm not saying a word to anyone, okay?" she said, sensing the tension I was radiating. "And you aren't my student anymore. So as long as you're okay with this—" her blue-grey eyes flickered to my exposed and unshaved pussy. "I'm okay with it."

I literally couldn't form words. "I..." I swallowed. "Yes."

She stood and helped me tug my shirt away and off.

Was this happening?

I couldn't believe this was happening.

I felt the startling brush of her hand against the bare skin of my back. And then her unhooking my bra.

I managed to stifle a gasp as the bra fell from me, feeling the air on my bare breasts.

If I'd been shivering before, the overwhelm of standing naked in front of the professor I’d admired from day one was a whole new level.

"I’m going to start the water," she repeated, eyes not leaving my body.

"Thank you," I managed.

When she left me air finally came flooding back into my lungs.

Holy fuck.

I'd just pissed myself in front of Dr. Moore and now I was naked in front of Dr. Moore. What was happening? Would she...? I didn't dare to hope she might want to touch me.

But then, the way she had looked at me...

I heard the shower spray to life and felt a new wave of nerves. I anxiously drifted in the direction of the bathroom and watched her adjust the shower knobs and tried not to imagine those hands all over me.

She sensed my presence and turned to face me.

And she gave me the warmest little smile I'd ever seen.

"Thank you for everything," I repeated, weakly.

"I haven't done anything. Here, I think it's hot enough."

She splashed the droplets of water off her hands and stepped aside to give me access to the shower. I felt an instant ache at the thought of her leaving me to shower alone.

There was dust on her boots and ankles from the dig site. A rush of boldness I didn't know existed in me welled up. "You could shower with me."

She gave me an eyebrow raise, a questioning glimmer in her eyes.

But she didn't protest.

"Get in," was all she said, waving for me to step in. I did, not taking my eyes off her. Letting the warm water pour over my body was a comfort, but all I could think of was getting Carol in here with me.

I didn't have to come up with more to say.

She unbuttoned her shirt first. Then she lifted the tank underneath it, revealing a surprisingly lacy little blue bra. She loosed the belt of her shorts, and let them fall, revealing a matching bra-panty set that was striking on her.

And then she removed her panties first, sliding them effortlessly to her ankles. My heart fluttered even harder. My mouth went completely dry. She was perfectly naked down there, shaved completely, and I was suddenly very conscious of my natural look. She removed her bra next, her breasts full and womanly and perfect, her pink nipples pert.

I swallowed to take in more air but didn't feel any more settled.

She stepped into the shower with me, and it was all I could do not to put my hands on her immediately.

Her straining nipples looked so ready for me to put my mouth on— but I was still uncertain. Did she want this? Did she want me?

"I could help wash you," she said, sending sparks all through me.

"I'm not used to being taken care of," I admitted, still high off my earlier boldness.

"Well, we'll have to work on that." She smiled again, absolutely unraveling me.

She reached for her body wash, which smelled of lavender, and worked the soap into a soft lather in her hands. Then she reached forward to wash me, starting with my breasts.

I gasped and arched a little under her touch. She looked terribly pleased and took some time to let her hands gently work both mounds, and both nipples, tenderly working her fingers around them.

"I see the way you would look at me in class," she said, and I could feel the heat come back to my face and prickle on every inch of my skin. "Of course, you were my student back then. I couldn't do anything about it."

"And now?"

"Final grades are in sweetheart," she laughed. "We're just two adults who happen to be on a dig together."

Final grades were in? Shit. I hadn't even looked at them—

Thoughts of academics were instantly erased when she leaned forward and planted a delicate kiss on my mouth, the sweetest most tender kiss I'd ever had. Her breasts pressed perfectly against mine.

Holy wow.

I dissolved immediately into kissing her, into savoring the feel of my nipples on hers, into letting my hands roam her body.

She gasped when I let my forefinger slide over her clit, and I reveled in the power.

And she took that as her cue to begin gingerly soaping the hair at the apex of my thighs. I stiffened at the closeness of her touch.

We made out under the torrents of hot water, and she soaped and she rinsed me, but before I could work up the courage to ask to wash her, the water began going cold.

"I think I got enough soap on me from rubbing all over you," she laughed, cranking off the water.

I had never seen her this light and easy and it was enthralling. But she still held her edge of severity, of intensity, of power, and I felt it when she tucked her foot between my ankles and pushed them apart, forcing me to part my legs. She ran a towel between them, and I tried to conceal how breathlessly I was breathing.

She tenderly toweled every inch of me, and then kissed my neck. And my chest. And then I felt the startling suddenness of a finger at my wet entry.

"All that washing and you're still wet for me."

"I've been wet for you more times than I can count," I blurted.

If she'd looked pleased before, she looked delighted now.

"Well, now we can do something about that." She took my hand in her firm one and led me to where I'd hardly dared to hope this was leading, the direction of her bed.

She gestured for me to lay on my back and smiled at my apprehension.

"This is not the most vulnerable state I will have ever seen you in," she reminded. And at my flush, she leaned in to kiss me again. She whispered in my ear. "Seeing you so embarrassed and sweet is probably the most exciting experience of my life."

I couldn't even begin to process that. Heated memories of me losing hold of my bladder in front of her made me want to crawl under the bed and hide. But the thought that it had sparked something in her, had made her look at me like this...

I let her help me onto the bed and tried not to shy while she positioned her mouth over my aching pussy.

And with no forewarning or lead up she sank her tongue there, letting it glide hot and warm over my clit.

I spasmed and she laughed. "I will never get tired of watching you come undone."

Something in me unfurled then, finally processing that this was real and that the humiliation I'd expected to push her from me was only drawing her closer to me, and only making her want me more.

I relaxed and let her tongue work me, dipping and swirling, sending sparks over my sensitive nub and then dipping low to my wet entry. She had an incredible way of razing my clit and then leaving it exposed to air and wanting. Then she drifted back to tend it again, sending me into an aching fever pitch each time.

And then, unexpectedly, she climbed on top of me. "I want—" she sounded breathless. "To kiss you. For a bit."

She entangled our legs and began to kiss my neck and nuzzle my shoulder, and I realized she was grinding her vulva against my body, first my upper leg and then my thighs as she kissed lower and lower. And then I realized I was positioned to conveniently rub myself against her legs for my own pleasure. I arched up hesitantly at first, letting my vulva just gently graze her skin. Then she adjusted to look into my eyes and I nearly retreated.

"Don't hide from me, baby," she whispered. The endearment on her tongue struck me as the sweetest thing I had ever heard. "I want you all mine, even the things you're afraid of."

I'd never felt so exposed and so safe to feel exposed.

I let my body connect with hers then, and I ground my clit against her leg while she lowered her head to let her tongue work my breasts. Letting her tend me so gently with her mouth only made me crave to let her have more.

And she took more, finally disentangling our legs and letting one finger dip inside me.

"Oh God," I groaned.

"Relax for me," she whispered, kissing my chest, letting my body take her finger deeper. She spun a dizzying friction in my core; a lurid, gentle, roving friction— and then she stopped as quickly as she began.

"I want to feel you," she said, with a hoarse urgency. Which confused me, because she seemed to be very much feeling me.

I was afraid to ask what she meant and what she wanted, but she didn't make me wait for very long.

"Relax," she whispered, parting my legs further. Then she entangled her legs with mine, fitting herself between them, her vulva hovering against mine. In a split second, I processed that she'd perfectly positioned me for our most intimate places to meet. And before I could fully process what was coming, she ground her womanhood against mine. I arched and I gasped, wondering whether I was really that wet, or if she was just as wet for me as I was for her.

She worked instantly into the most delirious, wonderful friction I had ever felt. I'd never entangled this perfectly with anyone, never felt more like my body was perfectly created for somebody else's pleasure, made to fit so completely with another woman...

All I could think of, suddenly, was a thousand ways to submit myself to her pleasure. And that thought, tangled with the feverish friction she was working between our clits and our bodies, and the sight of her breasts bouncing all for me, sent me surging towards the brink.

I was shy to come this quickly, but then I wondered whether she would like that. I wondered whether I would squirt for her. And I wondered whether she what like that too.

The sparks at my core fizzled, coiling...

"I would like to keep you forever," she gasped, between thrusts, "And make you wet for me all the time. In all the ways."

I spasmed. A gasp, a small cry, and then a moan, and my body caved to its climax, my nipples taught, my clit sizzling, and then every inch of me awash in pleasure.

I could feel the surge of wet between my legs that assured me I had squirted for her and could feel a thrill wafting from her that assured me she could feel it flooding against her too.

"Oh my God," she gasped. "Oh. Wow."

“Please don't stop,” I gasped, still savoring the feel of her against me, trembling against the oncoming wave of her own pleasure.

All I could process as she continued to thrust against me was the torrent of warmth and absolute unexpected surrender to this moment in time, lying tangled in the aftermath of my climax.

Lying with her.

And then, of all things...

There was a knock on the door.

She disentangled from me immediately and I jolted upright, clawing for a blanket to cover myself, and looking at her in total alarm. "Oh my God," I mouthed. Had somebody heard us?

She looked unruffled as she reached for a robe at the side of her bed and tugged it on.

"Oh my God, oh my God," I practically burrowed in her blankets. She looked back at me, a coy kind of look on her face, and then she flung the door open wide. I tugged the blanket over my face.

The person on the other side of the door was Nick, the other student who had helped to drive. Td guessed from the way he looked at Dr. Moore that he may or not have been in love with her too.

"I... thought I heard something. Are you all right?”

"Never better," she said, with her usual cold crispness.

There was quiet, and I felt sure he was glancing around the room. But he finally seemed satisfied, and grumbled, "All right, I'm just down the hall if you need anything."

"You’ll be the first to know if I do," she said, and there was a touch of irony to her tone that made me smile despite myself.

She closed the door.

And I sat up, finally able to breathe.

My face was scarlet, and Carol was taking it in hungrily. "I will never get tired of that face," she said.

And I realized I'd never get tired of letting her see it.

"You should come show me how to pleasure you," I whispered. She didn't disagree.

She flashed that rare, warming smile and removed her robe for me.

