Elevator Distress

By Fluidity (date unknown) f T#421

It had been a good movie and dinner, I thought to myself, as I stood across the street from my apartment building around midnight waiting for the light to change. New York City is a great city; you can see anything here.

I glanced down toward oncoming traffic wondering if there was a gap through which I could slip across the street. What I saw, instead, was a woman with a long coat running up the street toward me. She came up to me and turned to cross the street; I recognized her as Sheila, one of the loveliest young women in my building.

"You're in quite a hurry, aren't you?"

"I have to take my dog for a walk," she gasped, after having run for I don't know how long. "I was at a hockey playoff party and have to get home. My dog has been waiting a long time."

She stood, breathing deeply, as one would have expected after a long run. But she was moving while standing and this made me think of something else. She did not stand still and watch, like me, for a gap in the traffic, hoping to beat the light. She paced back and forth as if she could not afford to stand still. I had seen such movement before, and my mind wandered.

The light changed and she dashed across the street. As I marched briskly after her, I wondered if perhaps the dog was not at the very top of her mind.

I was successful in getting into the elevator with her. She leaned against a corner with her legs crossed and a wild, gasping, openmouthed expression in her voice. "I have to get to my apartment, use the loo, and take my dog for a walk." Now it came out. She was probably bursting and used the dog as an excuse for doing so unladylike a thing as run up New York City streets like a schoolgirl.

"I know how you feel; it gets impossible to hold it back as you get close to your apartment." I wondered if I had been too bold and suggestive, but her head nodded in agreement and there was a sort of blushing smile as her eyes dipped down to the floor.

She leaned against her corner rocking her thighs together, and then glanced over at me, perhaps afraid that her desperation was showing too much. She knew that I knew that she was in a hurry, but she didn't know if I knew just how desperate she was; I didn't.

As we approached her floor she dipped a bit, as if to give her thighs a chance to push back her bladder one last time before her dash to her apartment. She knew enough to get her keys ready by searching for them in her purse.

"Oh God! Oh God please no...," she squealed as she searched her purse. "I can't find them. They've got'ta be here. Oh shit, shit, shit shit, no, not this time."

"What is it," I asked, helpfully, and hopefully. "Is there anything I can do?"

"I need the loo so badly but I can't find my keys. If I have to go down to the front desk and get the set left with the management I'll never make it back up here." At that she bent over and down in sort of a crouch which must have given her sphincters a great deal of help in pushing back her bursting bladder; it also showed off for the first time her bright red silk panties that, up to now, remained dry. But it was clear that such contortions would only help for a few moments. The girl was at the limit of her capacity.

"Come on up to my place and slip into my bathroom? It won't take a second," I asked, even more hopefully. Sheila had the darkest, deepest brown eyes I had ever seen. She was blessed with the most foxy expression, so that when she smiled, it looked like she was inviting sex no matter if she was speaking of parsnips or scones. And here she was, bursting for a piss, bending and rocking in agony, and I was the only hope she had of avoiding the most embarrassing of accidents.

The long coat that was flying in the wind during her mad dash up the street had remained open and unbuttoned from the moment I saw her. She was wearing a jet black, demurely short dress that came down mid-thigh and showed off her long legs and thin waist. The dress was deeply cut so her modest breasts were shown off without bra to their maximum advantage, with all the cleavage her body possessed on display. She was breathing very deeply, her mouth constantly open.

"Oh, could you? I'm gonna to leak any second now."

"No problem," I said as the door opened on her floor. She continued to lean against the corner of the elevator and fidget with her legs as we stared at this open door. It seemed to stay open a whole minute which to Sheila must have been an hour. While the door was open she bounced up and down a bit more with her thighs crossed.

"Couldn't you go at the party," I asked, hoping for more details that led her to this desperate situation, though, perhaps this was not the proper time for casual conversation.

"The line was enormous whenever I looked, and I thought I could get home. Our building is only two blocks from the subway stop, but I had to wait forever for the train. I shouldn't have stayed so long. At least I got to sit down in the train or it would have happened there."

The door opened at my floor. She dashed out, half bent over, and reaching down between her legs for the first time with her hand. "Where is it," she gasped. "Over here," I told her as I strolled down the corridor toward my door. Before getting my key out, I turned to her. "Please understand that my place is not the cleanest in the world," I said as she stood, sort of half-crouching, hand tightly gripping her crotch, openmouthed, staring up at me with the most desperate expression in her gorgeous brown eyes.

"I'd pee in six inches of shit at this point," she gasped. "Please hurry." Tears welled up in her eyes, and I knew I could not bear to make her wait any longer. I got my keys out, opened the door. "Over there," I pointed. And then I heard it. "Oh Fuck, NO," she cried. A hissing sound came from her ass as she bent over and knelt down in the doorway of my apartment. Pee began to splatter down from her black hose-covered legs onto the door-stoop as her red silk panties were overflowing. Three strong squirts only took a few seconds and she was able to cut it off.

"Ooooh, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go..." she half-whispered. Sheila dropped her long coat, half-stood up and hobbled toward my bathroom with her lovely ass sticking out toward me. I could see the gleaming wetness of her pantyhose from her ass down the inside of her gorgeous legs.

I followed her and, as she entered the bathroom, told her, "There's a towel here next to the toilet." That served only to permit me to follow and be close to her. She was virtually oblivious of my presence as she desperately reached up under her skirt and yanked her pantyhose down to her knees.

Then, as she reached back up to get her panties down, another loud hissing sound began and pee sprayed down in all directions, onto the floor, toilet seat, and onto her panty hose bunched up at her knees. She got her half-soaked red panties down all the while pissing like a horse, all control lost. Out came this intense, gushing stream of piss of enormous volume and power.

She plopped herself down on the seat and looked up at me. "Oh, God that feels so good. I've been waiting forever to let that out." She gave me this big, wide, ecstatic, openmouthed smile, and slowly closed her eyes while her enormous stream gushed into the toilet. I stood staring at her for a minute or more enjoying this deafening sound of her quickly emptying bladder while her breasts rose and fell with every deep breath she took. Her nipples were almost visible from the extreme angle I was permitted.

When her stream finally faded away after almost two whole minutes (the clock in the bathroom came in handy other than to get to work), two or three strong squirts finished it off; she wiped her pussy lips with toilet paper, stood up, briefly showing off her enormous bush, and pulled up her panties and hose.

"Well, I guess I put on quite a show for you." She washed her hands and kept talking. "I want to thank you for this. If it hadn't been for you, I would have filled the elevator on the way down." I stood staring at her with an enormous erection pulsing out from my body, bursting to leave my pants. Her hands dry, she turned toward me, glanced down at my cock and with a gleam in her eye, knew what it meant. "You are a lifesaver."

With that she gave me her most beautiful smile, reached up and kissed me with a soft open-lipped kiss, let her hand brush against my steel-hard cock. and before I could reach up to touch her breasts, she dashed out of my apartment, neatly dipping down to gather up her coat. I was dazed, but ecstatic.

