Dick's Dentist

Author: Fluidity (1999-04-17 at 20:21) W#32532

Dick Shaftson was in a hurry. His bladder was full and he was late for the appointment with his dentist. Dr. Flowing was certainly the most beautiful dentist Shaftson had ever seen: jet-black hair, short but permed up off her face, slender, small-breasted as he liked, meltingly beautiful; and he got to watch her for a half-hour twice a year. Fawcette (“Say it like Yvette,” she would say) Flowing seemed not to be aware of the affect of her beauty. She always gave him the professional persona and immaculate dentistry that Shaftson expected.

He bounded into the waiting room and went to the little window; “Hi, Flo!” Florence Turgedly had been Doctor Flowing's office assistant for years.

“Hello, Mr. Shaftson; Dr. Flowing is expecting you; just follow Fawn into room P”.

Only Fawn could take Shaftson's mind off Dr. Flowing. Her long blonde hair, fair, freckled cheeks, and youthfully inviting smile made Shaftson glow. Before he knew it he was lying utterly prone in Dr. Flowing's examination room with a chain around his neck and a dribble bib on his chest.

Dr. Flowing made her entrance, dressed in skin tight black slacks and a black sweater demurely showing only a bit of cleavage (even with a wonder-bra, she only had a bit to show); over it all was her white dental frock, open to the waist. She looked smashing and she and Dick knew it.

Fawcette set about checking Mr. Shaftson's mouth. She slipped the slobber sucker into his mouth and began the examination. Mr. Shaftson always interested her for she found his unorthodox personality and his good looks very attractive. She was always letting her gaze wander around his body, looking for signals that would feed her fantasies. Her body flushed as she fantasized and began to scrape the plaque away from Mr. Shaftson's molars.

Shaftson gazed into Fawcette's liquid green eyes and full, rich mouth, having just a slight touch of cherry bizarre lipstick; her lips were just parted, showing off a gleam of her white upper incisors. He was in heaven, but he knew he was rushed into the room by Fawn and did not attend to his over full bladder as he needed to. It ached with pressure and he feared he might squirt if he could not continue pressure with his sphincters.

He wondered if gravity would help him, his being flat on his back. Perhaps if he completely relaxed, his urine would settle on the back side of his bladder and not reach the entry to his urethra and certain embarrassment. He tried to relax but feared the consequences. Slowly he relaxed the pressure on his sphincters. His bladder ached for release but Shaftson tried to keep from pressuring it. He seemed to reach a point of equilibrium with his urine safely inside his bladder and his sphincters getting some needed rest. He lay that way for a minute or two content with gazing into Dr. Flowing's eyes. The gaze was so erotic that his member began to stiffen; the problem was its position: not pointing in the proper direction to allow unimpeded growth. It was jamming into his shorts but there was little he could do about it since Dr. Flowing had a full view of his crotch.

And then his bladder lost its equilibrium and threatened to empty right there. Shaftson frantically tightened his sphincters, barley averting a major squirt. He now was in erotic and urinary agony; his painfully full bladder was threatening to squirt like a fire hose; his cock was struggling to erect under the powerful presence of Fawcette Flowing's heavenly beauty. He tried to casually let his hand fall on his crotch near his struggling little friend.

Fawcette's heart skipped a beat and she began to breath more deeply. Mr. Shaftson's hand was next to his cock and she could only view it peripherally, her eye firmly fixed on scaling another tooth. “Oh, God, he's trying to adjust his cock; is it firming up? Will I be able to see a bulge in his pants? Still, my heart! You'll burst!”

“Why don't you rinse your mouth out, Mr. Shaftson”.

Her eyes darted to Mr. Shaftson's cock; sure enough, he maneuvered it so it pointed “up” (“Right toward my heart,” she thought). But then he gave it two very strong squeezes. “Does he have to pee? Oh, Lord above, you have answered my innermost prayers. Mr. Shaftson's bursting to piss. Can I stand it?”

Shaftson lay back down. His bladder was in agony. The effort to lift his mouth to the spittoon just about caused him to lose control. He could not stroke his cock any longer; he simply hoped that she didn't see what he did under cover of turning to rinse out his mouth. His sphincters would have to hold without help. But could they? The pressure was unbearable. He had to whiz so very, very badly. Would that the fortuitous erection be of some assistance. Its continued state depended upon his making maximum use of lovely Fawcette's remarkable features. He concentrated on her lips, more open than before; if only he could reach up and kiss them and let his hand rise to her dangling breasts just beneath her white frock. He was sure that she was braless and imagined he could see her protruding nipples, but perhaps it was his imagination. Oh, it was working. His bladder ached but his cock was firm and holding back the tide.

Fawcette was losing control, herself. She was so hot with surging emotion it was embarrassing. “Surely he can see my flush,” she thought, trying to concentrate on the next tooth while Shaftson's bulging cock was what drew her eyes. It seemed to throb every few seconds. “He must be having to squeeze it to hold his bladder, poor thing. God, I wish I could reach down and stroke it to help him out… Oh, no; that way madness lies. I've got to get under control.” She licked some sweat off her upper lip and continued to breathe through her mouth, more open than before. It was difficult not to look into his eyes which were scanning her face as if he intended to sculpt it. “He has gotten me so hot, I can't believe it”.

Shaftson was in bliss and in pain. Dr. Flowing never looked so glowingly gorgeous, and his bladder had never hurt so badly. Suddenly he felt his sphincters begin to lose control. He absolutely had to do something. He squirmed his ass around in a circle, driving his thighs together, to try to convince his body that “this is not the time.” It worked for a now but he didn't know if it would work again and it was so very obvious. He may have to squeeze his cock next time. He couldn't bear to think of that. If only she would finish. He now had to flex his ass muscles to make his sphincters bear down. He knew that the rhythmic motion of his ass made his crotch thrust up but he couldn't help it; it was that or flood his pants in full view of Dr. Flowing's green eyes.

Fawcette almost fainted when she saw what he was doing. “He must have to piss urgently to do what he is doing to his body. I can't let him flood himself in my chair”.

“Are you all right, Mr. Shaftson?”

“Well, Doctor, I'm in a bit of a hurry”.

“A meeting, perhaps?”

“No, Doctor, it's a bit more urgent than that. Well… I'm rather looking forward to using your toilet when you are finished. I'm quite uncomfortable just now”.

Fawcette flushed crimson, and thought she must look like a fool staring at him, dumb struck and speechless. Shaftson, unknown to her, thought she had never looked so ravishingly beautiful; he drank in her eyes in giant gulps.

“Oh,” she said softly. “Well, we really are finished now. You can rinse your mouth and I'll have Fawn show you to the toilet.” She held the door firmly to keep herself steady, and called out into the hall, “Fawn, I need you right now.” She turned around and saw Shaftson struggling to stand up.

“No time to rinse, Doctor. I'm about to burst.” As he stood up, he bent over and pressed his hand against his cock and rubbed it firmly. “I'm sorry to be so crude but my body has a mind of its own”.

Fawcette knew she was surely hyperventilating by now, so heated by this scene before her. Fawn bounced in and immediately saw Shaftson's firm rubbing of his cock. “Wow, you really gotta piss, don't you?” she blurted without even thinking what she was saying.

“Fawn,” Doctor Flowing said quietly, attempting to remain under control, “please show Mr. Shaftson where our toilet is. Right now, please; it is urgent”.

“Sure, Doctor. Follow me, Mr. Shaftson,” Fawn brightly said. “Why didn't you pee when you came in? That was 45 minutes ago. You've been holding all that time? I sure couldn't do that. I would have wet my panties long ago. When I gotta whiz, I don't wait for anything or I'll flood the place”.

Shaftson listened to this lovely, innocent girl babble away about her bladder problems while he firmly stroked his tired cock, still half-bent over in agony. When he saw the toilet door up ahead he reached out and pushed Fawn aside and ran to the door, pulling down his zipper with the other hand. He felt urine flow into his urethra as he burst into the door and began fumbling for his mostly flaccid member. He freed it just as a jet of urine squirted out of it, hitting the mirror above the toilet and continuing to stream as he redirected his cock to its intended direction.

Fawn saw all this as she looked through the open door, unsure whether to reach in and close it for his privacy, or continue to stare at Shaftson's mighty stream. Just behind her was Fawcette, still breathing deeply. Shaftson was lost to the world emptying his immensely full bladder, no care but to relieve this massive pressure. He did not know the show he was putting on; he would have enjoyed it more.

