Fun in my jeans

Author: DampDude (2001-08-27 at 09:40)

Saturday night, I started drinking iced tea in the evening. Then, I waited. And waited, and waited. I was having a blast as the urgency started to get stronger and stronger. By 9:30 I could almost feel it coming out into my pants, but I waited some more. When 11:00 finally came, I was about ready to wet myself.

My wife was getting ready for bed, and asked me if I was going to come to bed too. I told her I would in a few minutes, and stayed in the bed watching TV with her. She kept asking why I wasn't going to bed, and I always had a different reason. Finally about 11:20, I showed her my sheepish grin, and told her that I was going out for a “garage party”. That's our name for my peeing in my pants. I always do it out in the garage. She said “I thought that's what you were waiting for…”.

I hurried downstairs, and grabbed my cigarettes. I love to smoke when I pee in my jeans. Then, I went out in the garage, and got ready. I lit a cigarette, and fondled for a while, just letting the pressure build some more. Finally, I could stand it no longer, put my hands between my legs, and started to wet my pants. It felt sooo good to feel the warm pee fill my jeans. Then, the dark spot started to grow, and I smelled that familiar and wonderful aroma. My pee spread out around my zipper, and down my legs. It then started to spill on the floor, as I had so much saved up. I paused in my wetting, and enjoyed the feeling with my hands, all while continuing to smoke. Finally in one large, long wonderful gush, I let it all out. I love the hiss sound that it makes as my piss floods my jeans. The hiss continued for some time, and what didn't stay in my pants puddled on the floor.

As I continued to watch myself wet my pants, I got more involved with my hands, rubbing all the wetness. My bluejeans where now completely soaked, as was the front of my shirt my socks and the floor. I lit another cigarette, and of course had to sit down in the puddle and play in that. My heart pounding alomst made the ground move. Peeing in my jeans is great, but it's even better when my wonderful wife is upstairs, and knows what I'm doing. She was in a warm dry bed, I was in warm wet pants, and I stayed that way for some time.

When I finally realized that the party was over, I stripped off, put my clothes in the washing machine, dried up, and went up to bed. She was still awake, and I got into bed and the two of us went to sleep.

The next morning over early coffee, I told her that I was going up for a “fun shower”. That's another code we use. She asked me if I was looking for some jeans, and I told her no, I had the ones I wanted. I went upstairs, selected my most worn jeans and a wonderful silk shirt. I got into the shower, and once again, peed in my pants. I watched the wetness spread throughout my jeans. My oh my how I just love to pee in my pants. Just saying it gets me going (pun intended). Say it with me will you? “I like to pee in my pants!” There, sounds wonderful doesn't it?

Anyway, when the wetness was all either in my clothes on in on the bottom of the tub, I turned on the shower and proceded to shower fully dressed. I got all soapy as the body and clothes got clean in the lather. That was a long bath. When I was done, I stripped off and got dried. I then walked down stairs, thanked my wife, and put my clothes in the washer with the outfit from the night before. I hate to end these parties, but I've got to wash and dry my clothes so they will be ready to pee in next time. I wish I could wet my pants now, but it will have to wait…

Girls, please email me if you liked this absolutely true account of my weekend

