Girls School - Part 4

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-02-09 at 21:45) W#47432

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 4

With the rest of the girls still in class Melanie and Kyrie had the entire dorm to themselves. They went to Melanie's bed and quickly stripped down to just panties. Melanie lay down in the bed and settled into the lingering dampness from her morning pee. Kyrie settled on top of her and they immediately began to kiss deeply. Melanie surprised herself by reaching down and gently caressing Kyrie's pantied crotched. Kyrie was squeezing Melanie's breasts. She moved slowly downward and sucked on each of Melanie's nipples. After a few moments of this she resumed her journey southward toward her ultimate goal. As she approached it Melanie suddenly said, “I'm starting to pee”. In a blink of an eye Kyrie grabbed her and whipped her around on top of her.

“Pee on me baby”, she said in a breathy voice, “pee all over me”.

Melanie immediately obliged, gushing a steady flow of pee all over her girlfriend. Kyrie was soaked with Melanie's wonderful golden nectar, from her face down to her knees. Her panties soaked through and became transparent, and Melanie's panties were running with pee. Her stream died away and she collapsed onto Kyrie. Without quite realizing she was doing it, she swung herself around so that they were in the sixty-nine position. Instantly Kyrie was sucking on Melanie's red hot pussy, right through her pee soaked panties. She dribbled just a little bit more and Kyrie let if drop into her mouth. She swallowed it, savouring the flavour. Down at the other end Melanie was staring at Kyrie's pulsating sex, hesitating, her heart pounding at the realization that she was about to lick another girl's pussy. Kyrie continued to lick furiously at Melanie's pussy and finally Melanie's hesitation broke.

She plunged her face into Kyrie's crotch and began to lick her with abandon through her panties. And not a moment too soon either as Kyrie had begun to pee. It wasn't exactly a forceful jet as she had just peed a little while ago, but she managed to get a bit of a trickle flowing through her panties. Melanie held her face under it and let it flow into her mouth and through her hair, slowly soaking it. She swallowed a couple of mouthfuls, relishing the wonderful taste in her mouth. She got back to Kyrie's pussy again, this time holding her panties aside and licking it directly. In moments they both exploded in thundering orgasms, and then collapsed into each others arms, spent.

As they were relaxing together in bed after their first time together there was a sudden knock on the door.

“Um, excuse me, girls?”, a voice said.

They both sat up suddenly and looked toward the door. Sue, the school nurse, was standing there.

“Sorry to interrupt but Miss Donaldson, the assistant Dean, is waiting to give you a ride over to the clinic. I've brought you some clean, dry clothes to put on, and Kyrie, could you show Melanie the diapers please?”

“Yep, no problem”, Kyrie answered.

“Okay then”, Sue replied, “I'll leave you two to get diapered and dressed. Meet Miss Donaldson by the front office in about twenty minutes”.

“Thanks Sue”, Melanie said sincerely. Sue responded with her trademark “my pleasure” and then turned and left. The girls had a quick kiss and feel and then Kyrie took Melanie over to a cupboard, one of many along the far wall of the dorm, and pulled out two small sized adult disposable diapers. She gave one to Melanie and the two of them simply stood there and diapered themselves. Then Kyrie grabbed up two more diapers.

“We'll need to change ourselves while we're out”, she explained. Melanie looked sourly at her and she suddenly remembered. “Oops, that's right, you'll need about six!”

Melanie couldn't help herself and had to chuckle. “Now, now”, she said with a smile.

“Well!”, Kyrie retorted with huge grin.

“Okay, bring them then”, Melanie said, giving in. Kyrie stuffed them into a back pack and they quickly put their clean dry clothes on: standard tight blue jeans and white T-shirts. They met Miss Donaldson at the front office and soon they were in the car heading for the clinic.

“Now Melanie”, Miss Donaldson began, “It would not be a good idea to mention our wetting practices here at the school while you're in the clinic. Oh they know all about it, but they don't exactly approve, so it's best not to say anything, okay?”

“Sure”, Melanie replied.

“Thanks Melanie. Of course, if you need to change yourself just use the restroom. But that goes without saying”, Miss Donaldson added. “Oh and you really shouldn't talk about it around town either. There are stories and rumours floating around out there, but nobody really knows the full extent of what happens at the school. So just be careful what you say”.

“I will”, Melanie said. She suddenly had a rather odd feeling inside her about this. What's going on here? she thought. What am I caught up in? She made a mental note to ask Kyrie about it when she had a chance. Another ten minutes passed and then they were at the clinic.

“Here you are girls!”, Miss Donaldson said brightly.

“Thanks Miss Donaldson”, Melanie said.

“You're very welcome”, Miss Donaldson said with a smile. They got out of the car and as they did Miss Donaldson said, “I have to get back to the school for now, but I'll be back to pick you up in a couple of hours, okay?”

“Yep”, they chimed together. She pulled away and the girls went into the clinic. As they stepped through the door Melanie wet her diaper. She was surprised she had made it this far. Maybe she was getting better. She whispered to Kyrie that she had to change and after she had told the receptionist her name they both went into the restroom and Melanie changed herself. Their stay at the clinic proved to be a short one as they were out of there just twenty minutes later. They had some time to spare so they went for a walk downtown, hand in hand, not caring at all what people thought. They window shopped for awhile, both of them commenting on various items of clothing and wondering what it would be like to pee in them. After about an hour Melanie wet her diaper again. She became annoyed and said, “You know, these damn diapers are a pain in the ass. I keep having to change myself all the time”.

“Well, it is for your own good sweetie”, Kyrie said.

“Yeah, well I'm not wearing them anymore”, Melanie said in defiance.

“But you'll wind up wetting yourself Mel”, Kyrie said, concerned.

“Well then so be it”, Melanie retorted, “It'll be better than having to change my diaper all the time”. Kyrie hovered with indecision for a few moments. Then she suddenly said, “Okay then, I'll take mine off too. That way, if we wet, at least we'll be a matching pair!”. They both had a good laugh at that as they made their way to a restaurant and used the restroom to take their diapers off.

“Ew, feels weird wearing jeans with no panties”, Melanie said, smiling and grimacing at the same time.

“Yeah”, Kyrie replied, “feels kinda naughty”. Melanie chuckled, and then they left the restaurant and resumed their walk. Another half hour passed and they had begun to look for Miss Donaldson's car when suddenly Melanie felt a growing pressure in her bladder. She was stunned to discover that she could actually hold it a little. But the pressure was growing fast and she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it. Kyrie noticed her anxiety and said, “Honey, what's wrong?”

“I need to pee. Bad!”, she managed.

“You're holding it?!!!”, Kyrie blurted, shocked.

“Just barely”, Melanie hissed. She was dancing about now, furiously. Suddenly she grabbed her crotch and squeezed it so tight it hurt. It helped, but only a little.

“Listen, we better look for a restaurant or something around here. You have to get to a restroom!”, Kyrie said urgently. Melanie was not looking forward to wasting a perfectly good pee into the toilet, but right now she didn't really have much choice. They turned to walk along the street and look for the restaurant when a car horn tooted and they looked toward the street in time to see Miss Donaldson's car pull up to the curb. Melanie's need was now so great, and her bladder was so weak, that she was only moments away from bursting. She started to hobble toward the car, and as she reached the door the floodgates opened. She stood there and watched in resignation as glistening streams of pee soaked her jeans to the ankles. A small rivulet of pee trickled over the curb and into the gutter before burbling noisily into the water in the bottom of a storm sewer.

“Oh Mel”, Kyrie said, “I'm so sorry”.

Melanie actually smiled and said, “Don't be. It felt great”.

Kyrie smiled back coyly and said, “Naughty, naughty!”, and promptly wet her jeans too. She didn't have much pee in her though, much to her chagrin, so she only managed to produce a damp stain to part way down her thighs. But it felt wonderful all the same.

“Good thing I've got vinyl seat covers”, Miss Donaldson said with a stern look on her face. “You better get in the car before somebody sees you”, she added tersely. They got in immediately and when the doors were closed Miss Donaldson said, “Girls, why did you take your diapers off? Remember what I said about the situation in town?”

“I'm sorry Miss Donaldson”, Melanie said quietly, “It was just such a pain to have to change them all the time”.

Miss Donaldson scowled and said, “Well it may be a pain, but change them you must. If you two ever do that again, your off campus privileges will be suspended for a month. Is that clear?”

“Yeah”, they both said nervously.

“Okay then”, she said, putting the car in gear, 'Let's get back to the school”.

By the time they got back to the dorm it was after 4:00 in the afternoon and the rest of the girls were there. As they walked in the other girls all jumped up and ran over.

“Melanie, Kyrie!”, they all said anxiously, “Where were you? We were so worried something might have happened”. Melanie explained everything that had happened, including her accident. There were expressions of relief all round that everything was okay, and everybody had a good giggle about the 'accident'. Eventually everybody headed back to their own areas. Kyrie and Melanie went together to Kyrie's area and cuddled in her chair. They just sat there enjoying the closeness of each other. After a time Melanie turned and looked at Kyrie and said, “So what was that all about with Miss Donaldson today in the car?”

“What was what all about?”, Kyrie asked back, puzzled.

“Well, she said not to say anything to anybody about how we all wet ourselves here. It kinda got me wondering about it, that's all”.

“Ohhh, okay. Well, it's not really anything major. I mean I'm sure you must agree that our pants wetting and bed wetting is a little unusual”, Kyrie replied.

“Oh yeah”, Melanie said, “If I had found out about it before I came here I would have thought it was sick. But living here and actually doing it myself I can appreciate how much fun it is to just pee whenever and wherever I want to, and how wonderful it feels to do it”.

“Well there you go sweetie”, Kyrie said, “You can appreciate it because you live here, but outside of the school they just wouldn't understand. I guess Miss Donaldson would prefer to avoid a confrontation with the authorities”.

“The authorities?”, Melanie said, suddenly concerned. “Is it illegal?”

“No, no”, Kyrie said quickly, “We all do it of our own accord. Nothing is forced on us here. But the outside world just wouldn't see it that way. They'd think it WAS forced on us. They'd probably try to have the school brought up on charges or something”.

“So in other words”, Melanie said, “if we're not careful, we could all be in big trouble”.

“Well not us”, Kyrie answered, “But the people who run the school would be”.

Melanie thought about this for a moment and then said, “Yeah, and then we wouldn't be able to pee ourselves all the time any more, right?”

“Well yeah, you're probably right about that unfortunately”, Kyrie said. They cuddled a little closer and Melanie began to idly caress and squeeze Kyrie's breasts. She tried to pee a little into her pants but could only manage a few squirts. She was startled to say the least. She tried again, pushing harder this time, but got nothing at all.

“Kyrie”, she said, “I can't pee”.

“What?”, Kyrie asked, perplexed.

“I can't pee”, Melanie replied, “I just tried to wet my pants a little but nothing came out!”

“Well maybe you're getting over whatever was wrong with you before”, Kyrie said.

“Isn't that a little quick?”, Melanie inquired, “I didn't think people healed that fast from anything”, she added.

“I don't know sweetie”, Kyrie said, “it was just a suggestion, that's all”.

They sat there crammed into the chair together, and just cuddled for a while. Melanie was actually drifting off when Kyrie suddenly spoke. “That was really surprising that you could hold your pee like that in town today.”, she said.

“Yeah”, Melanie said, “I don't know though. Remember what Sue said? About how it takes weeks or even months to become incontinent? Well, I guess I couldn't have been incontinent after all. Maybe it was like the doctor said. Maybe I was caught up in the pleasure of being able to pee my pants all the time”.

“Yeah, you're probably right”, Kyrie replied. Melanie was about to say something when the PA system suddenly came to life and a loud voice issued from the speakers.

“May I have everyone's attention please”, the voice began, “This is a very important announcement. All students are required to report to the main auditorium tomorrow morning at 9:00 am sharp for a special address. This is mandatory. All, repeat all, students will be there at 9:00. Thank you”.

Melanie and Kyrie looked at each other quizzically.

“I wonder what that's all about”, Melanie said.

“I have no idea”, Kyrie replied. Melanie shrugged and said, “Well, I guess we'll just have to wait and find out”.

The following morning Melanie woke with Kyrie's breasts just below her chin. Her morning pee immediately demanded attention. She moved herself down a little to bring Kyrie's breasts up to her face, and in so doing, Kyrie woke up.

“Morning sweetie”, Melanie said softly.

“Morning”, Kyrie mumbled sleepily. “I'm peeing”, she added matter-of-factly. Melanie immediately released hers and they lay there and got saturated together. The combined hiss/burble of both of them was quite loud and Kyrie started to giggle.

“Holy”, she said, “It sounds like a waterfall in here”. Melanie couldn't help herself and laughed out loud. “You know, it does, doesn't it?”, she said, still chuckling. They looked at each other then and began to French kiss as their warm wetness spread out around them. Soon the mattress was wet and squelchy, and made wet noises as they moved around on it. At length they fell apart and just lay there enjoying their wet bed. They had, of course, starting sleeping in the same bed since becoming girlfriends. Melanie glanced up at the wall clock and said, “It's 8:30. We better get going sweetie”.

“Yeah, I guess we should”, Kyrie replied. When they went to get their clothes they noticed clean, dry jeans and T-shirts waiting for them. They looked at each other, shrugged, and put them on over clean bras and pleasantly damp and pee stained panties. It was 8:45 as they headed out the door. They arrived at the auditorium and found two seats together at the back. Precisely at nine o'clock Miss Donaldson walked up to the podium. She tapped the microphone and was rewarded with a loud pop and a brief squeal of feedback.

“You attention please students”, she said without further ado. “May I present your Dean and school chairperson, the esteemed Mrs. Dorothy Etherington”. The girls politely applauded as a poised and well dressed woman of about sixty made her way to the podium. She turned to look at her audience, smiled as politely at them as they had applauded at her, and said, “Thank you girls”. The applause died away and Mrs. Etherington began.

“Students, I am speaking to you here this morning because of a number of issues that have arisen recently in and around the school. It concerns the degree of wetting that is taking place. Now I have no problem with you wetting your pants and bed whenever you wish. After all, I have always advocated that sort of total freedom here at Etherington, and I am not about to stop now. However, it has come to my attention that many of you are engaging in rather ridiculous peeing contests. I do not condone these types of activities in any way. Consuming large quantities of fluids for the purposes of stimulating urination can be quite detrimental to your health, and I will not allow my students' health to be put at risk. Effective immediately, all such peeing contests will cease completely and permanently”. She paused to sip from a glass of water, and to allow her comments time to sink in. Then she continued.

“Also recently, I have been told that bed sheets are not being changed frequently enough. Considering the fact that you all wet your beds every night, this is a most unacceptable state of affairs. The same holds true for your uniforms, your blue jeans and T-shirts. Therefore, effective immediately, you will all be issued a clean, dry uniform each day, and you will also be issued clean bed sheets as well. You will be issued a new mattress each once a month. You may continue to wet yourselves freely, as you were before, but these new rules must be followed.

As for your night clothes, these will be washed and dried for you by the cleaning staff during the day, each day. Now there is something else, and this concerns me a great deal. There have been recent incidents of girls disobeying the rules while off-campus. This has involved such things as removing their off-campus diaper protection, and failure to change their diaper resulting in leakage. Those who removed their diaper went on to wet themselves in public. This is absolutely unacceptable, and it will not be tolerated”.

Melanie and Kyrie were, by this point, blushing furiously.

“From now on anyone wishing to go off campus must be accompanied by a chaperone. It will be the chaperone's duty to ensure that the diaper rule is strictly enforced. Anyone caught off-campus without a chaperone will lose their off-campus privileges for a full three months”. She paused again to take another sip of water.

“One last thing students”, she resumed. “I know that you have all wondered whether or not I wet myself and my bed. Since I know that you all do, I thought it was only fair that I tell you about me. Well I'm sorry to disappoint you but the answer is no, I don't wet myself. Remember the new rules girls. You know what will happen if you are caught disobeying them. Thank you”. She turned, stepped off the podium and walked out of the auditorium. Miss Donaldson stepped quickly up to the podium and spoke.

“Thank you Mrs. Etherington. Okay students, it's already 9:20, so your first class is cancelled for today and you can all go to your second class. This assembly is dismissed”.

As she walked away from the podium, she actually spotted Kyrie and Melanie, and gave them a very nasty 'I-told-you-so' look. They both noticed of course and Kyrie said, “That bitch! I bet the chaperones were her idea just to get back at us. Well that's it, we're going to do something about this”.

“Like what Kyrie?”, Melanie asked skeptically.

“Like making her have an accident, in town, in front of everybody”, Kyrie said evilly.

End of Part 4

