Deepika's College Life Ch. 03
	Fresher's Show is on, and Deepika meets the wrong seniors.
Author: sin138

Chapter 3 - The Fresher's Show

The gym outfit

"I seriously can't go like this there," she said to herself looking at what Zakir gave her, from that night. The 'shirt' was just a sports bra, which she figures she can just put a t-shirt over it, but her shorts are another hurdle. Her shorts are no better, if they were considered shorts. It was white spandex, which stopped pretty much below the buttocks, and she did not have a spare gym shorts. This did not worry her too much, since she can just stick with old t-shirts and her pajamas when she goes to the gym. Better to look stupid, than get random creeps staring at her, as she thought.

Fear of the Seniors

Deepika received a text from an unknown number.

Hey this is Rupesh

Im in charge of the fresher's orientation performances for the Fresher's Show

We r having fashion show for the seniors

and u r in

After that night in Anuj's party

I think you will say yes

Deepika could not forget that night 2 weeks back. She did not like where this was going, but these guys would not stop reminding her by showing her the pictures they took. She also is slightly panicking as she couldn't find her passport or the OCI. She knew she had no choice to but to agree

Deepika:

Fine im in

Wats d theme?

Rupesh:

Historical people

No idea who ull be

Depends what the seniors want lol

Will tell u soon

Bye!

Everyone in the gang did not hide how despicable they were, except Rupesh. He usually gets along with other people, to the point they voted him as class representative (CR). He and a few other students are organizing a freshers performance for the seniors.

This is the time the seniors and 1st years will get to know each other, and the seniors will rag the 1st years. Priya was not looking forward to it. It was rumoured that the girls were told to stripping down under command. Many girls, including Deepika, heard this. This gave some relief to Deepika, however, since that means whatever the gang are planning for her, she will not be alone.

Night of the Fresher's Show

It was October 20th Saturday, and everyone from college went to the town hall. Despite going for the Fashion practices, she was told she was going as Cleopatra on the day of the Fresher's Show. Everybody else knew their costumes, but there was some problem with hers due to the revealing nature of the costume. The seniors however did not mind.

As the show started, the hall was filled with every student in the school. Deepika had trouble finding Priya, the only person she felt comfortable to be with. Most of the juniors were confronted by the seniors. Some were hiding from them, expecting the worst. Deepika however was safe in the changing room, where the other girls were changing. Everyone else had received their costumes, but hers has not arrived. Her makeup was at least done. She started to get worried until her phone beeped. It was a message from Rupesh.

Meet me in boy's changing room

None of the guys are here

itll not look good if i come to ur room lol

She did not bother understanding the logic to what he said. She left the ladies changing room and went behind the stage to reach the men's room. She knocked on the door, to be welcomed by a grinning Rupesh. He locked the door as soon as she entered.

"Your costume is in this bag," He said signalling his backpack. "Put your clothes in your bag first."

"Shouldn't you leave?" She asked.

"Say's the perv in the boys room," he laughed. "If you want I can send those awesome pics from the party to the guys."

Immediately, she removed her kurti and pants, and stuffed them in her bag. Rupesh was not satisfied.

"All of it, bitch," he said coldly. "underwear and shoes."

She knew it was best not to piss him off, so she obeyed. Rupesh was breathing heavily seeing this naked slut in front of him. He ordered her to lie down on the bed. As he unzipped his pants, he was contemplating whether to stick it in her pussy or mouth.

"If you want I can suck it," she desperately asked. "I haven't had sex yet Rupesh."

This actually tempted him more, since that would mean she would lose her virginity to him, in some dingy boy's room. In the end he decided the mouth. He did not want his spunk to ruin the costume if it leaked from her cunt. He stuck his dick to her face, in which she grabbed hold and started bobbin back and forward on it.

The whole time, he was squeezing her tits. Deepika reacted by spreading her legs. 'What am I doing??' she thought, as her hands went towards her snatch. She started stroking her labia, slowly. She then put her fingers inside her, reaching for the clitoris. Surprised with what he is seeing, he started recording her with his phone. He finally blew his load in her mouth. She nearly spat out the contents, before realizing it would smear her makeup, so she just swallowed the bitter cum.

"You got 10 minutes to get ready," he said, as she was just reaching her orgasm.

It was after she finally climaxed did she realize Rupesh left without closing the door, and that her bag is missing. She ran to the door to lock the door. She then opened his bag which contained plastic bag of her costume. Her heart sank after seeing what her costume consists of.

There was a wig to give it an ancient Egyptian feel, a pharaoh crown, and sandals. To cover her body, there was what looks like the slave leia costume, but the skirt looked smaller, and thinner. It would be obvious she is wearing nothing underneath. It was either go out like this in front of everyone, or get caught by everyone completely naked.

After putting it on, she looked at herself in the mirror. It was obvious she was not wearing any underwear. The bra was strapless, exposing her back. The material for her thong skirt, stopped halfway to her thighs, and was only 4cm wide. Without the cloth however, ten her vagina would be visible. She wanted to stay in the room, only to hear a knock on the door. She did not move. The person knocked on the door again.

"Open the door, benchodhs! I gotta change!"

She had no choice. Deepika opened the door, revealing a shocked Ahmed (Priya's boyfriend).

"Hi! Uuum sorry but the thing is.. well... I..."

"Hey chill," Ahmed replied calmly. He did however blush at what he saw. "I won't tell anyone as long you let me change in piece."

"Sure no problem," Deepika replied in a high pitch voice. As much as she wants to see this soccer player topless, it would be inappropriate.

Ahmed chuckled as he locked the door. Everyone backstage could not stop staring at her. Even the girls did not keep their eyes off her. All of them were dressed up as Marie Curie, Florence Nightingale, Queen Elizebeth II, pretty much any woman who wore decent clothing. Deepika felt like a stripper in front of them. Many however did not mind her attire.

"Wow that is quite brave Deepika," one of the girls commented. "But hey it's for the show. Glad you are being such a sport."

"You go girl, showing off what you got," another commented.

Deepika felt a little better. Of course some called her a Randee (Prostitute), but for now those people did not bother her. The fashion show started. Deepika was paired up with Priya's boyfriend, Ahmed, who is dressed as Julius Caesar. He wore a fairly conservative toga, with the robes covering every portion of his body, except his left arm. Their names were called out as they went on to the stage. Everybody cheered. The audience all shouted Deepika's name. There were several people whistling and screaming, as the 2 walked up the ramp, and back.

The seniors had trophies for the best male and female model. All the models went on stage, where the names were announced. The ones with the biggest cheers received the trophy. Unfortunately Deepika lost out to Marylin Monroe, but she did not mind. Most people loved her, and respected. She got off stage, feeling proud. That chaned when she received a text from Zakir.

My seniors wanna meet u

they r just outside the auditorium in the hall

Amhit will bring you there

Before she could react, Amhit arrived and dragged her outside the hall. Some of the seniors wanted to rag them, but Amhit told them his Bihari seniors wanted to meet her. He lied about her origin from Bihar.

They went in to the hall, seeing 3 seniors and the rest of the gang.

"Nam Kya he?" one of them barked.

"What?"

"What is this?" The other senior asked. "You don't know Hindi?"

"Not really," Deepika answered embarrassingly.

They all started to laugh. They still kept talking to her in Hindi, while she stared confusingly. She had no idea what they were saying, but she heard words like Randee, lundh (Penis), and choot (pussy). They asked her a question.

"I'm not sure what the question is-"

"Yes or no?" the short one asked.

"Yeeess?" she answered.

Smiling they directed her to the boy's bathroom. The largest Senior ordered the juniors to go back to the other Biharis in the hall, leaving her alone with just the 3 seniors.

"Um what are your names?" she asked nervously.

"Hey! Who are you to ask us for our names," The fat one retorted. "We don't introduce us. You have to give the introduction. Since you can't speak even Hindi, you have to do it in English slowly"

As the tall one locked the door, he demanded her to introduce herself.

"M-m-my name i-i-s Deepika," she stammered. "I-I'm from-"

"Can't even speak English?" the short one retorted. "Say it without sounding like some retard."

"My name is Deepika," she repeated nervously. "I'm from America. I am not exactly sure where I'm from-"

She stopped after noticing one of them started to undo her bra. Another one was sliding his hand up and down her legs.

"Keep going yaar," fat exclaimed. "This is just part of your ragging. Besides, being dressed like a randee, don't suddenly act all decent."

"Yeah, we know you westerners have no problem getting naked and having sex with people,no?" the tall one mocked. "How old were you when you first fucked?"

"Um I didn't really have sex, actually," she replied, as the fat one started untying her Cleopatra bikini bottoms. As it dropped, all three started getting uncomfortably close to her, with the fat one frenching her.

"Ha, she's claiming to be a virgin it seems no?" The short one mocked, "You would'nt be lying to us would you? We all have been in this school for 15 years. We are your super seniors then. You must respect us."

"Bro, if she's giving us the chance to take her cherry, as they call it there, she definitely giving us respect no?" the tall senior amusingly asked.

The fat one laughed, "If she's a virgin, then I guess we don't really need to use the condoms then."

She was then carried to the urinal, where she got a deja vu of her time in the bar's bathroom. The smell definitely did not help, especially since its obvious no one flushed. Deepika was made to sit in the urinal, where the fat senior took out his dick. Slowly he inserted it between her legs, and into her pussy.

"Fuck this bitch is already wet," he laughed, noticing the ease his dick slipped in. "Guess you really wanted this huh."

As he fucking her twat, he was sucking her breasts. He then grabbed them with his hands. Eventually his frequency got faster, making her moan loudly.

"That's it I'm gonna cum...Fuuuck!" he exclaimed, pumping his sperm deep into her pussy. He removed his penis out and wiped the remnants of cum off her leg. As he zipped up, the tall senior was getting ready.

"Congratulations, on losing your virginity," the tall senior mocked as he started to mount her. "We got your wonderful moment on camera if you want a copy. Don't worry, I'm more romantic than this choot."

He locked lips with her and start kissing her. Deepika did not what was coming on to her, but she kissed back. Happy with what he was receiving, he inserted his dick inside her. Slowly he started fucking her pussy, while still locking lips with her. She hated every moment of this, but her body says otherwise. She orgasmed twice. He came, after 10 minutes, inside her pussy. He moved to the adjacent urinal to take a piss, while the short senior started to unzip his pants.

Deepika's jaw dropped at the size of his penis. It looked like it was 10 inches. It was huge, erect, and she see the veins bulging out.

"Relax girl, I will make sure you'll enjoy this," he assured.

He slowly inserted his dick inside, until it reached the bottom, with only 6 inches inside. He then started fucking her slowly, then eventually sped up. Deepika, was screaming in ectasy. He kept going at it for 10 minutes while the other 2 only lasted 3 minutes. Each thrust made her cum. Eventually he too drained his snake inside her, with some of it leaking out. After he pulled out, he wiped his dick with her bottom costume. He threw it in the urinal the tall senior used.

"Ok bitch, get the fuck out now."

"Find out our names, so next time you meet us, you can address properly."

"Yes sirs," she replied.

It was at this moment she just realized what she just happened, and felt her stomach get heavy. She just lost it some people she did not even know the names too. They were not even good looking. Their breaths were horrible, and the first person to pop her cherry, had a gigantic potbelly, with yellow teeth, and male pattern baldness. As soon as she dressed up, they took her back to the hall, while she leaving a trail of cum on the floor. 'thankfully nobody was outside,' she thought. That is until she heard someone slipped on the mess she made, causing them to run straight to the hall.

There she met the rest of the Bihari seniors. She had to reintroduce herself again. Many were disappointed she did not know how to speak Hindi. Others took this as an opportunity to say dirty things to her without her knowledge. The comments made about her ranged from just fondling her breasts, to even pissing in her pussy or making her eat cum straight from her pussy. One girl mentioned it would be funny to see her get impregnated by a stinky homeless man. Deepika, however, was oblivious to what everybody was saying.

After the shows were over, she went back to the girl's changing room. She was relieved to find her bag in the room and changed. She finally met Priya in the bus, which took them to the hostel. When they reached to the room, they immediately got ready for bed and turned the lights off.

"Hey I saw you on the stage Deepika, and you looked awesome," Priya mentioned to her roommate. "I'll admit, I probably won't be able to go up exposed like you did, but you definitely pulled it off."

"Thanks Priya," Deepika replied. "How was your night?"

"Surprisingly ok," Priya replied. "Got to see my man win the best male model award, and got to meet some seniors. The most I was ordered to do was dance, and boo at the performances. I don't know how many times I had to introduce myself. It turned out the seniors aren't so bad after all."

"Really?" Deepika asked confusingly. "Some of themdidn't creep you out?"

"Well there were three old seniors who were trying to get me to kiss one of them, but the other seniors intervened and got me away from those weirdos. Turns out these guys have been failing the classes for years. One of them was there from '93. How is that possible?"

"You don't say?"

"Yeah," Priya laughed. "Think they got some slut to fuck them in the end. Apparently, people heard some girl moaning in the boy's bathroom, but the door was locked. She must have no self respect for having sex with those 3 guys."

"Yeeeeah," Deepika said, as her stomach clenched. She was the only person as it turned out who ended fucking in this event. Everyone else just interacted with the seniors like normal people.

