The Origins of Infinite Capacity-3

Author: Splashfics

3. On The Wane

On Saturday morning, having declined to join Sara and Cordelia for some shopping in town, Chandra left her house and instead went for a walk on her own around the neighbourhood. While her intention had been to try and forget about what happened earlier in the week, her mood took a sudden dive when she inexplicably managed to walk right past the very cemetery she was keen to avoid. Chandra cringed, remembering her accident and all the subsequent embarrassment that went with it. Even though she didn't need to pee at that moment in time, a voice in her head (which sounded suspiciously like Cordelia's) taunted her about not leaving the house without ‘using the toilet first’.

‘Ohplease, I'm not a child..!'

But subconsciously Chandra was asking herself if she had been this morning and panicked slightly when she realised she in fact hadn't...

She marched away from the cemetery and continued walking for a long time until her feet started to ache and her hands were numb from cold. Eventually reaching a cafe on the corner of a quiet road, she thought about having a cup of tea to warm up. Again, a nagging voice whispered inside her head, warning her 'not to drink too much' or she might wet herself a second time. Brushing it aside once more, she ordered a large cup of tea and sat at a table by the window. In no time, the tea had done its job and Chandra was feeling warm and ready to head back home.

‘Maybe you should pop to the ladies first?'

‘I don't need to!' she snapped and stepped out into the chilly air.

Later in the evening, Chandra sat on the living room settee watching the television. Her mother, never sure what to say to her daughter on the best of days, resorted to the tried and tested method of putting the kettle on. Gratefully receiving a steaming hot cup of tea, Chandra hesitated for a second as she brought it to her lips. It annoyed her that she had to keep reassuring herself that she wasn't one sip away from drenching her knickers.

‘Especially as I haven't had to go at all today!'

And she was right, she hadn't. It had been over ten hours since she woke up that morning and not once had she needed the toilet. It did seem a bit odd, but it happens some days...

‘Right?'

By bedtime, Chandra fully expected she would need to empty her bladder before calling it a night, but when she stood by the toilet after brushing her teeth, she felt nothing. Now this was very odd. She'd had plenty to drink since morning and unless she'd somehow completely blanked them out, couldn't remember a single trip to the toilet.

Casting her mind back even further, when she thought about it, she couldn't recall going to the toilet on Wednesday evening after coming home from the cemetery. Having abruptly stopped herself mid-flow that night, she would certainly have had some quantity left over, but she didn't seem to remember needing to do anything about it the following morning, or at any time thereafter.

‘How could I not have realised?’ she asked herself, her eyebrows furrowed. ‘I guess... I guess I wouldn't have spared a thought for it as long as I couldn't feel anything...’

Chandra was at a loss.

‘Okay, if I still don't feel anything tomorrow morning, I'll go to the doctor,’ she resolved and turned the light off in the bathroom before going to bed.

On Sunday morning Chandra awoke without a single twinge or pang. Her bladder felt as light as air and as far as she could tell, it was still lying dormant.

‘Now that isn't right at all..? were the first words she uttered as she swung her legs out from underneath the duvet and stood up, trying to prompt a response.

‘All that tea yesterday and nothing...’

Despite her promise the night before and indeed her better judgement, Chandra decided against going to the doctor. For no precise reason, she felt it would be best to keep this to herself for the time being and try to go about her daily life as normally as possible.

As a week went by without a single trip to the toilet however, Chandra realised just how abnormal her condition was. Every time she drank anything she was hyper conscious of the effect it might have. She was, still, feeling thirsty as usual and she continued to eat regularly, only when it came to ingesting any sort of liquid, she would wonder to herself, firstly, where the devil it was all going and secondly, if the next glass, can, mug or cup would finally be the one to make her want to go to the loo.

‘Or the one after that, or maybe after that...?'

This new preoccupation was a welcome tonic for Chandra, who was still suffering a crisis of confidence in the wake of her ill timed accident. Not only because she no longer had to second guess her ability to safely negotiate between lavatories, but in a strange way it made her feel slightly less... ordinary. In an even stranger way, it started to become oddly exciting.

Every evening that week after school, she found herself rushing home to test herself. Night after night she tried to figure out just how much her body could take and whether she couldn't force herself to need to go.

On the Friday, in what was a quite dangerous stunt, Chandra spent the entire evening shuffling back and forth between the kitchen and her bedroom, filling jug after jug with water, downing glass after glass, then repeating the process. She did this until she'd managed to consume a staggering six litres of water in just over five hours. Despite a splitting headache and bloated stomach, Chandra was determined to know exactly what was going on inside her body. She slipped into bed after midnight feeling decidedly uncomfortable and was only just able to drop off to sleep after tossing and turning for several hours.

Once she did fall asleep though, she didn't get up a single time the entire night. And when she eventually woke up in the morning, she didn't feel even the slightest need to relieve herself.

Chandra marvelled at how incredible it all was and her excitement grew greater still. It began to dawn on her how useful this unusual turn of events could be and as she lay there in bed, she grinned at the prospect of never ever getting caught short again...

