Breathless

Author: Accidental Tourist (1998-01-14 at 15:22) W#8555

My poor, pregnant wife Julie rushed into the room, fire in her eyes. “God damn it!” she muttered under her breath. Standing in front of Molly and me, she hurriedly stripped off the pair of black sweat pants she was wearing, and then her pink, cotton panties. It happened so fast that I just barely caught a glimpse of wetness glistening in the crotch of her panties, before they and the sweat pants arced through the air and into the clothes hamper. Molly and I looked at her curiously, but Julie gave an expression that signaled that she didn't want to talk about it. Quickly she pulled a fresh pair of underwear and sweat pants from her drawer and pulled them on, then left the room. I went back to the story I was reading to 3 year-old Molly, who was sitting on my lap in the rocking chair. I was in my underwear and we were covered by a fuzzy afghan.

Moments earlier I had heard the sound of vomiting coming from the bathroom. It was difficult to explain to Molly why her mother was sick so much these days, but far too early in the pregnancy to tell her that she was going to have a little sister or brother. As often as I could, I would reassure Molly that she didn't need to worry about Mommy, that Mommy would be OK. As I read the last few pages of “Peter Rabbit”, I mused that Julie had probably just splashed some toilet water on herself during her bout of morning sickness. But when Molly got down from my lap and left the room, I waited a discreet moment and then reached into the clothes hamper.

The panties were sopping wet in the crotch! I sniffed at them and they smelled faintly of urine and ammonia. Then I drew the black sweat pants out of the hamper. Although quite new, a faint darkness and the aroma of urine all around the crotch revealed that Julie had pissed her pants! Hesitating a moment, I pulled the sweat pants on over my dry underwear, and walked downstairs.

Molly had placed her favorite cassette in the VCR, so she was safely occupied for the present. I stepped into the dining room, adjacent to the kitchen, where I could hear Julie bustling around, but couldn't be seen by her. “Are you OK, Jules?” I shouted softly. “Yes,” she replied. “It's just that that's the second pair of sweatpants … oh, never mind. I'm fine”.

I felt the delicious wetness around my crotch begin to warm, like a gentle pair of hands around my balls. The wetness was slowly soaking through my underwear — very, very slowly, since I was standing up. Probably these sweatpants would slowly dry in the air. What a pity. On the other hand, if I sat down, the urine might soak into the crotch of my underwear a bit faster. And, really, from a purely practical standpoint, what was the difference between that situation and the one where the wetness originated from within? That is to say, my underwear would probably become equally wet if I were to pee into them just a little. So I did.

Just a little. I felt the tiniest of trickles of warm urine leave my penis, and get wicked into the crotch of my cotton briefs. The warmth surrounding my groin and balls increased just a bit. I peed a tiny bit more, and knew that my underwear was quite wet now — any more than that and the direction of flow due to capillary action would reverse, and the sweatpants would become wetter than they already were. As it was, I had an equilibrium condition established.

I went back upstairs and occupied myself in mundane tasks, trying to contain my excitement. The beauty of this situation was this: the sweatpants I was wearing were mine. Although I am a few inches taller than Julie, all of our height difference is in our torsos. Like most women, she is slightly longer-legged than a man her size, but her torso is shorter. The upshot is that we wear the same size in pants, and often pay no attention to whose clothing we are putting on. Especially when it comes to sweatpants or other baggy casual wear.

So, Julie had peed in *my* sweatpants. She had undoubtedly lost control of her bladder while vomiting. She had spoken, reluctantly, of this in the past; an unfortunate side effect of pregnancy for her was stress incontinence. She was uncomfortable talking about bathroom accidents (a fact which made our relationship less than perfectly open, since I am a closet wet pants enthusiast). She hadn't told me what had happened, but had simply peeled the sweatpants off and put them in the hamper, not considering whether they were hers or mine. They just needed to be washed now, and it didn't really matter who had worn them. But I didn't have any clean sweatpants to wear, so it only made sense for me to pull an *apparently* clean pair out of the hamper, and put them on. They were mine, after all. She hadn't told me they had been pissed in, so how was I to know that they were, or to think to check? I peed another faint trickle, just enough to maintain equilibrium.

I finished making the bed and putting clean laundry back into drawers and closets, and then I went downstairs, collected Molly and began getting her ready for bed. In her pajamas we read a couple more stories in the big, comfortable rocking chair, and I let a few more squirts of pee go into my underwear, keeping my underwear and sweatpants in a nice, even, damp state. Molly padded off to bed and was asleep within minutes. I went back downstairs.

Julie was washing dishes, her back to me. I busied myself with something or other, wiping the table. We began talking about this and that, things we had to do the next day and the rest of the week. At some point she turned away from her dishwashing to face me, and we continued our conversation. “I wonder when she's going to notice what I'm wearing,” I kept thinking to myself, “or if she's going to notice at all.” I let another tiny squirt of pee go into my underwear, just to keep them wet, and the sweatpants damp.

Maybe it was the look of concentration I had on my face, or maybe it was some psychic focus on my groin that I was unable to hide. Suddenly Julie's eyes strayed momentarily to my crotch, and she turned red as a beet. “Why are you wearing those pants?” she said.

I was struggling to keep from blushing myself; fortunately Julie was so embarrassed herself that she didn't notice my redness. “I dunno, why not? They were in the hamper but they're not really that dirty”.

“It's just that … .” Her voice trailed off. “What?” I asked with baited breath. I let another squirt go. I'd better watch it, I thought — I'm about to wet my pants in front of Julie.

“It's just that I had an accident earlier,” Julie said quietly.

“What?” I said. “What are you talking about?”

“I had an accident. I wet my pants. When I was sick. *Your* pants. Those pants you're wearing.” She stopped talking, and then she said: “Twice. I mean I didn't wet those pants twice. I wet my sweatpants, and then I put yours on, and later I wet yours too…” Her voice trailed off again. She was obviously mortified.

“Oh.” I didn't know what to say, because I was in a state of shock and arousal. I hadn't really thought this far ahead when I'd pulled the wet sweatpants on. I had only been thinking about the feeling of wearing wet pants, and the opportunity to get away with something. But what was I going to say now? What emotion was someone supposed to experience when they innocently pulled on a pair of their own pants that someone else had accidentally (and innocently) peed in? I wasn't angry, and couldn't imagine being so. After all, the incontinence was something that Julie didn't enjoy, but had to put up with. But I couldn't very well admit to having put these sweatpants on deliberately, either. I feigned nonchalance. “Oh well,” I said.

“Oh well?'” she asked, incredulous. “You're just going to wear them?”

“They're not still wet are they?” I asked, reaching down and cupping my crotch with my open hand. Ah! Such a feeling, the warmth of still fresh piss surrounding my balls (I had just let one final trickle of pee go — I knew I couldn't get away with this much longer.) “Oh my, they *are* wet!”

I looked at her, and was unable to keep a smile from playing across my face. She buried her face in her hands and leaned against the kitchen counter. “I'm so sorry, David,” she murmured. Then she looked at me with anger in her eyes. “This goddamn body of mine, I hate this!” she cried out. “I feel so shitty all the time, and now this. You're wearing the pants I peed in”.

I thought about what to say next. I was breathless, aroused, ashamed. “It's OK,” was all I could think to say. I didn't want her to feel bad — she had done nothing wrong. “I know this is so hard for you, this sickness, but just remember why were doing this — how much we love Molly and how much we want her to have a sibling, and how much we want another baby ourselves. How much we love this baby inside you.” I hesitated. “You know, I get so frustrated, not being able to do a thing to help you, not being able to share your discomfort. Maybe this is a way I can share — I'll wear your wet pants.” And I couldn't help giggling, and was relieved to see her smile too.

I moved toward her and took her in my arms, and she returned my embrace. But her curiosity, about just exactly how wet those pants I was wearing were, got the better of her, and her hand strayed to my crotch. My penis sprang to life at her touch, and she felt the hardness growing under the sodden fabric of the sweatpants. She moved her hand back to my back, and raised her face to mine to give me a kiss, but a moment later her hand moved tentatively back to my crotch, and our second kiss was hungrier and more urgent.

I stepped away, reached down and unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down. I knelt down in front of her, sitting on the floor, my knees spread apart. I kissed the inside of her thigh, and then slowly moved my tongue up, up, to the seam of her panties. Moving them aside, I extended my tongue, and tasted the faint ammonia taste of her. She moaned as I moved my tongue slowly across the glistening of her. A golden puddle of urine pooled on the floor between my legs, reaching a long slender finger across the kitchen floor toward the stove.

