KISSES BY THE SEA

Author: William Abbott

This story is the first in a series of three that I tell in the second person, with “you” as the protagonist.

I love the beach. It's a setting I come back to again and again in my stories. It's such a sensual environment, not least because people there wear so little. It's tricky for a desperation story, though, because it's a challenge coming up with a reason why a woman wouldn't just wade out into the ocean and go in the water.

Thus the silk scarf.

You haven’t told her yet.

Your odd sexual kink is still a secret, held tenderly, tucked inside and out of sight. In the past, you’ve told a couple of girlfriends—admitted to them how watching a woman squirm with a full bladder is as much of a turn-on as seeing her naked or hearing her cum. Mostly they were OK with it. One was a little weirded out. But it’s still something you’re very shy about bringing out of the closet.

And now...this new girlfriend is something special. You’ve been together a couple of months and she quickly became your best friend as well as your very best lover. You’ve found you like all the same things, you never run out of things to talk about, and it seems you laugh together all the time. You’ve never met anyone before who’s so good at finding the fun in every situation.

And that’s not even counting the sex. You laugh together in bed as well. She has a gymnast’s body, small and strong and very flexible, but what really makes the sex something special is her playfulness. That, and how easily aroused she is. You love how wet she gets from being touched and being kissed. You love how easily she cums.

But you haven’t told her your secret. The sex has all been vanilla—though it’s the riches, creamiest vanilla you’ve ever tasted. You’ll tell her one of these days. Sometime, when she asks if there’s anything you especially like, if there’s something you want to try, you’ll find the courage. You hope she won’t be too freaked out when you do.

You’re on vacation now, tenting in a campground and spending your days at the beach. It’s eighty degrees and breezy with the sun sparkling off of the water. You’re barefoot, both of you, walking in the firmer wet sand left by the receding tide. Now and then the waves race far enough up to ripple over your feet, sucking the sand out from under you as it retreats.

You can get hard just looking at her. She’s barely shoulder height next to you, a small body but with perky, mid-size breasts, and today she’s wearing...not very much. A scarf—a square of silk, folded to a triangle and tied round her, over the breasts and under the arms, knotted in back. It covers what it needs to—in fact, the point hangs down past her belly button—but it’s so light that it looks like it might blow away in the breeze, and it leaves her breasts free to sway and bounce as she walks. On the bottom half are short shorts.

The fabric is rough, almost a terrycloth, but they stretch over her bottom like a second skin, hugging the curves of her buttocks and snug in the groove between. There’s no panty line. A thong underneath? The hem of the shorts is exactly at the top of her thighs, and her butt cheeks peek out just a tiny bit, winking with each step. There’s no camel toe—not quite —but they’re tight against her vulva, creases in the fabric making a letter V. You can see a little triangle of sunlight peeking through between her bare thighs right at the point of that V, even when her legs are pressed close together.

As for yourself, you’re wearing an old pair of jeans with the cuffs rolled up to your knees to keep them dry on the beach. A sleeveless tee shirt is breezy and cool on this warm day, with the arm holes open almost down to your waist. The jeans fit your body like a glove—no need for a belt—but the denim is worn to a comfortable softness and you move with ease. They’re your favorite pair, and it’s sad that they’re wearing through in so many places. This may be the last summer you’ll be able to wear them. Sliding your legs into them this morning, you didn’t bother with underwear.

The beach is a long ribbon of smooth white sand that seems to go on forever, waves rolling in on one side and row after row of gorgeous houses on the other. Sometimes you hold hands with your shoulders brushing together. Sometimes you run through the surf, chasing waves down to the sea and then scampering away, laughing, as they come charging back. Her hair flows loose around her shoulders and her breasts have their own liquid motion under that scarf, bobbing and bouncing as she runs and jumps and skips. Your whole body feels electric and alive with erotic energy. You stop and kiss sometimes, and the skin down your whole length tingles with pleasure where her body presses against yours. The palms of your hands caress her bare back. You cup her buttocks in both hands, letting her feel the swell of your penis against her belly.

Tongues taste each other, caressing, thrusting into one another’s mouths.

But you can’t do more than that out here. The beach may not be crowded, but you’re not alone. There are always other people about, nearby or in the distance, and the shore is lined with row after row of beach houses. They are the summer homes of wealthy people, with picture windows and patios and balconies all facing the sea. So you walk on, your arm around her naked shoulders now, a bulge showing in the front of your jeans.

A long walk. You’ve been wandering for an hour or more when, holding your hand, she pulls you to a stop. She looks all around. Looks up at the houses with their commanding view of the ocean. Looks down the length of the beach in each direction. Then looks up at you, suddenly shy, almost sheepish in her expression.

“I have to pee,” she says.

Your heart goes thump as you realize how very awkward this is.

You say, “Um...”

“Yeah,” she says, “there’s not really any place here I can go.” She tugs on your hand again. “Come on, let’s head back.” As you turn back the way you came, she says, “I’m sorry.”

“No no no, that’s OK,” you say. Your heart is in your throat. Your penis presses insistently against your fly. You think about how long of a walk it is to get back and you wonder, what’s going to happen?

“It’s my own fault,” she says. “I drank, like, three cups of coffee at breakfast. Plus all that water.”

“Hey,” you say, “it’s fine.” You put your arm around her shoulder again, pulling her body (so nearly naked) close against you as you walk. “No need to apologize.”

Seriously. Apologize? This is about the only thing she could have done today to make herself even sexier.

You walk for some time without incident, though you notice she’s keeping more to the dry sand, even though it makes the walking harder work. And she’s less playful now. No running into the surf. She stops only once, just long enough to pick up a sea shell and slip it into the pocket of your jeans, but otherwise you keep up a steady pace.

Conversation still bounces along. You talk about this and that—favorite foods, favorite books, plans for the rest of the vacation—and you start to think her situation can’t be all that dire after all. Just head back to the car, drive into town, find a restaurant and make a stop at the ladies’ room before ordering lunch. That’s all. But then about half way back she stops, crosses her legs, flexes her knees and bends forward.

“Oh my God!” she says. “My bladder is about to explode!”

This time it’s you that’s looking all around, looking for any place she might be able to hide. Is there anything? You scan for a spot with just enough privacy for her to hunker down. Secretly pull down her pants. Find a little relief. But this public beach is very, very public—wide and flat and open to the sea, the sky, and there are eyes in all directions.

She’s walking again, and now she’s back on the firmer wet sand, walking a little faster. Another ten minutes and she stops once more. Holding onto you for balance, she stands on one leg grinding her thighs together. She hops to the other foot. Is she trying not to be too obvious? If so, she’s failing. Barely more than a whisper, she says, “I really really really have to piss. What am I going to do?”

You look around again, at the beach, at the houses with their back yards and their decks and all their windows. Open. Everything open, nowhere to go. This is agony—for you as much as for her. You’re hard—intensely aroused—but also feeling incredibly protective. You hate the thought of her being embarrassed, humiliated, if she wets herself. Your heart is caught in the crossfire between sympathy and lust. You look out at the water. “Go in the ocean,” you tell her. “Just wade out into the water.”

Another wave crashes as you say it. The breakers are four feet high, churning up white froth as they reach the shore and then sending sheets of cool water to race ankle deep up the flat beach.

She shakes her head. “I’ll ruin the scarf if I get it wet.” She takes a deep breath, sets her jaw with a look of determination. “I’ll just have to last.”

As you continue walking, she’s visibly uncomfortable. Conversation has gone silent. Your penis is throbbing. The tops of your thighs are wet with pre-cum. You hold her hand.

A bit later you come to the jetty, a wall of massive square stones jutting out thirty or forty yards into the sea. You remember passing it on your way out, early in your walk. The car is probably only another fifteen minutes away. Maybe she’ll make it.

Of course...making it back to the car doesn’t necessarily mean ‘making it’ in any practical sense. It’s not like there are bathrooms at the parking lot. And by now she’s walking funny, she has to go so bad. She wriggles a little with each mincing step, almost serpentine in her movements.

She pulls you close again to tell you, “I’m going to climb out onto the wall. I can scoot down between some of the big rocks.” And then she hops and skips, does a little dance. She flaps her hands. Stops to rub her thighs. Marches on. As you scurry to keep up, she mutters, “God, I hope I make it.”

The wall reaches from the sea right up the beach. On this side of the wall the stones are closely fitted, presenting a smooth face, but when you climbed over it on the way out, you saw the far side was more tumbled down. You picture her climbing out over those huge stone blocks, barefoot, ready to burst, dividing her attention between not slipping and not wetting herself. You imagine her coming to a gap where waves have battered the wall apart, granite blocks slumping to leave gaps and nooks and crannies. You see her hunkering down, wriggling her bottom as far as she can into a crevice and slipping her shorts down just far enough. Or will she just grab the crotch and pull it aside? You wonder, will her piss arc out into the water? Or flow down the front of the boulder in a dark stream? Or trickle down backwards into one of the shadowed gaps, hairy with seaweed, where the sea wriggles in to lick from underneath?

And, more to the point, will she want you to hang back and give her space, or follow her to provide some additional cover and maybe some plausible deniability? You try to swallow, but your mouth is dry.

She picks up the pace as you near the wall. She’s not quite running, but you have to work to keep up as she marches step-step-step. This high up the beach, the wall comes only up to her waist. She finds a toe hold, gets one knee up on top, and of course the whole time you’re staring at her bottom. So round, so cute, with her butt cheeks not quite covered by those oh-so-short shorts. Your eyes trace the seam between her legs, looking for a telltale wet spot. Nothing shows yet. Then comes a moment when she’s on hands and knees and that scarf she’s wearing hangs forward, away from her body, and her breasts are simply bare, loose and naked, hanging free and exposed in the open air.

She gets to her feet as you clamber up to join her. Your penis has found a new position in your jeans, the bulge still very obvious. You stand next to her, your bodies touching side-to-side as she looks out along the length of the wall...and cries out, “No no no no noooooo!” Down there among the boulders, nestled in the spaces that she thought would hide her, three or four people sit with fishing poles dangled over the water. One raises his pole, arcs it back, casts. Another tugs on his line, teasing the fish with his bait.

She takes hold of your elbow, holding onto you now with a white-knuckled grip. She makes a high pitched keen of anguish and frustration. Through gritted teeth she says, “I can’t...I can’t...I have to piss!”

And you are so aroused that your whole body is shaking. Your cock is so hard it almost hurts.

She lets go of you to climb down off the wall, careful not to land with too much of a jolt, and then she’s off walking again. You catch up and she takes your hand.

Is there anything you can do to help? Anything? “Let me give you my shirt,” you say. “Then you can pee in the ocean.”

She stops and crosses her legs, bouncing up and down where she stands, and looks critically at your outfit. “It wouldn’t cover me,” she says. She runs her finger down the edge of an arm hole, flapping open all the way to your hip. True, on her it would billow around her breasts, hiding nothing unless she gathered it in both hands to hold it closed around her. “And once it gets wet, it’ll go transparent.” Also true. It’s pale gray and worn tissue-thin. “I’d by pretty much naked in that.”

It seems to you that wearing nothing but that scarf, she’s pretty much naked already.

“It’s a last resort,” she says, walking on. “If I...” She takes a breath through gritted teeth before finishing the thought. “If I pee in my pants, then.. .you know... To rinse off.”

She holds your hand again. She’s hopping a little with each step now. No mistaking how bad she has to piss—not to you, not to anyone on the beach who sees her. And your erection is just as obvious.

“Oh God," she says. “I’m really sorry. This is so ridiculous.’’

“No no no,” you say. “Really. Don’t apologize.”

“But it’s my own fault.”

“It’s not anybody’s ‘fault.’ And I don’t mind.”

She stops to stand on one leg again, crossing her thighs and holding onto you for balance. Then with feet on the ground she bends forward, hands between her legs. She doesn’t grip her crotch—she’s won’t be quite that blatant—but she presses her hands hard against her inner thighs. She looks up at you with a grin of embarrassment. “I’m gonna have to change my underwear later.” She swears quietly. When she straightens up again, you touch her —a comforting hand laid between her shoulder blades. She turns and leans into you and you take her in your arms. And for the first time since you turned back, she notices your hard-on, pressed now against her belly. She slides a hand over your fly, giving your penis a quick squeeze through the denim. She looks up at you, into your eyes, and with sudden realization asks, “Are you...? You’re not actually turned on by this, are you?”

You scrunch your face in embarrassment.

“Yeah”

“Oh.” You can see the wheels of her mind turning as she processes this. “Weird. OK.” She takes your hand and pulls you after her, hopping and dancing. “We should talk about this. But... later. Right now I just really need to piss.”

The parking lot is only a few hundred yards away now. She’s grimacing, holding your hand tighter than is comfortable. “I hope there’s nobody around when we get there,” she says.

So driving into town isn’t an option? No surprise. You wonder exactly what she’s planning. Opening the car door, you guess. Maybe both doors, screening herself from two sides. And then sitting on the running board? Or maybe squatting over the pavement? Pissing right there, one way or another.

You should give her space when she does. Not be pushy. There’s waaayyy too much going on right now between you. You’ve just admitted to your kink and you really hope she’s going to be OK with it, but pushing her boundaries when she’s this embarrassed and vulnerable could freak her out. So you hold her hand, and you cherish the feeling of her body next to yours. But you’re not going to ask to watch.

Now, up ahead, you can see flagpole behind the embankment, the one that you know is by the information board in the parking lot. And there are the wooden steps leading up to it. With luck, it will be deserted.

Only...

“No no nooo!” There’s a whole group of people coming from the other direction, one carrying a cooler, another with a blanket under her arm. You’re still a hundred feet away from the steps as they reach them and make their way single file up to the parking lot. “Damn it! What am I going to doooo?” She looks almost ready to cry, she’s so frustrated. “I can’t... I can’t hold it.”

Your heart is stretched and pulled back and forth like taffy. You’re shaking with arousal.

Helpless. Head over heels in love. Caught like a fly on flypaper. Your mind is racing. Anything that might help...

Actually...

“I have another shirt in the car,” you tell her. “In the back, in with all the other crap, there’s a tee shirt.”

She looks at you. Her eyes are wide, a deer caught in the headlights, unable to process what you’re saying.

“It’s big even on me,” you tell her. “It’ll hang down half way to your knees. Put it on and take off your shorts and you can pee under it. By the car, or down here on the beach if that’s better.”

Without a word, she charges ahead with a new burst of speed. She’s power walking, careful not to jostle her bladder, but even with your longer legs you have to trot to keep up. Following her up the steps, it looks like she’s gripping her crotch. Just reaching down, grabbing her cunt and squeezing, not caring if anyone sees.

Top of the stairs now, edge of the parking lot. She runs over to your car.

She stands there, dancing in place.

The other group is fifty feet away, loading their stuff into their trunk, oblivious.

She’s hopping up and down.

Lifting one knee, then the other.

You run up behind her, key in hand. Slide it in. Turn it in the lock. Open the...

And suddenly she stops moving. You look down, and you see.

There’s a river flowing down her legs. Glistening sheets of golden water sliding down her inner thighs and falling freely once it’s past her knees, a waterfall splashing at her feet.

A pool forming, spreading. The musical sound of water tinkling into the puddle.

Her head hangs forward, her face hidden behind a curtain of hair.

And at her crotch, a dark wet spot, spreading wider as pee wicks into the fabric.

She just stands there, and you stand next to her, watching, riveted. Too late to look away. Her body relaxes. You can see it in her shoulders— she’s just letting it go now. The flow is powerful, steady, and strong. A minute passes, maybe more, until finally it begins to subside. No more splashing now, but is she still peeing? Maybe.

Dark stain at her crotch. Very dark. Very obvious. No mistaking what it came from.

She sighs. Shakes her head and looks up at you. “Well,” she says. “Damn.” She looks down to inspect the damage. Turns away to present her butt to you for inspection. “Does it show as bad in back as it does in front?” she asks.

“Yeah,” you say. “It’s...yeah. So, you want that tee shirt now?”

She nods. “I’m gonna need to rinse off, though. This...” She tugs at the hem of her shorts, pulling the fabric away from her skin and letting it snap back. Her inner thighs gleam with wetness. “This won’t do.”

You open the car. Leaning in, you start digging through the stuff piled up in the back seat until you find the shirt.

She pulls it over her head. With her arms still inside, she reaches pulls the scarf around so the knot is in front, then unties it. She hands it to you under the hem of the tee shirt, then pulls her arms up and out through the arm holes. It’s big on her, not down to her knees but long enough to hide what has happened.

She’s quiet as you walk back down to the beach. Breakers are still rolling in, sending sheets of water racing up the beach. You wade out until the waves are crashing over your ankles and shins. She looks along the beach in both directions. There are people in the distance, but no one very close. She gathers up the hem of the shirt, showing her belly but keeping her breasts covered. She drops to her knees as another wave comes rushing in. It swirls around her legs, and the V of her thighs funnels the shallow water to make a breaking wave in her crotch. She sits like that for two or three more waves, using one hand to splash water over her legs while the other one holds the tee shirt out of the way.

You’re standing close enough that she can reach out to you. She hooks a hand behind your knee and tugs, and you step close enough for her to lean against you. She rests her head against your hip. The bulge in your jeans is unmistakable.

You’re actually wishing it would go away.

She stands, the shirt still gathered over her breasts, and looks around again, an impish grin on her face. The only people nearby are an elderly couple walking hand in hand, but their backs are to you. She unfurls the shirt, letting it fall like a curtain around her, but as she does so, she hooks her thumbs under her waistband and lets her shorts and thong fall to her knees, then her ankles. There’s the merest split second of bare bottom. The tee shirt hangs like a dress, but short and loose and she is naked naked naked under there.

Is she going to spend the rest of the day like that? Probably. You imagine poking through shops, stopping for lunch. A sign yesterday said “NO SHIRT, NO SHOES, NO SERVICE.” It didn’t say anything about “NO PANTS.”

And you are painfully hard. Are you going to spend the rest of the day like that?

She bends forward to scoop up her discarded clothes, rinsing them in the next wave and then standing to wring them out. She slides the thong into your hip pocket. The shorts are too bulky for that, but she tucks a corner down into your waistband, letting them hang from your hip like a banner.

You wish you could unzip, give your cock some breathing room. It’s tight. It’s cramped. It’s leaving a wet smear across the inside of your jeans. She takes your hand and, shoulders bumping against one another, you walk back to the car.

In the driver’s seat, the car pings at you as you insert the key in the ignition. You turn to reach for the seatbelt, but she stops you with a hand on your elbow. You pull the key halfway out to stop the pinging.

She’s looking at you with an expression of puzzlement. “So...” she says, “Was that, like, an incredible turn on for you?”

Unable to come up with words, you nod.

“Me having to pee?"

You nod again. Hands on the wheel, drumming on it with your thumbs.

“Me wetting my pants?"

You’re staring at the dashboard. Mortified.

“Yup."

“Huh.” She lays a hand on your thigh. “I don’t get it,” she says. “Why?”

You shrug. Shake your head. “I have no idea.”

“OK,” she says. She moves her hand over your fly, cupping your swollen cock. “I don’t get it,” she says, “but I don’t mind.”

She rolls toward you to kiss you. And you kiss back. Oh man, do you kiss back. Tongue thrusting into her mouth, one hand sliding over her hip and bare buttock while the other, pinned underneath you, gropes toward her breast. You can just reach her with the tips of your fingers, stroking them over her nipple through the fabric.

She reaches over you, past you, and you wonder what she is doing until suddenly your seat tips back, almost horizontal. More kisses. Her hands slide over your chest, your over her back and her bottom. Then she rears up for a moment, looks out the windows. You crane your neck to see what she’s looking at. There are other cars, but the group that was loading up before has left. Just at the moment, you have the parking lot to yourselves.

She unzips your fly, and at last you can stand up straight. She curls her body around to kiss your penis, take it in her mouth, run her tongue up the length of the shaft and then around the crest of the glans. And then she leaves it, reaching past you again, over your shoulder to drag her little shoulder bag out from the back seat. Unzips it, pulls out a little packet, and rips that open with her teeth.

She kisses you again, licking the precum off the tip of your penis, and then unrolls the condom onto you, caressing your cock along its entire length.

And then she’s on top of you, climbing awkwardly around the steering wheel to straddle you. You reach a hand up between her legs, feel her wet and slippery. Slide your fingers along her slit. She gasps as your thumb finds her opening, slips inside. She pumps her hips, grinding against your hand until her breath is coming fast and ragged, and then you take your shaft in hand, maneuver tip to opening...and then it is you gasping as she takes you inside. You arch your back, drilling inside her as she rocks her hips. Her breath comes faster and faster and then she’s crying out, her hands digging into your shoulders, and you feel your own orgasm swelling behind your balls, expanding out, and exploding into her. She collapses down onto you, shuddering and then limp, spent by her own orgasm, and you clutch her, pulling her down even tighter against you, breathless, gasping for breath. Exhausted.

“Wow,” you say.

“Yeah,” she says. “Wow.” She raises her head to look outside again, suddenly concerned, but the parking lot is still deserted. Empty cars, blue sky, bright sun, and a few puffy clouds in the distance.

Quite a spectacle if there were anyone out there. She’s lying on top of you, her bare feet sticking up over the dashboard. Her bottom is below the level of the windows but it’s uncovered, the tee shirt rucked up around her waist. You give her buttocks a gentle squeeze. She begins to lift herself off of you, and you reach under to grasp the end of the condom, holding it in place until you’re disengaged. She tried to sit up, but of course the roof of the car is much too low for that. Instead, she rolls off of you, slumping back into her own seat. You tie off the condom, drop it—for the moment—into the cup holder, and she leans against you again, rests her head against your chest, playing idly with your softening but still swollen penis, wet with cum. You run your fingers through her hair.

She sits up. Looks outside. Looks at you. “Guess what?” she says.

“What?”

“You’re not gonna believe this.”

“What is it?”

“I have to pee again.”
