Mandy

Author: Watcher, December 1996

I met Mandy soon after she started working as a graduate student. I remember very vividly the first time I saw her; she was walking down the hall carrying a cage full of mice. We smiled at each other and I was intrigued. She had blond hair with a tint of red, and was wearing a pair of khaki colored jeans. I made up my mind that she was someone I would like to meet again.

My chance came a few days later when I was taking some videos of our lab. I walked down the stairs to the floor below and into the lab she was working in. She recognized me immediately and asked me about the video camera. Of course I obliged and took some shots of her, I suggested she come across the building to the audio-visual centre, and I could show her the tape. She was impressed, and suggested I might want to take some shots of the Frisbee team she was playing with that afternoon.

After the game, I gave her a ride to her home - she was still living with her parents. She invited me in to show the tape on their TV. I did so, and really enjoyed watching her - she appeared to appreciate my attentive eyes. Nothing much was said though, as her parents were present.

A few days later she called me up. "Could I borrow your video camera for a few days?"

I hesitated, and before I said anything she continued shyly: "I'd do ANYTHING for it!

"Anything?" I queried.

"Yes"

"OK" I said, "How about starting by meeting me for supper sometime during the weekend?"

"That's fine" she replied.

During the meal, we chatted casually. I was feeling quite nervous - after all, Mandy was extremely attractive.

"About the video camera" I said slowly "It is a very expensive piece of equipment."

"Yes, I know" she replied, "But I'd take good care of it."

We held each others gaze for a while, then she blushed and looked down at her hands. "I'd like to make it worth your while" she said, glancing up at me with a shy, almost embarrassed look.

"What would you suggest?" I asked quietly.

Mandy flushed an even deeper red, as I looked at her "W-what ever you would like," she whispered.

I took both her hands in mine and held them. "I wouldn't want you to feel you had to do anything you wouldn't also enjoy" I said.

She squeezed my hand and swallowed "Don't worry about that - I really like you!"

"Well" I told her - "You can have the camera for a few days without any obligation to do anything in return, but I would really like to kiss you!"

Her face lit up "Oh," she said, "That's fine!"

When I drove her back to her house she told me her parents were away for the weekend. "Would you like to come in for a while?" she asked.

When we were inside, we went down to the basement. I took her in my arms and held her for a minute or so, feeling incredibly turned on by being so close to her. We started kissing. She was fantastic. In a moment we were lying on the chesterfield in each other's arms.

"Mandy" I whispered "I was afraid that if I told you about one of my fantasies, you might have been scared off - there is something I would give anything to see you do!"

"Oh really?" she queried "I'd give anything to borrow your camcorder - maybe we have a deal."

"It's a little bit weird," I answered slowly,

"Don't worry" she whispered back, "I'm sure it can't be that weird."

"Shall I tell you straight, or do you want to try and guess?"

I tickled her and she squirmed and giggled. "Better tell me" she gasped "I could be guessing all night!"

"Are you sure you won't be embarrassed" I pleaded. Then I kissed her for a long time.

"Please, please tell me" she pleaded, panting for air after we stopped for a while.

"OK" I said "You know that wet T-shirts are a tremendous turn on?"

Mandy nodded slowly. "I promise I'll wear a wet T-shirt for you," she paused and added giggled "Anything else?"

"Yes, would you wear wet panties for me?"

"Sure."

"Mandy" I whispered as I held her tightly "Would you do something incredibly sexy for me?"

"Like what" she whispered back, licking my lips between the words.

"Would you wet your panties for me?"

"I don't think I could" she whispered "I can hardly let go if there is anyone else in the washroom - it would be really difficult to wet myself if you were watching!"

"I understand" I said, "is it just that you'd be shy - and not because it would turn you off?"

"Oh no" she laughed - "It wouldn't turn me off, and I wouldn't be shy about it - provided we were alone. I just think I would have a problem relaxing!"

"You'd have to be really desperate" I said, "if you had drunk about 6 glasses of water had a couple of beers, you soon would have no choice!"

"Actually" Mandy said, "I haven't gone to the washroom since we had our meal, and I was about to excuse myself but was waiting a while longer - it makes me feel a little sexier when my bladder is full. Maybe I'll make some tea and drink a few cups right now! Do you want me to take my jeans off so's you can see my panties?"

"Do you have a miniskirt, and a short sleeved T-shirt you could wear? And" I added "take of your shoes and socks and go barefoot!"

"I guess so" she giggled again "Just a moment and I'll change - put the kettle on, would you?"

When she came downstairs a couple of minutes later, she was wearing a blue denim mini, and a white short-sleeved T-shirt. She really looked extraordinarily sexy, especially the way she stood, with her legs crossed and slightly bent at the knees.

"A couple of years ago" she said "I was dating a guy who I was really attracted to. I used to delay going to the washroom when I was out with him, because it used to make me feel so 'naughty', I remember one time I didn't go all evening. By the time he drove me home, I was beginning to think I had miscalculated my ability to hold on. As we drove along I started to squirm around a little. He asked me if I was OK, and I told him of my need. I couldn't help noticing that he kept glancing down at my jeans as we drove along. When we got out of the car, I was really uncomfortable as we walked up the driveway. I guess he could see from the way I walked that I was in dire straights. He took me in my arms, and I felt so aroused that I almost lost control. I told him I was desperate to use the washroom and he let me go. I just about made it!"

"You sure left a guy really aroused that evening" I said. "Seeing you squirm around in desperation was probably the sexiest thing he could imagine!"

Mandy made the tea and started to drink cup after cup. After five cups she gulped and said her stomach was full!

I put my arm around her from behind and whispered "Are you getting desperate yet?"

"Do you want to watch me 'squirm' around" she said, "or do you want to hold me? I'm fast approaching the point of losing control."

"Oh" I said, 'let me watch you until you let go and then I'll hold you."

"I'll try and hold on as long as possible" she said.

Mandy stood on the tiled kitchen floor, legs tightly squeezed together. She bent her knees and leant forwards, clutching herself. She was obviously having to exert quite an effort to stop herself from wetting her pants.

After a couple of minutes Mandy started to hop up and down. "I can't hold on much longer," she said, "I'm desperate!"

She bent forwards and pressed her hand hard against her crotch, moaning softly as she did so. She looked up at me anxiously "I'm starting to wet my pants" she blurted out.

"Try and let go just a little, then stop" I urged.

Mandy nodded. In a moment or so a dark stain began to spread out from under her hands. She bent forward and made a tremendous effort to stop by squirming around and clutching herself tightly, while making little groaning noises. When she gained control, she looked at me and started to blush. The wetness extended down from her crotch about 5 inches and was about 3 inches across. Definitely enough to show she really had wet her panties a little! She stood there, but still had to jiggle up and down to hold on, squeezing her legs together and rubbing them against each other as she stood first on one foot and then on the other.

After a minute or so she pressed her hands against the fronts of her thighs. Even as she struggled frantically, she began to loose control and started to wet her pants again. The wet patch quickly glistened as she wet through her pants into her denim skirt, and then began to seep slowly downwards. She kept her legs tightly squeezed together, and just before the wetness reached the end of her mini, I saw a little dribble trickle down just inside her left knee and down her leg. In a few moments another trickle began to flow down her right leg. She stood up straight, and still clutching herself spread her legs so they were barely touching.

Mandy was still in control - at least she was able to wet herself slowly. "My pants are soaked through." she giggled, "And so is my mini-skirt! I can't hold on any longer - please hold me!" she begged.

"Let go completely then" I urged, moving towards her.

Mandy relaxed completely, and the little trickles became a flood as she let go. She held out her arms to me, blushing hard. The front of her mini-skirt was glistening where she had tucked it between her thighs, and her legs were completely soaked as she wet herself completely, the flood ran down her ankles and off her feet making an ever widening pool as she stood there wetting herself.

She put her arms around me and held me close, resting her head on my shoulder. I placed one hand under her thighs. She arched her back slightly and bent her legs forwards, I felt the warm flow running down the back of her legs as she continued to wet herself. I pressed my other hand against her crotch, and felt the warm flow continue to gush out into her already soaking panties.

