Chapter #14

Author: Wendy (1998-11-09 at 18:18)

It was just over a month since those three days that changed my life forever. Although we had met almost daily at school and had chatted each evening over the telly, Vanessa and I had not been able to be alone, since that last Sunday together. Finally an opportunity arose with the advent of our school's annual open house. Classes were suspended for the day. Vanessa and I had both volunteered as guides, as we could earn extra credits, which we both needed. It was a Thursday and we were scheduled for the morning shift, which gave us lunch and the afternoon together. All week I was nervous, anticipating the chance to be alone with my new lover again. Then, the night before, it happened. Bill called! It was a total thunderclap out of the blue. I finally resigned myself to the idea that he had just been another asshole guy who had had his fun and forgotten all about me. But he was a complete gentleman on the phone. 

He explained about his busy schedule at university. He also told me that he had been terribly distracted from his studies with thoughts of me! He'd finally had to call to find out if there was any real chance that we could form a relationship. He told me that he really wanted to see me again. My heart was jammed up into my throat. I was barely able to respond to him in more than single syllables. Of course, I'd see him again! We talked for over an hour; and some of it was pretty steamy. When we finally broke the connection, I was in a fog of emotional confusion. I wanted, more than anything I had ever wanted in my life, to be with Bill and for us to get to know one another. But, I also was very much attached to Vanessa and did not want to lose her. I spent several sleepless hours that night. I was unable to rest until I resolved to tell her about Bill's call and just how I felt about them both. Suddenly I was not looking forward to the morrow.

I saw her briefly in the auditorium, where the guides met to get their assignments. My nervous smile must have given away my emotional turmoil. She leaned over and whispered, “what's the matter?” I told her I couldn't talk about it there, that we'd talk during lunch. By lunchtime I was a total wreck! I barely ate and Vanessa kept asking what was wrong. Finally we left the cafeteria and walked to the edge of the athletic field to get away from the crowds. I was almost in tears, for fear of destroying our relationship. But I managed to tell her about Bill's call. When I finished I felt drained, almost numb. Vanessa seemed a little stunned. She was so quiet for so long, that I began to think that I should just walk away. Then she told me that she was very happy that Bill had finally called. And that, if it would help, she would consider what we had done to be a stupid fling. I said, “no,” a little too loudly. 

Then in a quieter tone I said that I could not bear to loose her friendship. She said that we could still be friends. I explained that it had gone way beyond that for me, that I still wanted her as a lover and that was where I was scared! Then the tears came out full force. I didn't really care who saw or heard. Vanessa put her arms around me and held me until I was able to talk again. I pulled back enough to see her face and, between sobs, asked her if she could handle the idea of my wanting to have them both as lovers? It probably sounded as if I were begging; and perhaps I was. She was quiet again and I was biting my lower lip, more frightened than ever. I had finally laid it all out there and; if she rejected it, I was not sure what I would do. She pulled me gently back to her. I could feel my cheek burning into hers. She began rocking me, the way a mother rocks a frightened child. I guess it relaxed my some. I finally whispered quietly to her, pleading.

I really wanted this, needed it. Please, could she find it in her heart to accept me and know that I cared for her, wanted her, needed her? But, could she do that, knowing that I had to pursue my thing with Bill; that he was equally as important to me? When Vanessa spoke it was in a suprisingly strong and sure voice. She assured me that we could remain friends…and lovers. She went on to say that she was sure of it, just as long as it did not interfere with what Bill and I seemed to be growing between us; that she wouldn't have it any other way. I wasn't sure that I understood.

She explained that I should not look at a relationship with Bill as being equal to what she and I had. If it got really serious with him, it had to be the most important thing for me, that what we she and I had really was just a fling, compared to where Bill and I might go. I slumped in her grasp and she kissed me on the cheek. I mumbled just how scared I'd been. She snorted and said, “Just make sure I get an invitation to your wedding.” I pulled back away from her with shock on my face. Then we both burst out laughing. “God, how I love you,” I said, without really thinking. Vanessa looked at me a long moment, then replied, “it's a good thing, because that's how I feel about you, too”.

After a moment we turned to head toward the parking lot and Vanessa's car. That direction took us past the screened door to the boy's locker room. People of both sexes were going in and out. I looked at Vanessa and raised an eyebrow. I said, “it is open house, isn't it? Have you ever seen the boy's locker room? I haven't.” So we went in. We were disappointed at once. It was just like the girl's locked room, only larger and smellier. But we followed the group that formed and listened to the jock that was the guide. When he walked us by the showers, we noticed a difference. There was a small tile partition that separated three urinals from the showerheads. (I mean that they were like in the same room with only that tiny thing in between!)

I whispered to Vanessa, “do they really just walk up there and pee while other guys are showering?” She whispered back, “I guess. It's probably so they won't pee on each other in the shower”.

I laughed out loud, still staring at them, and it caught the attention of the jock/guide. He looked where we were staring, and of course, so did everyone else. He attempted to explain but only managed to stammer something about the distance to the restroom. He turned crimson and led us away from the showers toward the gymnasium. As the crown left the locker room, Vanessa pulled me back and whispered that she'd never seen one of those before, but she knew what it was for as soon as she laid eyes on it.

Then she said that she wished she could be a fly on the wall in there during gym class. I giggled at the picture. Then I suggested that she try to use one of them. She looked shocked, then giggled, too. Then she stepped back and took another look at them. I could see that she was sizing up the possibility. “How,” she asked? “Well, standing I guess,” I replied. “Girls can't do that,” she said! 'Oh yes we can.” I answered. Just then another group entered on tour. We looked at one another, blushing at our thoughts, and turned for the gymnasium and the exit.

As we walked to Vanessa's car I asked if there was anyone at her home. She looked at me knowingly and said that we'd have the house to ourselves until at least 6:30PM. I blushed a little and said that I hoped she was horny, because I sure was. She said that if I were to tell her the steamy part of my phone conversation with Bill (that I had only alluded to), it would help her randiness quotient considerably. My blush darkened a degree or two, but I told her, “OK”. Once we were under way, I began.

“It really wasn't so hot as I hinted, but here goes.” We had talked about some of the stuff we had done, the night we had met. Bill had mentioned the panties that I had left with him. He said that they had really been a super turn-on, that he kept them under his pillow. Not really knowing guys all that well, I asked what he did with them. I could almost feel him redden as he answered. He said that he mostly just held them up and looked at them, remembering how I'd wet in them and how he had rubbed me through them until I came. (I could see, at this point that Vanessa liked what she was hearing. Her complexion was altogether warmer and she had a rapt smile about her.)

He also admitted that he sometimes held them up to his face and breathed in the scent that was still in them. I had told him that I was blushing (which I was) and that he was making me hot with how was talking. Then Bill told me that he had kind of messed them up. I asked how and he kind of sidestepped with his answer. He told me that he would launder them before he gave them back. I asked why and told him that I could do that. He said that it would be better if he did. Well, he had me really curious by then and I was not going to let him off the hook. I insisted that he tell me what had happened. (I paused here for a moment, until Vanessa said, “well…what did he say?”)

He told me that he had such a strong image of having stroked his penis over my pussy and exploding his cum all over me, that he just had to have something of that feeling again as he masturbated one night. So he had wrapped the inside of the crotch of my panties around his erection and used it to get off. He said that it was the closest he could get to the real thing (me), and it really drove him crazy. Unfortunately, he had cum in my panties and really soaked them with his semen. (Vanessa said, quietly, “wow!”) I made Bill promise not to wash my panties. I told him that I wanted them back with his stains in them. (Vanessa repeated her previous statement. “Wow!”)

I told her that was pretty much the extent of it. She said that it was enough. She'd seen him cum once and could picture what he'd done in my panties. She made me promise that I would let her see them, when I got them back. We were only about a mile from her home by then. She glanced at the instrument panel and said that we had to stop for fuel at a station a few blocks from home. It would only be a couple of additional minutes before we could… “Well, you know.” We pulled into a BP station and, while Vanessa fueled the car, I wandered around, too excited to sit still. Along one side of the station were the restrooms and, as I walked past, a man stepped out of the men's room. (By now the reader knows me and my naughty mind. I had immediately looked him over, saw that he was not too old and not bad looking. I wished I'd been able to watch him in there. Shame on me!)

The upshot of it all was that, as I glanced at him, I noticed that the door to the men's room had not shut far enough to latch. I waited until he had gone around the corner and strolled over to the door. I listened. Hearing nothing I tapped on the door. No response. So I pushed it in slightly, just enough for a peek. I could see a sink and a urinal and a stall. It was otherwise unoccupied. I had a sudden and very naughty inspiration. I slowly let the door back and made sure that it did not latch. Then I walked back to the corner of the building to where I could see Vanessa and still keep an eye on the door. I called her name and got her to come over. Without telling her why, I asked her to bring the car around to this side of the building after she paid for the fuel. She started to argue and I put a finger to her lips. “Just do it…don't ask…OK?” In a couple of moments she was parked next to the restrooms.

I motioned for Vanessa to get out of the car and come over. I was leaning casually against the men's room door and as she approached I leaned back. The door slowly opened. She looked at the plaque on the door and saw the “Men's” sign; but, before she could say a word, I had her hand and pulled her in after me. I pushed the door all the way shut and locked it. Vanessa whispered urgently, “what are you doing?” I said that we were safe, the door was locked. She started to argue again and, again I put a finger to her lips. I pointed to the urinal and said here was her chance. She stared a moment, then shook her head and started for the door. I jumped into her path and smiled wickedly. “Come on. You said you wanted to try it…So do I”.

“I can't,” she protested! I asked what she meant. Did she mean that she couldn't pee. No! She just couldn't do it here. So I offered to go first. (I was really turned on by now and really wanted us to do this.)

I stepped over to the urinal, undoing my jeans as I went. Then I tried to figure just how to aim at the thing. Despite her misgivings, Vanessa came over and got into a position where she could watch. I pushed my pants and panties clear down to my ankles and spread my knees out far enough to allow me to waddle up as close as possible to the thing as I could, without actually touching it. (Now I've peed standing up lots and even have learned how to get some respectable distance, by using my hands to adjust my pussy and urethra to the proper attitude. So I tried to do it the same way. I relaxed and gave it permission to start. Then, just like the proverbial basketball player, I started dribbling…right onto the clothes between my feet. I stopped, and attempted to start again with more force. I only dribbled a greater volume. My panties and pants were getting soaked!

“Shit,” I whispered, “this is harder than I thought!” Then I thought, 'fuck it, my things are already wet.' And I just cut loose. It worked! My stream shot out and straight into that urinal. It splashed against the porcelain with a satisfying sound and I was proud of myself. Ieven moved my hips around to make it hit all over the inside of the thing. Out the corner of my eye I could see that Vanessa was in awe of it all. When I was done, I pulled my panties and pants back up and looked pointedly at Vanessa.

She started to back away. I said, “your turn.” She looked at the wet spots in my jeans and shook her head again. I told her I had a solution for that problem. I didn't ask. I just took hold of her waistband and undid her pants. I pulled them fully down and then said, “now step out of them and they won't be in the line of fire. She smiled, weakly, but complied. I opened the door to the toilet stall and found a hook there. I hung her pants and panties on it. With her legs free Vanessa could walk right up to that urinal, just like a man. She moved in, then froze in confusion.

“What now,” she whispered frantically? “Well, kinda lean back, and pee.” So she leaned back, with hands on her hips and commenced to spraying all over the place, soaking the urinal inside and out (mostly out)! We both broke out in laughter and she stopped. I said, “well…how about Plan B.?” She looked blank. I said to do it like I did, and tried to explain my technique. When she figured she had it, she assumed the position and started to spray all over the place, again! This time she soaked not only the outside of the urinal, but the wall and the screen that separated it from the sink.

She also managed, somehow, to hit the toilet stall! She stopped in shock. She looked down past the liberal number of drops on her inner thighs to the gathering puddle on the floor and said, with the seriousness of an undertaker, “this isn't working.” We burst out laughing again, so loudly that I feared someone outside might get the idea that something odd just might be happening in the men's room. I told her to hold it and got around behind her. She said, “you may not be safe there, either!” And we laughed again. I told her that I'd do the aiming her. And I reached around with both hands and parted her pussy lips, pulling back and upwards.

“OK” I said. And she began spraying again! She said, “I give up,”! Then she just let it go. Her pee sprayed just about everywhere but directly into that urinal. And she had been right about not being secure, behind her. My knees were splattered by piss ricocheting off the partitions! It wasn't until she had finally relaxed enough to allow a full flow that she produced anything resembling a coherent stream. It actually started to go into the urinal… just before she petered out to a dribbling finish. By that time the place was a holy mess! There was hardly a surface that was not wet except for the wall directly opposite the urinal and, perhaps, the ceiling.

She backed away to survey her accomplishment and I retrieved her pants and panties from the toilet stall (probably the only way they managed to stay dry.) I used Vanessa's panties to dry off her legs (by then wet everywhere but directly behind her.) And, then helped her into her pants. I stuffed her panties into my pocket and unlocked the door. I peeked out to make sure the coast was clear and we crept out. We ran to the car giggling uncontrollably and drove to her home. There we made love as we never had before. Several times during the heat of passion, we'd remember that restroom and break into fits of laughter. It's a scene neither of us will ever forget.

