The Origins of Infinite Capacity-11

Author: Splashfics

11. Chandra's Thunder

Glorious Sunday morning sunshine warmed Chandra's face as she awoke in a peaceful state, atypical of someone who only eight hours earlier, had consumed the entire contents of a two-litre bottle of mineral water. On top of the additional two bottles she had dispatched the previous evening and every day since the Christmas holidays began, it was another step closer to the blissful release she so hotly desired. Her newly sprouted and now blossoming friendship with Jade had been an energising catalyst. Since their break had begun, the two girls had spent several more afternoons together, inspiring each other without even knowing it; Jade, driven to hold longer and harder in the face of constant defeat by a seemingly invincible Chandra... Chandra, driven to lust vicariously every time Jade's efforts would culminate in a body-shaking release, to which Chandra was always privy, via a bathroom door that Jade never seemed to want to close.

With her eyes closed and her body now caressed not only by the sun, Chandra pictured herself sitting there in Jade's place, losing herself in the simulated emotion and knowing that nothing Jade had experienced in her life could hold a candle to what she had in store tonight and a small tremor ran through her. 'It' was going to happen again... Joy and excitement mixed together in a sea of unrelenting nerves...

Some minutes later Chandra took a deep breath and slowly sat upright, grasping her duvet as a pacifier. Downstairs, she could hear Carmela moving about and it reminded her of the obstacle that remained ahead. Carmela had asked Chandra for her help preparing the house for the multitude of guests due to arrive from four and so she reluctantly relinquished her duvet to take, what was becoming a habitual frigid morning shower.

With the guests turning up in less than an hour and the sun having long dipped below the horizon, Chandra and her aunt were very pleased with the state of preparations. The house was tidy, the food was ready to be served at a moment's notice, the table was dressed beautifully and now all that was left was for Chandra herself to follow suit. As Carmela was already garbed in her finest of fineries, she finished off a few things while Chandra excused herself from the kitchen and went to change her clothes. Her nerves were starting to jangle and on her way through the door, quite audibly, she took an umpteenth steadying breath.

‘Are you alright, Sweetie?’

Carmela turned to look at her niece, interpreting from her body language that she may be anxious about the horde of new faces arriving imminently.

Chandra confirmed as much. She nodded, not prepared to reveal the whole truth. Carmela smiled.

‘I had a feeling you might. I wanted it to be a surprise, but it might cheer you up to know I spoke to Lin earlier. No need to worry about not knowing anybody tonight, Jade will be joining us too.’

The smile spread to Chandra's face and, feeling marginally less apprehensive, she made her way upstairs.

As she entered her bedroom, she realised the curtains she'd drawn this morning, were still open.

‘Oh gosh...’

The entire room was flooded with moonlight. Chandra was powerless to stop herself slipping into its compelling tide and she was carried towards the window beyond the bed. Without forewarning, the weight of seven seas descended onto her. She slammed her knees together and crumpled into a pile on the floor. It was an unmistakeable sensation... Chandra needed to pee, with the same sudden, extreme urgency she had encountered a month before, but this time her defences were ready. Like a trained vice, her sphincter squeezed down as hard as it could, entirely subduing the colossal urge.

Chandra rejoiced. Against all odds and medical testimony, the exercises had worked. While technically she could still feel that she needed to pee a great deal, she'd managed to gain sufficient control over her movements that she was able to stand up and take stock of the situation. Would there be time to go to the toilet before the guests arrived? Tapping her lamp on, she looked at the clock, the minute hand of which was steaming towards four pm at a march. As ridiculous as it was to consider ten minutes 'not nearly enough', Chandra knew she'd be running the risk of being stuck on the toilet when the guests showed up. She really didn't want to make that sort of first impression and was convinced she'd be better off somehow waiting until their attention could be directed at something other than her, so she could slip away discreetly and take care of her desperately aching bladder.

She decided to persevere with getting dressed and as she fastened the last button on her blouse, the doorbell rang. A moment later, Carmela called upstairs for Chandra to come down. She crept out onto the third floor landing and could feel the pressure rise with every step she took. She knew it wouldn't be possible to hold back her needs indefinitely, but squeezed resolutely and let her trembling legs lead the way. Before she knew it, she'd made it to the bottom floor. Standing in the middle of the hallway in a very pretty dress, of a colour matching her name, was Jade.

‘Hii Chandra!!’

The girl bound forward and tightly hugged her friend.

‘How was your Christmas? Mine was soo bor-’

Chandra flinched as Jade's stomach knocked against hers. She doubled over and buried her hands between her thighs. Jade gaped at Chandra's stricken figure like a rare phenomenon.

‘You... need to pee!’

Although Carmela had already gone back to the kitchen and was out of earshot, Jade whispered this. Neither she nor Chandra was sure when they'd started being so discreet about the topic, but it had become instinctive to them both. Lowering her own voice, Chandra replied through gritted teeth.

‘Yeah... Like all hell.’

She badly wanted to sit down, so quickly ushered Jade into the living room.

With her tucked in heel providing support from below and Jade providing moral support to her side, Chandra wished the settee would wheel her out into the hallway so she didn't have to stand up again for the rest of the night. As soon as the doorbell rang though, she knew the true struggle was about to start in earnest. Inching herself up and wiping the grimace from her face, Chandra steeled her body and mind and the next moment she was exchanging pleasantries with Carmela's inner circle.

First to arrive were Figgy and Czar-Czar, who, without them even having to say a word, Chandra knew were Carmela's kind of people. Bold and beautiful, they swept into the hallway, kissing every cheek in sight. Chandra was very much taken aback by how eager they were to get to know her and how their fondness for Carmela rubbed off so easily on herself. As more guests arrived, it became apparent that this would be the theme of the evening. Also that every one of Carmela's friends was evidently cut from the same extravagant cloth she was.

The house really came into its own when filled with bodies. In all, Chandra battled through ten introductions and no shortage of affection and compliments over the next half hour. She felt as if for one night she were somehow an extension of her aunt - not being excluded, nor made light of and it brought her a sense of privilege that had been off-limits for far too long.

However, the abundance of attention was a double-edged sword. She was really struggling to move and act normally under the strain of her bladder and having to get up to say hello to another new face every five minutes was taking an enormous toll. Just as the veil of calm was beginning to slip and Chandra felt herself losing the strength to keep her knees apart, Carmela let everybody know that she was about to start plating up, so to go and get seated at the dining table. Relieved that she'd no longer have to keep playing 'musical settee', Chandra allowed the several guests in the living room to go ahead, while she relished the opportunity to wedge her heel back in for a few minutes and regather her composure...

But when the time came, she too would have to take her seat. Moving sheepishly and trying not to be seen, Chandra finally made her way inside, where she sat next to Jade, just off the head of the large dining table where Carmela's own place was set.

‘Lovely for you two to join us!’ quipped Carmela sarcastically.

‘They're thick as thieves. It really is rather precious,’ she continued, drawing mawkish stares and light-hearted chuckles from around the table.

Despite the initial ribbing, the guests were soon far more concerned with tucking into the delicious meal Carmela had prepared, graciously allowing Chandra to largely ignore what was on her own plate and focus on her internal struggle. Every now and then Jade, who seemed to be very much enjoying her dinner, would check in to see how she was doing. Something Chandra was grateful for, but decreasingly able to appreciate as she slipped further and further away from reality. Inexplicably during the next half hour she managed to eat enough so as not to raise any suspicion over an untouched plate and unthinkably, by the time most were starting to turn their minds to the next, sweet course, she was still at the table hanging on, although in a decidedly sorry state. The waft of whatever sweet dessert she could smell in the air wasn't enough to stop the inevitable. Her clamped muscles had been fighting against what felt like an ocean of pee for nearly three quarters of an hour and, though she had barely eaten, her stomach felt like it would soon explode. As Carmela was out of her seat and in the kitchen, Chandra slipped a hand under the table, discreetly unfastening the button on her trousers to allow some room for her ever swelling abdomen. She ran her palm over it gently, curious to feel the degree to which her bladder had grown. Previously unaware of any such expansion, she was startled to realise how exceptionally large and firm it had become and a shuddering gasp escaped her lips.

Across the table, Figgy noticed this and cast a curious eye towards Chandra. Obviously not wanting to draw any further attention to her little moment, Chandra, somewhat unwisely began clearing her throat as a bluff.

‘Have some water, darling. Here...’

Before Chandra could say no, Figgy had snatched up the jug beside her and started filling an empty glass. Chandra not only heard the sound of the cold liquid hitting the glass, she felt it. The tension as Figgy allowed the jug's contents to cascade dramatically, was like nothing Chandra had ever experienced and she knew then that she wasn't going to make it to dessert. As things stood, it would only be a matter of moments before disaster struck and even though her legs were crossed as tightly as her anatomy would allow, her sphincter muscles that had fought so valiantly were now losing the will to go on. The crushing pressure and enormous quantity was just too relentless. She had to leave the table now or face unprecedented humiliation.

Jade had been watching this all unfold and wasn't surprised when the next moment, Chandra pushed out her chair, mumbled, ‘Excuse me.’ And fled the room.

Catching her eye as she got to the doorway, Jade flashed her a consolatory smile, perhaps feeling that they were finally even now. However, the way Chandra felt, with a bladder the size and weight of a medicine ball, she knew she was about to let loose a pee without parallel.

Moving swiftly on her toes, Chandra slipped across the quiet hallway and delicately climbed the stairs, not wanting to rupture her bladder with any sudden movements. Now that she was alone though, it felt as if her motivation to hold on, provided by Carmela's guests, had diminished, which made it even harder to stay determined. Half way up, she was forced to pause and use her hands in order to prevent herself from losing control. From this vantage point, Chandra could see the toilet itself through the slightly ajar bathroom door and she felt it beckoning her along. Her throbbing loins longed for relief as she made the remaining few steps up to the landing, then crept across it, fastening the lock behind her as she entered the bathroom. Trousers already unbuttoned, all that remained was to slide them to her knees and sit down... There was nothing stopping her from letting go now, but at that final moment, the fear of being heard held her back.

‘They're just a floor below me... They'll hear everything!’

In reality, although few of them had noticed her leave the dining room, it would count for nothing if she then went and brought the ceiling down. But it was as futile as trying to suppress a force of nature. Whether she wanted to be heard or not, Chandra's body could resist no longer...

Carmela re-entered the dining room with a plate in each hand. She noticed one person missing from the table and wondered where her niece had got to. Suddenly, from above came a muted roar, like a distant aeroplane. Knowing the layout of her house, she was able to deduce that Chandra must have nipped upstairs to go to the toilet, but...

‘Was it always possible to hear so well through the ceiling...?’

The dull, even noise carried on for the better part of a minute, before being drowned out by the grateful reception of dessert by her guests. While Carmela cast this peculiar thought from her mind for the time being, Jade was trying her best to hide her giggles behind a napkin.

Chandra felt herself evaporating off the face of the earth in the searing heat of intense pleasure. All her mind perceived was the bliss of her relief as it blasted into the water. Her body, enraptured, was no longer under her control. This... This was the climax, the culmination of all she had consumed. She snatched at the bunched fabric at the top of her jeans, squeezing it in her fists, wanting to scream through clenched teeth. Chandra swam for minutes in this half-conscious state, entirely unaware of the racket she was making. Slowly however, she gained the presence of mind to try to adjust her angle, but no matter how she sat on the toilet, the stream issuing from her loins continued to jet straight down like a tracer, violently striking deep into the the bowl, making a sound that bounced off the walls. She was certain the dinner guests could hear her downstairs.

‘What on Earth must they think of me?' she wondered, desperately trying to convince herself that they wouldn’t be paying attention to her.

But she couldn't help imagining the opposite... Picturing their astonished faces and barely concealed shock, it didn’t bear thinking about... And anyway, even if she'd tried, she couldn't stop herself going. By this point, with minutes racing by and it feeling so good, she couldn't honestly say that she even wanted to stop...

‘Oh the hell with it!’ she declared.

Having distributed dessert to all but one place at the table, Carmela re-took her seat and started eating. After a while, as conversation briefly died down, she became conscious of the same, unerringly steady rumbling sound coming from above.

‘Heavens, it must have been at least ten minutes.’

Mumbling under her breath and flabbergasted by what she thought she was hearing, she temporarily rested her spoon and looked up at the ceiling. Evidently she wasn’t the only one who was aware of the prodigious pee taking place upstairs. Jade was no longer giggling and had a look of quiet shock on her face. One by one, the other guests began to notice the distinct rumble above their heads, somehow made more apparent by Chandra’s conspicuous absence. They awkwardly ate their desserts in an increasingly silent dining room, varying shades of disbelief spreading across their faces as even the chink of cutlery eventually ceased.

‘That is quite a long one, isn’t it!’

Finally Figgy broke the silence. Then all range of comments started flying about.

‘Astonishing! I've never heard anything like it!’

‘No... Don't be ridiculous, she can't be... Can she?’

‘Listen... it definitely is!’

‘It must be a trick. Surely she's running a bath.’

‘Why would she be running a bath?’

Carmela was at pains to to comprehend how her niece could have been going to the toilet for such an impossibly long time. She'd not heard her go like this once the entire time she'd been staying with her. But then again, she never seemed to go at all... She sat for a further minute without saying anything, still gazing at the ceiling, before turning suddenly to Jade.

‘Sweetheart, go and check she's okay for me, would you?’

Jade nodded and left the table immediately.

Upstairs, Chandra had barely even started. Her bladder felt positively enormous inside her and despite the alarming rate at which pee was gushing out, it didn’t appear to be diminishing in size at all. She ran her hands all over the taut, smooth skin above her pubic bone, more openly now than she could have done at the table and felt mesmerised by it. She couldn't stop touching it, stroking it, staring at it. She was entranced, but then suddenly her ears pricked up. She couldn't be sure, but she thought she heard someone at the door. Her pee crashed on and her heartbeat quickened.

Knock! knock!

‘Oh gosh, what is it they want?’

She thought it strange that anybody would feel the need to knock when it was abundantly clear that the bathroom was occupied. She kept silent. Whoever was standing on the other side was hearing everything they needed to hear. Chandra's heart thumped. As the moments stretched on, she could feel her ears throbbing in time with her pulse.

Another knock

‘Ch-Chandra?’

It was Jade and she sounded concerned, fearful even.

‘Oh no!' Chandra thought. ‘They've sent a search party..!'

Raising her voice over the racket she was making, Chandra called out.

‘Err.. Everything okay out there?’

lErrrr! That's what I came to ask you, Chandra! Oh my gosh"1

This very pointed exclamation caused Chandra to blush.	‘Are you really weeing?’ Jade then asked.

‘Y-Yeah... I am...’

There followed a moment of verbal silence, until Jade, trying her best to keep her voice down muttered, ‘Can... I come in?’

Chandra was, understandably, surprised by her question, but given that Jade always liked to leave the door open at her house, perhaps it wasn't such a strange thing for her to ask...

'I, err... I can't actually stand up, Jade. Honestly, I can't stop weeing and the door is locked, sorry!’

Feeling a bit guilty, although relieved, Chandra bit her lip and let her pee gush on. Thankfully Jade didn't protest or persist, but her curiosity remained and so did she behind the bathroom door. She wouldn't leave her post, too enthralled by Chandra's stupendous outpouring to go back to her seat at the table and after enough minutes had passed without her return, the woman who sent her upstairs in the first place came to find out what on earth was happening on the landing.

Jade didn’t even notice her come up behind her on the stairs and even jumped when she heard her voice.

‘Chandra? Are you okay in there, Sweetie?’

Things were starting to get out of hand. Chandra wasn’t sure whether or not to answer. Her plan had been sketchy, but this wasn't what she’d intended at all. Her monumental pee was causing far too much of a disturbance and suddenly she felt herself wanting it to end as Carmela kept up the pressure at the door. Her voice now distressed, having not received a response from her wildly peeing niece, she turned on Jade.

‘What on earth's wrong with her, did she say anything to you?’

Jade was too flustered to articulate herself in any meaningful way and Carmela quickly lost patience.

‘I'm calling an ambulance! This isn't normal at all!'

As she was about to turn to run down the hallway to her bedroom and to the telephone, Chandra, forced to speak up finally, broke her silence and as clearly as she could, let Carmela know that she was okay and to please not call an ambulance... This stopped her aunt in her tracks, but a couple of moments later, nagged by the drill-like intensity of what she was hearing, Carmela couldn't help asking again.

‘Sweetie, are you sure you're okay? You've been... at it... for an awfully long time...’

Not wanting to cause any further worry, but feeling considerably unconfident in the validity of her claim, Chandra told her she'd be down ‘Soon...’

Carmela wasn't sure how much she could trust her niece's assertion. In light of what she could hear with her own ears, it seemed as disingenuous as could be, but having apparently passed so much already, it just had to be the truth... She decided ultimately to take Chandra's word for it and retreated to rejoin the guests at the table, pulling a reluctant Jade along too and ending her open-mouthed vigil at the bathroom door.

It transpired that ‘soon’ was less of an overstatement and more an outright lie, as Chandra continued to powerblast the second floor lavatory for the next quarter of an hour. Carmela was at her wit’s end as her niece's gargantuan pee hammered away above the heads of her guests. All around the table it seemed they all were approaching the limits of their sanity. Czar-Czar finally stood up.

‘Carmela. Do you think we could move to another room— for the poor girl's sake as well as mine?’

She'd had enough and judging by the assenting tones around her, so had everyone else.

‘Right, yes... We'll uh... retire to the sitting room then shall we.’

Visibly unsettled, Carmela led her guests through the hallway into the room opposite, hoping that the new location would offer some respite. However, it quickly became clear that despite being on the other side of the house, the resonant deluge upstairs was strong enough to be able to penetrate conversation even here.

‘Carmela, my dear, how can I say this without sounding mean... I fear there is something gravely wrong with your niece - frankly, I'm disturbed?

Carmela simply stood with her mouth slightly ajar, unable to explain, nor defend what they were all hearing. As much as she tried to rationalise it, there was nothing she could do to wrap her mind around such a feat.

‘No, you're right. It isn't normal... I honestly don't know what's the matter with her... I... I... think I need a drink...’

Carmela sat down, dazed.

‘Dear, are you okay?’ Figgy asked, moving to cushion her friend as she collapsed wearily into the settee.

‘Yes, yes, I should be fine!' replied Carmela, although she didn't sound convincing.

Figgy looked around the room, unsure of what to do.

‘Perhaps we should leave...’ she suggested gravely after a moment of not quite silence.

Rather awkwardly, the guests looked at one another and mulled it over while up above, Chandra's thunder rumbled on...

A tempestuous fifty minutes had left Chandra ravaged. She sat open legged, her elbows on her knees and both of her hands tightly gripping a palmful of hair. Her face was blotchy with tears and drowsily she wondered how much longer she would go on peeing; How much more her body could take... She had undoubtedly surpassed her previous record, eclipsing the thirty odd minutes spent on the toilet last month and was now closing in on a full hour. As the new milestone approached though, it began to dawn on Chandra that, like that time before, there were going to be consequences to face once she finally stopped. Wrapped in the pleasure of the moment, it was hard to see past anything but her own satisfaction, but as her gears shifted and the decibel level receded, pangs of regret ran through

Chandra like the remnants of a night of excess.

She'd left deep impressions in her thighs where her elbows had been dug in for so long. Rubbing them painfully, then running a hand through her dishevelled hair, Chandra peered between her thighs to confirm that at last, her epic pee had come to its conclusion. Her whole abdomen felt as if it had deflated and while the sensation was one she would have liked to savour a moment longer, she knew she couldn't allow herself any more time to dilly-dally away from the table. As fast as she could, she cleaned herself up, then flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

The upstairs landing was deserted as she exited the bathroom and stood hovering at the top of the stairs. Pausing for a very long moment, Chandra wondered if she could bring herself to go back down and rejoin the party. Embarrassment suddenly flooded over her, stripping away any enthusiasm for socialising. She felt as if she had been laid bare and that walking into the dining room right now would have been like doing so stark naked. A few brave steps down the stairs was all she could manage before shrinking back onto the landing... She couldn’t do it. But then there came a voice from the dining room doorway. It seemed like Carmela's but Chandra had never heard her sound like that before.

‘Chandra?’ she called, sounding intimidated, uncertain and entirely unlike the assured and confident woman to which Chandra had grown accustomed.

‘I've put your dessert in the oven to warm up... W-would you like to come down and have it?’

Though Chandra wasn't the slightest bit hungry, she knew she had no choice but to go downstairs. Guilt was starting to take over and slowly she inched down the stairs one step at a time. Bracing herself as she entered the dining room, Chandra was surprised to find Carmela sitting alone at the table. The guests were gone and the room had been tidied and the dishes put away. Carmela looked up, her face pale.

‘Sit down for a moment would you, Sweetheart?

Chandra did as she was told.

‘Where do we start?’ Carmela began.

She shook her head and glanced across the table in apprehension.

‘What... were you really doing in there all this time?’

This question came as a surprise to Chandra, who supposed her aunt must still be holding onto some doubt and needed to hear the truth from the racehorse's mouth. It was somewhat excruciating for Chandra to talk in such open terms, but she told her, honestly that she was 'doing a wee...'.

‘A wee??’

Carmela raised her vaguely hysteric voice ever so slightly.

'I think the Scottish would disagree with you there, Sweetie!’

She looked away from Chandra with her mouth agape. Evidently the truth wasn't at all easy for her to process. Still looking towards the kitchen rather than her niece's face, she mouthed almost inaudibly, ‘How is it even possible?’

Feeling a sudden urge to try and play things down, seeing as the woman appeared to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown, Chandra weakly mumbled that she hadn't been in a while... It didn't help even slightly though and Carmela continued to shake her head, occasionally looking across the table with the expression of someone who'd been informed Chandra was suffering from a serious illness.

‘Chandra, I must take you to see a doctor?

Chandra's eyes widened. She wanted to protest, but any way she looked at it, weeing for the best part of an hour should indeed warrant medical attention. There was no arguing the fact, as she should, in all fairness, have sought medical advice from the start. In a sense it was about time. Chandra agreed to go with her aunt to see a gynaecologist as soon as possible, her heart pounding all the while. It seemed there were more questions Carmela was keen to ask, but after a long pause, she rose from the table.

‘If you want the apple pie, it's still in the oven. I’m going to bed now, good night, Sweetie?

Without another word, she left the room and headed upstairs, suddenly unfamiliar with her surroundings as if she'd forgotten she was in her own home. After removing the hot pie from the oven, Chandra sat alone in the kitchen for a long while, quite embarrassed to have taken part in such an awkward conversation, but rather relieved that Carmela wasn't willing to disown her just yet. She couldn't bear to lose her too.

That night, Chandra didn't sleep at all. She lay in bed until dawn broke on Monday morning, wondering what kind of mess her bladder had gotten her into this time. Where had Jade and the other guests gone? She wished she could talk to her friend right now. What if she never spoke to her again... Who else could she turn to?

Finally, having managed to drop off for a couple of hours, Chandra awoke from a light sleep to hear her aunt talking on the phone in the hall. It was faint, but she thought she could just make out the details of her conversation.

‘...Just a practical joke! ...These youngsters!’

It made Chandra laugh that she’d already come up with a cover story for the previous night, but the next moment when she heard her arranging a consultation with her private GP on another call, Chandra knew things were starting to get serious.

