Partners Wetting Lin-Line – Part II

Author: ppPanties (1999-01-05 at 13:58) #26298

Well… here it is… the second half of my story. If you all enjoyed the first half, I’m sure you’ll enjoy this equally as well… if not more. For me? It was a dream come true.

I guess we could have wet ourselves at the same time, but I really think it was much more effective, and hot of course, being able to enjoy the experience thoroughly without us both having to describe it to each other at the same time. I had had those gray panties on and light blue leggings, which I believe I forgot to mention in the first posting.

So I was sitting here at my computer soaking wet, after having waited for what seemed like hours and hours to pee. I was wet up to the waist in back, and down both legs… and not minding it one bit I might add. I think I’m almost in a constant state of arousal, from when I’m thinking about wetting myself, while I am, and for some time afterwards. I don’t know why it’s so damn good, but when I masturbate while I’m peeing, the orgasm is amazing. But sharing it with someone, and knowing he was getting as much pleasure out of it as I was, made it that much more intense. The moment was mine, so he didn’t talk too much about what he was doing, other than to let me know, and often, how turned on he was and how hard he was.

When I told him that I had just had an awesome orgasm, he said, “Already?” I told him I couldn’t help it… Once I got to peeing, and describing it to him, I came hard and fast. I know he liked that he had a part in it and that I wanted to share the moment with him. I have little control over my orgasms when I’m peeing. Other times I can get to the edge and slow down and make it last. Maybe in time I can accomplish that and gain some control while I’m wetting myself too. But still, the orgasm is indescribable.

We continued to chat for some time, about what we like, even searching for other wetters in the area we were chatting. We know there are others… like he once was, and like I was, thinking we were the only ones, and having no idea there were so many other people who felt the way we do. We did find a few and spent some time chatting with one, who really opened up to us once he realized we were for real. We knew just how he felt.

By now I was getting a little anxious. I wanted him to pee for me and I was sure that he had planned to. I guess he just needed a little encouragement from me. Actually, it’s all I could think about the whole time we were chatting. The anticipation was almost too much, so it was hard to concentrate on other events of the evening.

Finally, I couldn’t stand it any longer, and I was beginning to think it wasn’t going to happen, so I asked, “Aren’t you going to pee for me?” He almost seemed surprised that I asked. I was so sure that he was going to, but I think he need to hear from me that it was what I wanted.

“Really?”

“Do you really want me to?”

“God, yes, I want you to!”

Clearly thrilled at the idea, he said; “I would love to pee for you.”

Oh wow. Just the thought of it had me already touching myself. And I’m wondering… had he intended to pee right along? I’m thinking he might have had that Master of Torture thing goin’ on and was just waiting till I couldn’t stand it any longer and had to ask. Either way, one of my on-line fantasies was about to come true. They say “Good things happen to those who wait.” Guess it’s true, because something really good was about to happen… again.

So, off he went to get the necessary supplies… towel, something to protect the chair, and some water. As far as I could tell, he hadn’t peed for quite some time, so the water should speed things up in no time.

Now we’re chatting for a bit. He’s wearing boxers and tan cords, that absorb the pee well, and also reveal the wet quite adequately when he wets himself. The waiting game begins… or continues. It’s already taking longer than I’d like. I’m touching myself and waiting for that first burst. I’ve been drinking coke right along, and my bladder is already beginning to fill up again.

“Ohhhh”

“What happened?”

“Did you pee already?” I guess I was thinking he was just going let it all go at once, and after all this waiting, it would be over in the blink of an eye. But that wasn’t the case.

“No dear, just a little.”

“It didn’t even wet through my boxers.”

sigh “okay”

The anticipation and the build up was almost too much, which made it even more exciting. Every few minutes there was another spurt, and it was now beginning to show through his pants. Each time he described each spurt, it was turning me on even more. I was rubbing myself through my already wet panties with enthusiasm, and peeing at the same time. I hadn’t really planned on peeing again so soon, but had been drinking coke, and I was so excited and aroused at this point, I couldn’t help it.

“Ohhh.”

“I’m letting it go now.”

“It’s soaking my boxers and cords, and running down my legs onto the floor.”

He’s describing in detail how it feels, so warm and wet, soaking his pants more and more. And I’m feeling the warm pee again soaking my panties, and about to have another amazing orgasm. God, this is wonderful and sooo damned exciting. My heart is pounding, and the orgasm… god, I don’t want to ever come down from this feeling. If I’m this excited now, I’m sure I’d pass out if I had the opportunity to do this with someone in person. Do I dare to dream?

“Damn, that was great.”

“It was better than I could possibly have imagined.”

I told him about my orgasm, and how wonderful it all was. He seemed almost disappointed that I had cum again.

“Are you still touching yourself?”

“Can you cum again?”

“Ohhh yes, I know I can.”

“I don’t know how much longer I can last, but yes… I’m sure I can.”

“Can you slow it down, bring yourself back down?”

“I’ll try.”

I sensed his not desperate, but gentle tone when I saw the words, “Please hon, slowly.”

“Bring yourself to the edge, and slow down.” He reminded me again; “Slowly.”

“Oh god…” I said, while I momentarily closed my eyes and imagined him stroking his now very hard cock, and rubbing myself more slowly so that we could reach that pinnacle of ecstasy together.

“Slowly” he repeated.

He asked me to think about this experience being a real life (in person) experience, and to describe to him what’d I’d like. I know the possibilities must be endless, but I told him told I’d want to stroke his hard cock through his soaking wet boxers, to feel it in my hand. I’d love to feel it rubbing up against my pussy, teasing my clit.

“Ohhh God, I’m soooo close!” I was quivering now, breathing hard… heart pounding, trying not to just let myself go and reach orgasm.

“No, no… not yet.”

“Slowly… slowly.”

“Bring yourself to the edge, and slow down.”

“I’ll tell you when you can go faster.”

“What else would you like?”

I moaned again, enjoying every wet moment, but I wanted to cum. I don’t know how I knew, but if we had been together that moment, I know he would have softly touched my lips with his finger as if to say “Shhhh” and he said; “Slowly dear, slowly.” I told him I’d like to feel his warm cum spill out all over me.

“Really?”

“Would you like that?”

“Tell me where you’d like it… your breasts?”

“Ohhhh yes… my breasts… anywhere… everywhere.”

“Rub yourself faster now hon.”

“Oh God, yes!” I told him I’d like to feel him cum on my breasts, dribbling through my fingers onto my tummy, dribbling down my sides and over my pussy.

“Cummmming!”

“Ohhhh”

Silence… and sighs.

He said; “Hold me.”

Oh yes… “Holding you close.”
