Girls Rule and Boys Drool - Part 2

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-30)

Two months later….

Greg, Jimmy, Elizabeth, and Tara had kept up their holding adventures as their senior years of high school progressed. The girls still knew nothing of the guys’ fetish for big, bulging bladders and liters of captured pee, but they loved the power associated with holding more and more for longer and longer, and for whatever reason their boyfriends just kept egging them on! Like they needed the extra motivation… Greg and Jimmy were in full bladder heaven with their girls. All they had to do was issue the slightest of challenges and their girlfriends’ legs would stay closed, their bathrooms would stay unoccupied, and their bladders would fill. Heck, Elizabeth and Tara even seemed to like holding on without any challenge set forth. Greg could recall taking Elizabeth home at the end of a long night and having her show him her bladder bulge without prompting. And he and Jimmy couldn’t help but marvel at the girls’ total nonchalance when holding for monumental periods of time.

“Dammit!”

“Shit!”

“You’ve gotta be kidding me!” The cries rang out from the girls’ locker room just as Elizabeth and Tara entered it, ready for another fun-filled period of physical education. The two girls weren’t prepared for what they saw. Half the locker room of girls seemed to be in uncomfortable agony, with waist bending, leg crossing, and toe tapping at a premium. “What’s going on?” Elizabeth asked the nearest girl, clad in only a bra and skimpy panties as she struggled with a clearly unfeminine urge.

“There’s a water leak! All the toilets are backed up!” the girl replied anxiously. “Some of us have been waiting all day to pee in these toilets, you know!” Another girl, slightly chubbier and still with her jeans on, shouted out, hands clenched at her thighs. Tara and Elizabeth looked at each other mischievously. “It’s a good thing we’re always prepared for something like this, huh?” Tara remarked to Elizabeth, while the taller girl replied, “Oh yeah, Tara, no need to worry here. No toilets, no problem!”

The girls eventually made their way out to the gym, all clad in their standard uniforms of white t-shirts and tiny short shorts. The school dress codes specified that girls’ shorts reach their knees for gym class, but alas, the rules were lax. The girls, probably over half of them bursting to pee, did their best not to fidget as the boys entered the gym from the other end. Most of the guys didn’t notice anything amiss with their female comrades, but Jimmy and Greg kept an eye out for such scenarios, and instantly both knew that there was a lot more pee desperation than normal taking place in the gym that day. They sauntered up to their girlfriends and tried to act suave about the situation, despite totally freaking out with glee on the inside.

“So…why’s everyone look so bouncy?...” Jimmy ventured to Tara, gesturing to the desperate females surrounding them. Tara gave Elizabeth a small smirk, then replied, “Oh, them? They’ve got a bit of a problem brewing, but thankfully, you’re going out with the right chicks. We never have that sort of problem, right Liz?”

“Of course not, some girls are actually raised to control themselves,” Elizabeth added. Greg decided to continue the coyness in hopes of getting more explicit details. “Control what?” he asked innocently. Elizabeth laughed out loud, “Well if you must know, lots of time girls like to wait until gym class to take a leak. That way they don’t have to ask to get out of class in front of everybody. But the toilets flooded or something in our locker room today, so as you can imagine…”

“Luckily me n’ Liz are the least leaky girls in the whole school!” Tara finished proudly. The girls were expecting a laugh from their boyfriends, perhaps also an acknowledgement of their urinary superiority, but what they got was quite surprising. Unable to stop themselves, Greg and Jimmy instantly began sporting tents in their shorts from the story. Hearing their girlfriends talk about their fetish in such plain terms was too much for them. Tara’s eyes went wide and she began giggling, while Elizabeth covered her mouth and whispered, “They’re not the only ones with no control apparently…” Red-faced, Greg and Jimmy scurried away. The couples would make little eye contact for the rest of the day.

That weekend Greg and Elizabeth were out at the movies. It was the first time they had spent real time with each other since the unfortunate gym incident. They had left straight away after school to catch the matinee showing of the newest rom-com that Elizabeth had wanted to see. Or at least, Greg thought she had wanted to see it, because now that they were in the theater, she had barely paid attention to the flick. She seemed distracted, almost nervous, and Elizabeth never got nervous. Seeing her act this way, Greg grew tenser and tenser. Finally, during a quiet moment in the movie, Elizabeth leaned over to her beau.

“So…we have to talk about something.” The words echoed in Greg’s ears as all his worst fears manifested themselves. “We have to talk” was code for “We’re breaking up”, “It’s not you, it’s me”, “It wouldn’t have lasted anyway”, and Greg couldn’t bear to hear those words. Reflexively he grabbed Elizabeth around the shoulder, muttering in shocked tones, “Please babe, please don’t break up with me! This is about the thing in gym a few days back, isn’t it? Isn’t it?? I’m sorry, I didn’t mean anything by it, I just-“ Elizabeth put a hand over his mouth to shush him.

“Greg, honey, relax. I’m not breaking up with you. But…this IS about gym class.” Greg’s breath was heavy in his throat as he tried to take in what Elizabeth was saying to him, and she continued on, “You and Jimmy…you were doing just fine, and then all of a sudden you were standing there with…well…with some pretty huge boners, if I do say so myself. I swear, it looked bigger than when I give you my world famous blowjobs, and I know you love my world famous blowjobs.

It got me and Tara thinking…(she spoke slowly, the words dripping from her lips)…Greg, do you two actually LIKE when we don’t go to the bathroom? Like when we hold it all day? When you challenge us out of nowhere, even though by now you have to know you’ll be on the losing end of that. Is that why you keep doing it?” Greg’s mouth had totally dried up. His brain was screaming at him to agree with his girlfriend, his amazing perfect loving girlfriend who had just guessed his innermost fetish to a tee, but Greg sat motionless. Elizabeth gave him a few seconds, realized he was not going to be able to answer, and then got an answer herself.

Down went her hand until it made contact with Greg’s throbbing, rock-hard penis, and that was enough of a yes for her. Elizabeth turned Greg’s face towards hers, then smiled brightly. “Well hun, that’s good enough for me. From now on I’m gonna make sure you’re always enjoying yourself. I haven’t used the bathroom since this morning, and I’m certainly not gonna need to go again when the movie’s done.” With that, Elizabeth reached for her large fountain soda and took a deep swig, while Greg spent the remaining hour of the movie on the absolute edge of orgasm.

The following weekend Elizabeth decided to surprise Greg with four tickets to see an all day rock concert, which just happened to feature his favorite band. The venue was an hour away, which meant that everyone had to be up early to make it on time. Greg left at 6 am from his house and drove to pick up his friends. Jimmy was the first stop on the way, and from the sounds of their brief conversation, Jimmy and Tara had also discussed Jimmy’s fetish with intriguing results.

Jimmy could barely relate it all to Greg because he was so excited for the day to come. Tara was next into the car and was her usual bouncy self. She greeted Jimmy with a huge kiss on the cheek, and Greg couldn’t help but notice the obscenely large bottle of water she was clutching and regularly taking swigs from. Elizabeth’s house was last, and when she entered the car she gave Greg a look that radiated pure sex, then turned and hugged Tara, sitting in the backseat with her gal pal. She had an equally absurd bottle of water with her.

“So Tara, did you do as planned?” Elizabeth asked in an overly loud voice to catch the boys’ attention as they sped down the highway. Tara smiled widely, “Oh yeah Liz! Took a pee at 10 last night and that’s all! Nothing this morning, even though my bladder was getting all achy on me.”

“My last pee was at the same time!” Elizabeth commented, before asking, “but why is your bladder already giving you trouble?” Tara laughed and held up her water bottle which had to contain at least 2 liters of fluid, “Probably because I chugged one of these before bed! Didn’t you?” Elizabeth gave a small smile back and gestured to her abdomen, “Oh yes, I did as well.” To say that Greg had trouble focusing on the road for the rest of the drive would be a gross understatement.

The four travelers reached their destination, “ROCK YOUR FACE OFF 2014”, at 7 am on the dot. They were a little early to the campground that served as the stands for the fans, and made time pass by walking, talking, and watching the girls finish off their gigantic waters. They were done by 8 am, which meant that both girls already had 4 liters of water streaming through their bodies, most of it already begging to be let out, and yet they’d only been holding for 10 hours.

This was a fact that Tara seemed to have been keeping track of, as she soon announced, “10 hours and no pee breaks for me and Liz here! That’s an eternity for most people, but for girls like us, it’s nothing. Ain’t that right Liz?” Elizabeth smiled, though Greg detected that it might be slightly forced, as she replied, “You know it girl! Biggest bladders at the whole music festival, right here!” They continued wandering until 10 am, at which point the festival’s first band was about to take the stage. Greg and Elizabeth set down a blanket at a perfect viewing spot while Jimmy and Tara went to get everyone some coffee from a nearby stand to wake up.

As soon as the other couple was out of earshot, Elizabeth hissed in a conspiratorial whisper to Greg, “I’m already bursting!” Such an admission was not what Greg had been expecting, but he managed to pick his jaw up off the grass and respond, “What? How? I know it’s been 12 hours, but you’re usually good for that.” Elizabeth gave a short laugh, “Yeah…except it hasn’t been 12 hours. I mighta been stretching the truth there. See, I was planning on doing this hold together with Tara, giving you guys a special treat, but the more I thought about it, about you wanting to see me wait, the hornier I got…and I might have overdid it.”

She lifted up her green tank top to reveal an abdomen already bulging more than impressively. Greg’s jaw went back to the grass below him. “So…how much are you actually holding?” he sputtered. Elizabeth replied, “Well, I took a piss after school at 3 pm, but nothing since. I skipped the before bed one that Tara took…..Oh, and I also might have drank an extra one of these water bottles yesterday afternoon. I really wanted to push myself for you!”

“Well you’re certainly doing that!” Greg said incredulously, “You’ve been holding for…let’s see…19 hours already! Can you really make it much longer?”

“I have to. Our plan was to last all day for you guys, and Tara knows I can outhold her. If I pee, or even get desperate, before she does, she’ll know I lied! So you can’t spill the beans!” Greg nodded, “Ok, but you might want to focus on not spilling something else entirely.” He gestured to the avocado-sized lump in her lower gut, coming over the top of her short jeans shorts. “Don’t worry about me,” Elizabeth said with a smirk, “I’m a girl who never needs to pee, remember?” They turned back to watch the opening band just as Tara and Jimmy reappeared, and Elizabeth took her large coffee with a wink to Greg. It was going to be some day indeed.

The first band played and the four friends went back and forth between giving the band their rapt attention and giving the same to each other. The admission of their fetishes had really drawn everyone closer, as Tara and Jimmy snuggled up, with Tara placing Jimmy’s hand on her abdomen, while Greg and Elizabeth continued to exchange meaningful glances about her state of fullness. Soon their coffee was all gone and Greg was sure that would be the drink that broke Elizabeth’s perfect control, but he was wrong. There she sat, as the first band ended their set and another took their place.

She was stoic as ever, happily chatting with Tara, and had managed to put her need to the back of her mind. But as the second band stopped playing and noon came, it seemed Tara was starting to have trouble with her 14 hour load. She was starting to squirm around more and more as Jimmy held her. Tara’s bladder bulge was also starting to rival Elizabeth’s from earlier in the day. But Tara, bubbly as ever, continued to make small talk and avoid acknowledging her pressing need long enough to think about visiting the bathrooms. Jimmy even whispered something to Tara about her need, but his girlfriend simply shook her head and whispered back, “Don’t worry about it, I can last, and besides, this is for you bugga boo!”

After another hour it was decided that lunchtime was needed. Cheering for bands (not to mention holding precariously full bladders) was hard work, after all. The four rose from their blanket, Jimmy and Greg getting up normally, Tara briefly grabbing at her crotch to maintain control, and Elizabeth doing her best to look normal, though she was walking a bit stiffly as they headed to the food stands. However, Elizabeth was not one to act differently due to the state of her bladder, and that meant that she ordered a large soda with her hot dog and pretzel. Tara only got a medium, clearly wary of her bladder’s limits, but then the bubbly girl looked at her loving Jimmy and got a flash of inspiration. She turned back to the server, took out her gigantic, now empty water bottle, and asked with her most pouty face if he could please refill it for her.

The server was hesitant, as the water bottle hadn’t been purchased from him, but then Tara leaned over the counter to give him a view of her cleavage, and that did the trick. Once the full water bottle was back in her hand, she turned and skipped back to the rest of the group. But alas, they still couldn’t go back to their spot quite yet. Never one to be outdone, Elizabeth gave Greg a determined look, got out her own empty water bottle, and convinced the server to give hers a refill as well. Greg didn’t know where Elizabeth was possibly going to put all this extra liquid, her bladder already 22 hours full and bursting with beverages, but it seemed she was going to go all out for him.

They returned to the blanket and began to watch the fifth band of the day. By the time that band had finished their set, it was 2 pm, meaning Tara’s bladder was stuffed with 16 hours worth of pee and Elizabeth’s gargantuan bladder was brimming with 23 hours of churning yellow liquid. Both girls had finished their sodas, and Tara had now reached the limit of her composure. She was still holding it all in, but doing so required her to squirm around and bounce on the blanket. Even when Jimmy put his arms around her to sooth her, the bouncing continued. The poor girl had a desperate look in her eyes, but she steeled herself and refused to give in to her urges.

Elizabeth, on the other hand, was somehow managing to remain stoic, though Greg didn’t know how that was possible. Her bladder was now bulging well out over her shorts, making her appear a few months pregnant. She continued making small talk, but it was clear to anyone who paid her close attention that Elizabeth was suffering from bladder pain. She was stretched almost as far as Greg had ever seen her, and certainly this was the most she’d had in her while keeping this level of composure.

Then Jimmy whispered something sheepishly to Tara, and the girl managed to nod in reply, despite being constantly in motion at this point. Jimmy got up and wandered off, and Greg shot a questioning glance. Greg turned back to Tara, now on her knees and moving up and down ever second, and before he could speak she told him, “Oh, don’t worry about Jimmy. He just…ooooh God I’m desperate!....wanted to use the port-a-potty. I told him….ahhhh…I told him it’d be alright and that I could wait…..mmmmmm….that I could wait until he got back, but fuck am I bursting! My bladder’s huge, but even so, it’s totally full!”

Tara turned to look at Elizabeth, who was making a concerted effort to not act as desperately as Tara was, or to even show her need, and remarked, “Gosh, I don’t know how you’re doing it, girl! It’s been hours, and you don’t even look like that balloon in your abdomen is bothering you!” Elizabeth smiled, gave me a knowing wink, and replied, “You know me! A girl like me certainly doesn’t need to pee, especially when it’s only been 16 hours.” Tara just laughed, “You’re an All Day Girl all the way, huh? I’ll bet you won’t even need to take a pee until the 24 hour mark!” Elizabeth laughed and nodded, though Greg noticed that both actions were pretty well faked. The 24 hour mark may have only been one hour away in reality, but in Tara’s mind, Liz still had another 8 hours to go.

Jimmy returned, full relieved, and as he did so Tara jumped up, ran to meet him, and instantly began wiggling around him. Her need to pee was beginning to overtake all good sense. They had a quick, low conversation, and then Jimmy sat down while Tara pee danced around all of us, clearly at the end of her rope. “What’s up?” Greg whispered to his friend, and Jimmy replied excitedly, “She’s gonna hold out til she wets! Can’t fucking believe it!” As he said this, Tara was in front of us, bent double and with both hands tightly between her legs, clutching upwards at her desperate pussy. Her short athletic shorts had ridden up to the point of looking like bathing suit bottoms, and Jimmy and Greg both sat and admired her firm ass.

After a minute, the pose ended, and Tara was back to pee dancing however she could to make this gift to Jimmy last as long as she could. Amazingly, using pure willpower, Tara held out until just before 3 pm, but then the floodgates burst. “Ahhhh noooo!” she wailed, but it was no use. Her sphincter’s strength had come to its end, and the pee simply had to be let out. 17 hours worth of hot piss emptied itself instantly into her shorts, coming out in a large blast. It was as if all of her pee wanted to be expelled at the same time. Because of this, her stream only lasted 30 seconds, but the sopping puddle on the ground made it so that no one could doubt the girl’s capacity. Jimmy was positively beaming at the display.

And as Tara’s stream finally began to die down, I heard something that I’d been waiting and anticipating hearing for hours – Elizabeth groaned. The hissing of Tara’s lost pee battle was too much for her iron composure to take, and after 24 hours without letting out even a drop, the girl who often said that “Girls like me never have to pee” was being proven wrong. “Are you ok?” Jimmy asked her, prying his eyes away just for a moment from Tara’s dripping form.

“Mmmm…yeah, I’m good. Don’t worry. Nothing a girl can’t hold in.” Elizabeth responded, but there was clear strain in her voice, and her bladder was nearly cantaloupe-sized in her lower stomach, jutting out for the world to see. Tara looked over and smiled, “Aww, don’t worry guys, she’s just being dramatic. I know for a fact she can outhold me! 17 hours may be my limit, but that’s nothing for you girl! You got this!” Elizabeth gave her a smile in return that was probably weaker than intended, but with her bladder in such a painful and bulging state, it was the best she could do. Greg was busy admiring his girlfriend’s perseverance like never before.

The afternoon began passing with no new excitement, as Elizabeth drank copiously and regularly from her massive water bottle. Within a few hours, it was gone, and Elizabeth’s bladder now resembled a blimp in flight. She was scissoring her legs around and moving back and forth, but still wouldn’t put a hand on her crotch, even as her holding time reached 27 hours, though Tara still believed it was just 20.

“God, what a show you’re giving them, Liz! What a show! You look almost pregnant!” In truth, there was no “almost” about it. Elizabeth could have passed for being near the end of her second trimester of pregnancy and no one would have questioned her. But her urine baby was clearly causing her agony, with only her pride in her own control, her desire to please Greg, and her fear at being found out by Tara keeping her from pissing out her long-held waters. Greg knew his girlfriend had a ridiculous capacity, but this display was beginning to make him question just how much Elizabeth could possibly contain.

Amazingly, impossibly, the concert ended before Elizabeth’s control. She had stood and crossed her legs in complete desperation when the encore song was announced, and Greg felt sure that she would break, but she had not. It was 10 pm on the dot, which meant that 31 hours had passed since the last time Elizabeth had loosened her muscles and felt the joy of emptiness. As the group slowly left the field and headed to their car, Tara remarked, “Gosh Liz, maybe you drank too much, huh? Seem to need to go more than I’d expect! Still, you hit 24 hours, you All Day Girl, you! And here I am needing to go again while you haven’t even gone once!” Elizabeth managed a smile as they piled into the car, “Oh yeah…..it’s bad…..but like you said…..I’m….ooooh…..I’m an All Day Girl….and nothing’s coming out of me all day!”

Greg sped as much as possible on the ride back, as Elizabeth was using inhuman efforts to contain herself further, vibrating in the back seat with Tara while still, STILL refusing to use her hands to hold back her massive flood. Jimmy and Tara were dropped off first at Tara’s place, and as soon as they were in their door, Elizabeth’s legs crossed doubly and she yelled to Greg, “Thank God! I couldn’t have kept up that display a moment longer! I’m bursting so badly! Please get me home!” Greg, his mind whirring, made no reply, but quickly drove the 10 minutes to Elizabeth’s house. By now it was 11 at night, meaning that Elizabeth had kept in her huge, awesome load of pee in her aching, hurting bladder for 32 hours, easily her holding record, even with drinking as much as she ever had without a piss.

They reached her house, Greg unlocked the doors, and Elizabeth dashed out of the car and towards her front door. To her surprise, Greg followed. He blocked the door and Elizabeth desperately danced in front of him. “Greg?? What are you doing? I need a piss! It’s been hours!” Grinning at his bursting maiden, Greg replied, “But I thought you said a girl like you never needed a pee? Haven’t you said that before?”

“Greg! This is urgent! This is-“ Elizabeth stopped on the spot and looked at Greg’s eyes. Slowly a devilish smile crept up the girl’s face in spite of her busting, at its limits bladder. “I mean,” she began, fighting to keep her voice level, “Of course I don’t actually NEED to pee. That would never happen. But I’d like to go inside and…freshen up, if you will. Can I do that sweetie?” Greg watched in awe at the effort it was taking her to maintain the calm look on her face, to keep her legs parted, to keep her hands at her sides, and to keep her tired, overworked sphincter shut just these few moments more, with nothing to help it, after a 32 hour fight for control.

Elizabeth was positively stunning, even with sweat pouring down her face, even as she began to bite her lip, even as her legs began to bow inward as Greg’s response was delayed further and further. Battling with her own biological urges and Mother Nature herself, Elizabeth began to sink into a half-squat, her knees nearly coming together, her face bright red, as the effort it had taken to act as though nothing was wrong one final time became too much. Greg knew she was at her limits, her sphincter screaming for release, and she had perhaps seconds of incredible control left.

“Quickly!” Greg told her in a half-whisper. He took her purse, quickly found her keys, unlocked her door, and followed her hobbling form inside. “Oh God, oh God, oh God…” Elizabeth was muttering as she frantically made her way to the bathroom. Greg, mindful to be quiet, lest his girlfriend’s parents become alerted to his presence, hastily followed after her. Elizabeth threw open the bathroom door, raced to the heavenly porcelain bowl, tore down her skintight shorts and thong, and sat on a toilet for the first time in nearly a day and a half. With one last-ditch effort, Elizabeth spread her legs on the bowl, took her hands off herself, and showed Greg an unobstructed view of her twitching pussy, still holding back her mammoth load of pent-up piss. Then the urge became too much to bear, and Elizabeth gave a shriek as her pee hit the toilet bowl in one huge blast.

With her sphincter finally relaxed, there was nothing to prevent the liters and liters of pressing pee from forcing its way out of her overstretched bladder. Elizabeth threw a hand over her mouth to keep herself from moaning audibly from the relief. Greg was in awe watching his girlfriend’s belly deflate as the urine left her. He wouldn’t have expected three people with huge bladders to be able to hold as much as Elizabeth was now expelling. The hissing was as loud as ever as one minute turned into two, then as three minutes turned into four. Would she ever stop pissing?? Greg gave her a look, and Elizabeth, now free from the pain her bladder was causing her, was able to smile back and reply, “I think we’re getting there baby.” One more minute and finally the stream was reduced to a trickle, which quickly died off as well. After over five minutes, Elizabeth’s ordeal was over.

As she sat on the toilet, breathing heavily, Greg began to chuckle. “What’s so funny?” Elizabeth asked. “I’m just shocked that you managed to hold so much pee so well that Tara didn’t catch on to what you were doing.” Greg answered. At this, Elizabeth gave her widest smile yet. “Well of course she didn’t catch on. After all, I only had a bulging bladder to deal with, and I’m a girl who never needs a pee.”

