Melanie's Discovery

Author: GBUU (1998-08-09 at 04:48) W#17504

This story isn't true. It's completely fiction. I'm divorced now, but I always have been afraid that a thing like this would happen to me. Lucky enough for me, it didn't. I'm sure a lot of men over here (maybe even women) have the same fear. I didn't wrote it to be a very erotic wet story. (At least not part 1) I wrote it because I'm sure a lot of you recognize parts of the situations and share the fear I had for a lot of years. There's one thing I would say to all of you single ones who love wetting. Never ever marry a woman who doesn't like wetting at all. You will have big regrets. Some day things go wrong. Believe me, that's the truth. Unless you're willing to live a very secret life next to your partner the rest of your life. And live with the fear everyday of your life. And I found out that's a very unfair and almost impossible thing to do.

###

Melanie and John lived together for three months. They met each other in college a few years ago. Since then they were good friends and a few months after John went living on his own Melanie agreed in moving in with him. She was 23, just like John and during her college years she never left her parental house. It was in the same town as her college, so it would have been a bit silly in Melanie's mind to start living on her own. That would have cost her a lot of extra money. But now, after finishing her study, Melanie had a job and she loved John too much to turn down his request. So there she was, working twenty hours a week and the rest of the time she became more and more a housewife. Cleaning up things, do the shopping and cooking dinner. A few years earlier Melanie would never had believed that she also liked that kind of work and life. But she did and even chatting with the neighbours was a nice thing to do.

This morning John was packing his suitcase. He worked as a sales manager and now and then he had to go abroad to visit an exhibition or to give a lecture. This time he had to go to Los Angeles for a week. John was very excited about that. It was the first time for him to visit the United States. Melanie was a bit excited too. It was the first time John had to go away for a few days since they lived together.

Melanie wasn't a frightened woman but she realised it would be a bit strange to be alone in the house at night. The man next door already told her that if she became scared at night or thought she hearted strange things in or around the house, it was ok to call him. That was a nice thing to know because lately there was a lot of vandalism in the neighbourhood which happened mainly at night. Normally Melanie didn't hear a thing at night and slept like hell, but she was sure that this week sleeping would be a but more difficult. John told her to have a few drinks before going to bed. That would help.

John left the house at five in the afternoon. Melanie waved him goodbye. She already had decided not to cook dinner that day. There was a pizza in the freezer. But first she had to do some last shopping. She had planned to give the walls in the living room some new paint. They were dirty and Melanie never liked the complete white colour. A bit light yellow would have been much better. John didn't know about her plans. It was intended to be a surprise for John.

At 8 o'clock that evening Melanie watched the news on television. In the meanwhile she saw that there was absolutely nothing of any interest on television that evening. But that was no problem, they had lot's of home-video's. She opened the cupboard and looked at all of the video-boxes. What would it be this time? Maybe E.T. or Mary Poppins. (John and Melanie had almost all the Disney video's). Perhaps a James Bond? They bought a new VCR last week with stereo hifi and dolby surround. The first movie they watched on the new recorder was Forrest Gump. They saw that video a lot of times already, but this time it became a complete new experience.

When the Vietnam scenes began Melanie had jump up from the sofa almost half a meter. The sound effects were incredible. Almost like being in a real cinema. But on the other hand, she saw the movie of lot of times lately, so she kept looking for another one. Behind the first rows of boxes they kept their old video's. Mostly taped from television. Big chance she could find a movie she didn't see for a long while.

Melanie hoped to find some old episode's of Mr. Ed the talking horse or Catweazle. She new John taped them a year or so ago. But that wasn't easy. Most of the tapes didn't have descriptions on the box or cassette. There were at least fifty video's without any description. Just black cassette's. Impossible to watch them all to find out where Mr. Ed was. Melanie wondered why John didn't write a few things on the boxes. Normally he was very precise in these things. At the bottom of the cupboard, almost hidden behind some other home taped video's Melanie found some cassette's with white labels on them. But the very brief descriptions on it looked more like some kind of code to her. DA-PP1 and WS-1. That kind of things. Melanie assumed it were the tapes John sometimes got home from his work. She once saw such a tape but it was absolutely incomprehensible for her.

All kind of mathematical stuff. Not Melanie's topic. But Melanie was curious so she took one of the video's out and placed them in the VCR. In the meanwhile she went to the kitchen to get herself a glass of coke. When she came back the title role was just over and the movie began. Three women in shorts standing in the woods. Strange beginning Melanie thought to herself. Maybe mathematical science in the woods or so. But soon it became very clear to Melanie that this video was a bit strange. No technical information. The three women were talking about dying for a pee. One of them stood there cross-legged and another one had a hand between her legs.

Melanie couldn't believe her eyes. One woman after another started peeing her pants. In the middle of the woods! One of them even almost got caught by two strangers walking by. Maybe it was just a silly joke to start the video. Adult woman don't pee their pants. And these ones did it in public and they even looked like enjoying it. That couldn't be true. But the next scene included desperate women again who finally peed their pants. And the next scene it happened again, and again.

Completely browbeaten she watched the video for about half an hour an then stopped it. She sat back in the sofa and looked at the black screen for five minutes without saying anything. What the hell was this? This tape must be John's. But why did he have a tape with grown-up women peeing their pants. What was so funny about that? It even looked like he had hidden the tape in the cupboard. For five minutes Melanie couldn't say a word. Then she suddenly realised there were more of these strange labelled tapes. A total of ten. She took out another one and once again just adult women peeing their pants in all kind of places and situations. And it was clear they liked what they were doing.

Some of them even played with themselves afterwards. The panty-peeing part wasn't funny at all for Melanie. But the parts in which the woman started rubbing her pussy afterwards was erotic to her. Without even realising it at first, Melanie was rubbing her own pussy through the fabric of her pale blue panties. She even got a great orgasm. She stopped the video when another woman started peeing her blue legging. It couldn't be a coincidence that John kept these video's hidden. The only reason Melanie could think of was that these tapes in some way were erotic for John.

Although it was a mystery to her what was erotic about watching desperate and pants peeing women, that was the only explanation she could think off. John must be a secret pervert or so. Melanie never ever noticed anything about this strange obsession. And she also asked herself when John watched these video's. He never did when she was in the house. Why did he never told her about this? They had a very open relationship. The only possibility in Melanie's eyes was that John did love to watch women that peed their pants and he must be so ashamed about this, that he didn't had the guts telling her about it. It was impossible he only had this video's because of the naked parts. They sometimes watched normal sex video's on television together. Melanie didn't mind John watching such video's. But this was different.

Melanie opened a bottle of wine. Two hours later the bottle was empty en Melanie went upstairs. She was angry at John. And she also was a bit tipsy. She kept on wondering what was wrong with John. And what the hell was wrong with those women who had the nerves peeing their pants in public in front of a camera. That must be complete lunatics! Melanie took off her clothes, except for her panties and her T-shirt. She always slept with her panties and T-shirt on. John slept naked. Melanie went to the bathroom, the last thing she always did before going to sleep. She pulled her panties down and wanted to sit down on the toilet. In her mind she saw that scene again in which a young woman peed on the toilet without removing her panties. About the same pale blue cotton panties Melanie was wearing right now. Melanie didn't know why she did it, but she suddenly raised her panties again and sat down on the toilet. She had to pee pretty bad.

It only took a few seconds when her pee was pouring out of the panties. She looked down between her legs and saw it coming out of the gusset. The blue fabric turned a bit darker in her crotch. Melanie realised she must be an idiot too. Why was she doing this? She didn't even felt her panties become wet or warm. In the video's the women constantly said it was so warm, wet en sexy to do. Melanie felt absolutely nothing. She remembered the last time she peed her clothes. That was in a swimming pool. That was a warm feeling, but perhaps that was only because the water in the pool was pretty cold.

But although the feeling was warm that time, it wasn't sexy. She just peed in the water because the bathrooms over there were very dirty and smelly. Melanie still looked at the crotch of her panties when the last drips felt in the pot. She kept on asking herself what it was that gave John apparently erotic feelings when watching this. And she also got the idea that the women in the movie were lying about that warm, wet and sexy feeling. Melanie washed out her panties and went to bed with mixed feelings and emotions. She couldn't live on acting like nothing had happened, like she didn't found the video's. She couldn't live with the idea that John was secretly watching the tapes while she was out of town. She had to confront him with that. It became a very long night without much sleeping.
