Polly
	(Female Desperation)
Author: The Jester (2011-07-25)

I remember this one night I was at a club and I met this absolutely gorgeous woman. I mean, she was a total fox. Her name was Polly. We hit it off basically at once. We had a few drinks together, we danced and during karaoke we sang a duet together.

When it was closing time she invited me to go home with her, no way would I pass this one up. However, when we got outside, her friend whose car they rode in announced that the battery in his car was out.

Her friend called Triple A and let on that they would be there in about half an hour. Polly started to have a sick look on her face. Then she said she should have used the bathroom inside. Just then, the bartender locked up and started for home. I then noticed her squirming a little more. It was like her need to pee was rapidly increasing, possibly from having one too many drinks.

After a few minutes, Polly had to go so bad she had tears in her eyes. She then started with 'If I don't get home soon I'm gonna pee my pants, I haven't had to go this bad in a long time.'. After a few more minutes, when there was no sign of the Triple A guy and Polly was about ready to lose it, I half-jokingly suggested she let go right in her pants. Surprisingly, she agreed, saying 'I may not have any other choice, might as well.'.

Within a few seconds, Polly took a deep breath and suddenly a huge gush of piss flowed down her dark slacks and hitting her shoes, not to mention leave a small puddle on the floor. It was dark out and with the color of her pants, it wasn't very visible. However, when her friend saw what she was doing, she started to laugh so hard she wet her pants also, giving her enough embarrassment and feeling ridiculous for laughing. So at this point we had two wet chicks in our company.

When the Triple A guy finally came and gave the car a jump, and we were ready to go, Polly's friend placed a towel under the backseat and she and the other wet hottie sat on top of it. I sat on Polly's other side and placed my hand on her damp crotch, felt so sexy. Polly started getting over her embarrassment and was even getting off on this. I stuck my finger in her wet cunt and played with it while she jacked me off as well. Polly whispered in my ear that she needed to pee again. I couldn't help but cum in my pants while I waited patiently to get to her home.

We finally made it to her apartment and Polly started to let on how turned on peeing her pants started to make her. She was speaking in an ultra sexy voice, which turned me on to her even more. She asked me if I wanted to see her wet herself again, I made it abundantly clear that I did. This time, it was a much longer piss than the one outside the bar. I couldn't help but cum.

