Chapter #02

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 08:59)

For the next few weeks, following my wet discovery at the Girl Scout camp, I was a mixed-up mess! The memory of what I'd done stayed with me almost constantly. My emotions kept bouncing between giddy excitement and a kind of disgusted guilt. You see I was raised a strict Catholic and firmly believed (at that time) that my bottom, and anything that came out of it, was filthy. That any feelings connected with that area were sinful. To touch it was a sin. To even think about it was a sin.

I had to even be careful, while bathing, not to rub it too long for fear of going to Hell! I knew that I'd done something horribly nasty…and enjoyed it…which made the sin all the worse. Add to that a willful act of masturbation and I just knew that my soul was doomed for all eternity. (My grandmother and the nuns had really done a number of my 12yr old mind.) I even tried to confess my depravity to the priest. But I just couldn't work up the nerve to admit to such a thing. Besides, I'd have to tell him that I wanted desperately to do it again, and again!

I finally had to confide in someone. So I broke down and told my best girlfriend what I had done (sort of). I told her I had accidentally wet myself in my sleep - and kind of enjoyed it…so much so that I'd actually played with myself…a little. She didn't seem very surprised. (We had already discussed boys and how babies were made, and even masturbation…mostly how boys did it.)

I told her how guilty I felt. She laughed at that. Not being Catholic, she was able to do things I wouldn't even think about. She was 13 and had two brothers. And, if I could believe her, they sometimes would masturbate in front of eachother. Also, I think she knew that it had been my first time doing that. She wanted to know all the details. But I was too embarrassed to tell. It was her explanation that really helped me gain a little, much needed, perspective. She got me to thinking about how just plain good it felt to pee. And about how (when a girl was really excited) she'd get all warm and wet down there. She told me that, when I woke up with my panties all warm and wet.

It was only natural to feel turned on. I said, “but it was pee!” She said that that was a little weird, but how was I to know, having just awoken. Truth is, the more we discussed the subject, the more excited I was getting. I could feel warm flushes coming up from my bottom…and I wanted to wet again! Anyway. I just blurted it out before I could stop myself. I told her that it had felt so naughty and good that I was almost constantly wanting to do it again. I know that I turned perfectly crimson. I wanted to run away and never face her again. But I just sat there (we were in my back yard) frozen in embarrassment. She started to giggle, then stopped, seeing how mortified I was. Then she got really serious and told me that, if it felt all that sexy, I should go ahead and do it…the Pope be damned. Those were her actual words.

Well, I did do it again…and again. And I even told her all about it. Later I suggested that she should try it as well. She told me that she already had, the same day I blurted it out! She said that it was OK, but that it really didn't do it for her. I was, of course a little disappointed. I would have loved to have an ally in my naughtiness. I hadn't discovered that I was bisexual yet. And it wasn't until I was nearly 14 that I realized that what I was feeling about her was actually sexual desire. By then, her family had moved away and we lost contact. Still, I'll never forget her and what she had done for me. (And, if by some wild chance Darlene, you should happen to read this, know that I would love to show you just how wonderful wet sex can be.)

I did go on to experiment with other wet fun. Often, especially at school, I'd “forget” to wipe after having a pee, and wear damp panties into my next class. (All very distracting and not much good for my GPA.) And I got to where, every time I take a bath, I'd purposely save up my pee and let it all go in the bath water. I also found myself enjoying the sound of girls peeing in the other stalls and wanted very badly to be able to watch them. I constantly fantasized about seeing boys pee. And on more than one occasion when babysitting, I'd sneak a peek. I even seduced a much younger boy into exposing himself to me and peeing. It got to be a regular thing with him during my 14th summer.

But I never saw him again after I talked him into peeing in his jeans. He probably got into trouble for it. I think he was about eight. Funny thing. I was very strongly aroused when he did it. Every time I'd remember him doing it (he really let go a huge gusher - soaked at least 60% of his levis), I'd get so randy that I absolutely had to masturbate. What was funny is the fact that it didn't occur to me to wet in myown levis until I was nearly 18. I mean I regularly pissed in my panties (or pajama bottoms) and brought myself to orgasm. And I even had a brief girl/girl affair (at 15), where we would wet our panties together and have fun. But I missed one of my most favorite turn-ons for three years. And I can't even say why?

Anyway, this has gone on long enough for now. Oh! Another fun wet thing I came up with at 15 was to go into the girl's room with my first “lover” (the girl above). We'd go into adjoining stalls and sit down to pee, without taking down our underwear. We would take as long as possible, taking turns peeing in slow spurts through our panties. Then we'd masturbate in them…loudly, if no one else was in the restroom. Once that was done, we'd stand, peel them off and exchange em under the partition. Then we'd put on the other girls peed-in and wanked-in panties and walked off to the rest of our day…getting hornier and hornier. When we got together after school and were able to pull them off eachother, the resulting sex was tremendous…and often included more wetting. I did not lose my virginity until I was 17. That was also the year I had my first experimental experiences with golden showers. But that's another story.
