Chapter #01

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 09:06)

Here is my very 1st ever account of my wetting experiences. (This will be a 1st installment and I shall try and keep things in chronological order.)

My first experimentations with wet fun began, much the same as many of you have related. When I was a little girl I used to play house and doctor with the other kids in the neighborhood. This, of course; inevitably lead to exposing our privates and demonstrations of how our plumbing worked. Now this was happening when I was between 7 and 10, so technically I was not exactly getting sexually aroused - no hormones yet. But I still recall feeling extremely naughty and truly enjoying that feeling! We used to do all the peeing for distance and into various containers things. One time I carried things a bit too far, when playing the baby in a game of house. I not only peed into the diaper my friends had put on me… I actually pooped in it too! I can remember feeling really sneaky and loving the feeling of my poop oozing from between my butt cheeks and gooshing into the cloth. Problem was noone would change me! And they never asked me to be the baby again.

Anyway, my first serious sexual feelings associated with peeing started when I was 12. One summer, on a sleep-out in Alberta with my Girlscout Troop, I found out that wetting was not just naughty. It was a turn-on! I awoke sometime shortly after midnight from a mildly erotic dream and realized that I had one hand in my panties. I was a little shocked, as I had not begun masturbating (at least consciously) at that time. When I withdrew my hand I discovered that my fingers were wet. I reached down and found that my panty crotch was damp, as well. I'm not sure what triggered the thought exactly.

I had not wet the bed since about six years of age. But suddenly I wanted to wet myself just as I had done when playing house. Perhaps it was just that I had to go, or maybe it was something to do with the dream. Anyway, the thought alone was exciting and I decided to try trickling just a little bit of pee into my panties. I looked around at the other girls in their sleeping bags to make sure that they were all truly asleep. I suddenly felt really naughty, even wicked. I was about to wet my pants right there among a bunch of girls that I'd known for a long time. If even one of them knew… I wasn't even sure why I wanted to do it. I just knew that I had to because of the exciting little shivers that I was experiencing.

Well, I tried and tried, but nothing happened! I knew that I had to go. I could feel the pressure of a rather full bladder. But I just could not bring myself to pee in my panties, nor in my sleeping bag! I must have tried for half an hour. I was flushed from the effort and from the tremendous state of being well and truly turned on for the first time that I could remember! I'd allowed my hand to return to my, by now very hot, bottom and was (purposely) rubbing myself. I was very aware of just how naughty I was being. It felt as if I was a quivering balloon swelling with heat and threatening to burst!

It was all very well, but I wanted to pee! And right there in my panties, among all those girls…not behind some tree! But I just could not locate my “go” button. Eventually I gave up and got out of my bag, very quietly, to avail myself of the bushes. When I reached a discrete distance from the group…but still in plain view in the bright moonlight, I pulled my panties down and squatted to pee. Just as the first drops trickled out I got a flash! I could still have a naughty bit of fun out there. It took a lot of concentration to stop, after trying to pee for so long. But I managed. I reached down and felt the warm wetness on my nearly hairless pussy and experienced a strong shiver! It was an amazing discovery, this simple pleasure that shook my so. I was still going to be naughty in my panties and that thought sent another shiver through me. So I quietly stood up and pulled my panties back into place.

I stood there in the moonlight in my t-shirt and panties and pictured myself going in my panties and the thought kept making my warmer and warmer, all over. And that balloon began to expand again. I practically felt as if I would be glowing in the night and attract the attention of the others. I guess I underestimated my need to pee. Because as I stood there marveling in those new and wonderful feelings I began to go. It was an all-of-a-sudden letting loose and I was caught off guard.

I didn't only wet the crotch of my panties as I had intended. I flooded them and made wide rivers down both inner thighs! I remember, to this very day, how the warm pee running down my bare legs tickled and excited me. I also remember the sound of my pee splattering into the puddle that was spreading around my feet, and praying that noone else heard. It was over as suddenly as it was had started. I was drained in less than 30 seconds…of pee that is! My act had flooded me with a rush of almost overwhelming sensuality. I started rubbing myself with renewed passion. 

But, suddenly, I felt very exposed, standing there masturbating through pee-soaked panties in the open. I remember looking back in some amazement, and no little pleasure, at the puddle I'd left shining there in the moonlight, as I sneaked back to my bag. I was shivering from the cool night air and from the excitement as I snuggled back into that bag. I began masturbating in ernest and had several little jerking orgasms (though I doubt that I recognized them for what they were).

But I still recall being overcome with several flashes of heat and fits of shaking at the same time. When I was finally sated and ready to sleep again, I found that I had just one problem. I had underestimated the amount of pee that I had brought back into the bag. In all the excitement I was unaware of just how soaked my panties were when I crawled back in. And, in the heat of my self-pleasuring frenzy I had not noticed just how wet my bag had become. I had to get out again and put on dry underwear. I threw my soggy panties way off into the brush and took a towel back into my sleeping bag to absorb as much as possible.

In the morning, as we aired our bedding, I kept looking around at my friends. I wanted to see if anyone notices the damp spot in my bag, or how different I was from when we turned in the evening before. I was a little disappointed, almost, that noone understood what I had done.

And I often wonder if anyone ever found those panties and just what they thought of em??? 
