Plumbing Problems

Author: Holditin

I gasped in and out, a sweaty mess, standing in front of the toilet with my penis still dripping out the last drops of the crazy piss I had just taken. My wife Shayla was sitting on the same toilet, also breathing heavily as the final remnants of piss fell out of her hairy vagina. We loved nothing more than holding our waters back as long as possible, and tonight this had resulted in a desperate stumble to the bathroom, where Shayla flung herself down on the seat and spread her legs wide, and I peed in between them while she peed normally.

Such a situation didn’t happen often, even with how often we held our pee, simply because we had developed bladders that were ridiculously large and strong. Plus our willpower was unmatched when it came to resisting the urges of our bodies to let go. As we made eye contact I had the desire to just have her right there on the toilet seat, but holding that desire back as well only made things hotter. I could tell Shayla was as horny as I was when she spoke to me, a bright shine in her eyes, “Daniel, I want to try something. We need to take this to the next level.

Our bladders are still too weak! They still need emptying, no matter how infrequent.”

“What do you have in mind, love?” I asked her. “We should not have to pee anymore. We are better than that, and our bladders know their job is only to hold, never to release. So let us try and live as if we do not need to pee ever. We will live as if our urinary systems do not exist and never pay our bladders mind. Do you like my idea.. .ohhhh it makes me so hot just thinking about it!”

My heart was already beating faster thinking of it, “Yes darling, I love it! From this moment on we are the couple that does not need to pee. Others may give in to such things, but never us. As you said, we don’t have kidneys or bladders anymore, so by that logic no pee should ever leave our bodies!” As we left the bathroom, hand in hand, horny beyond belief but resisting the urge to tumble over into orgasmic bliss, the clock struck midnight, signaling the beginning of our first day as a totally nonpeeing couple.

The next morning we awoke and Shayla needed to go to work. I had the day off, and planned to make good use of it. We each downed a few cups of morning coffee and of course neither of us even thought about using the bathroom for a morning pee. That was off limits now. I noted the slightest of bulges in Shayla's bladder region when she hugged me goodbye, and I probably had the same, but we were very well-trained and each felt no urge despite 8 hours of overnight holding.

As soon as Shayla left I made a few phone calls. I contacted a local home remodeler and a plumber and arranged for them to be at our house in a few hours time. Then I busied myself until noon, drinking normally and freely when I needed to. Both the remodeler and plumber arrived at noon and I informed them that I would like to have the bathroom in our house removed. I wanted the toilet uninstalled and removed, the plumbing sealed over and blocked off, and the room turned into a good-looking little decorative room to put things in.

Certainly there would be no more peeing in them, because, as I explained to the dumbfounded men, my wife and I were now nonpeeing and would not be needing such things as toilets in our house. The men were reluctant to follow through on this arrangement, but I padded their pockets with enough cash that they relented. Both men got straight to work while I sipped from a water bottle, and to my great delight they were finished with each room by 4:30, a half hour before Shayla was to arrive home. I paid them and they went on their way.

When Shayla came home I gave her a kiss and told her I had a surprise for her. The bulges in both our abdomens had grown now, as neither of us had taken a pee for 17 hours, but we still were able to act normally despite the ache of pressure on our sphincters. I led Shayla to the bathroom and showed her the improvements I had made.

I really didn’t know if she would approve of how seriously I had chosen to take this idea of hers, but then I saw her face gleaming with happiness, and she gave me a big hug and proclaimed, “Now that’s what I’m talking about! It makes perfect sense! We’re never going to pee again, so why have a room that’s only for peeing? Good thinking, honey.”

We decided to go out to eat that evening, had a great meal, and of course a few too many drinks with the food. By the end of the meal it was 9 pm and our bladders were both fairly distended. But still it was no problem for us to behave normally, and we left for home without even a glance at the restroom doors. I very much enjoyed when we returned home and got ready for bed, because we brushed our teeth in the mirror of our new non-bathroom and combed our hair and such, but peeing was out of the question, so we ignored our aching bladders and got into bed. 

There we made love, pushing on bladders, sweating profusely, and making sure to keep ourselves tense and alert so as not to trip over the edge and cum. One orgasm could make us lose interest in this game, if only for a short time, and that could be the end of it. After an hour of prolonged sexual teasing without relief, Shayla slid her gaping snatch off my throbbing hardon and we nestled into bed next to each other to sleep, 2 3 hours separating us from our last pee.

We woke up the next morning at 8 am, and immediately the pressure in my bladder was evident. And come to think of it, it had now been 32 hours since any pee break, so why not? I knew Shayla could feel it too, but she made a point to get out of bed normally, without a fidget or a gasp when she compressed her bulging bladder by bending over for something. 

And what a bulge it was, as our free drinking had caught up with us during the night. I also managed to resist any urge to give an outward indication of my condition, and we dressed and sat for breakfast, passing our non-bathroom on the way. That was the first true indication to me of how real it was now. 

Even if I wanted that morning pee, I couldn't have it. Shayla was first to bring our need up in conversation, stating, “You know, it sure is good that we’re nonpeeing now, because it saves a lot of time in the mornings! Look, we’re having breakfast 10 minutes earlier than normal!” I agreed, “Indeed, it’s so convenient not having to worry about bathroom stops anymore.”

We decided to go out for the day and enjoy ourselves, so we road tripped an hour to get to a nice mountain trail for a relaxing low level hike through the woods. Of course our canteens were full and we’d emptied a bottle of iced tea each on the way over. Instantly I knew we’d set ourselves up for a challenging day, because while our control was impeccable, it was beginning to get a bit difficult to walk normally with bladders this full and unrelieved. 

I saw Shayla poring over the map of our route, and she made a point to keep her legs uncrossed and well apart, and that filled me with confidence. Maybe we could really be nonpeeing after all. It had been 34 hours since our last relief, and still we were holding on just fine. Shayla was clearly confident in her abilities, and while I felt the ache of a full bladder in my gut, I knew I was nowhere near my limits, and my sphincter is rock solid on the worst of days.

We set out and walked for some hours, admiring the beauty of the nature surrounding us. We also ignored the increasingly desperate urges we were feeling as we emptied our canteens of water. A couple who had been hiking in front of us for the last hour suddenly broke from the trail after what seemed to be a protracted discussion, and a minute later we followed them with our eyes and saw that they had entered the woods to take some relieving midday pees. With her bladder bulging inches over her jeans, Shayla commented, “Gosh, it sure is good that we don’t have to act like them, isn’t it?”

“Oh yes,” I answered, “We aren’t ever going to do that. We’ll just control ourselves.” Shayla smiled and hugged me, her bladder compressing slightly into my side, but she made no move to cut the hug short because of it.

We found a clearing used for camping to have our lunch in, as we’d packed some food with us, and after more hours of hiking decided to call it a day and return to our car. It was 4 pm when we reached the car, and I saw Shayla making a deliberate effort not to flick her eyes in the direction of the public bathrooms located across from the parking lot.

I did the same, despite feeling the burning urge to let loose 40 hours of pee. We also might have gotten into the car a little more slowly than we’d originally exited it, but I convinced myself it was because we were tired from the long hike and not because our bursting bladders were hampering us. When we reached home at 5 pm, I could see Shayla was making a large effort to come across as calm despite the growing pressure she was feeling.

As she walked passed the non-bathroom in the downstairs of our flat, I heard her say to me, “Thank you again for remodeling the place. It reminds me that I don’t need a bathroom. Why would I, since we don’t have any in the house anymore?” 

My swollen bladder badly wanted release, but I also was loving this fantasy we were acting out. “Of course, my dear. I love knowing we’ll always be able to contain these pressures inside us. They won’t overwhelm our sensibilities like some other weaker individuals.” Shayla turned to me and managed to keep her legs spread without fidgeting as she answered, “Nope, that’s right, we have perfect control over our bodies. The call of nature does not call to us.”

We hung around the house for a few hours while the tension built, both trying to busy ourselves to keep from acknowledging the pressures in our bulbous piss holding tanks. Shayla was curled up reading a book on the sofa, while I went over some numbers for our latest bills on the dining room table. Every time I would notice my foot start to tap against the floor in desperation, I would consciously stop it. We weren't supposed to give away any sign of our desperation, because we weren’t supposed to have desperation. 

Around 7 pm I made a bold suggestion, “What do you say we go out and go clubbing tonight? It could be good fun.” I stopped myself from adding that it could be an extra distraction, and Shayla shakily rose from the sofa and agreed that it was a good plan. She walked with ever so slightly halting steps to our room to change into a sexy, tight black minidress, and I followed to put on some dressier clothes as well.

Shayla clenched her fists for a moment once the dress was on, and I could tell it was to keep herself from stamping her feet on the floor in desperation from how tight the dress was across her bladder. I sucked in a deep breath when I tightened my belt. But nothing was said of it, and off we went to the club.

Once there, we got some snacks and began to dance. Both Shayla and I love clubbing, so we stayed there until the wee hours of the night. We also got so into the music and atmosphere that we lost track of our drinking, and I could feel Shayla’s bladder expanding to epic proportions as she ground against me. I got a sharp pang of bladder urgency every time she would back her ass up into my crotch area and get close to me, but I resisted the urge to squeeze myself. I could tell that all the drinks and the bladder pain was having an effect on Shayla’s dancing.

She was bobbing around more and more, not dancing how she usually did, but to her credit she never once suggested a restroom visit. The only real trouble we had was when a slow dance song came on just after midnight, forcing us to stand erect and move slowly despite over 48 hours of piss pressing on our sphincters. It was one of the jerkiest slow dances we’ve ever danced, but we got through it and finally returned home at 1 am. When we passed the non-bathroom on our way to bed, Shayla gave a big grimace, and I saw her hand swipe by her legs and crotch just for a moment as she dealt with a particularly fierce urge to let go. Then we were in bed, and thankfully we had tuckered ourselves out enough dancing that we fell asleep in minutes.

When I awoke the next morning the pressure in my abdomen was unbelievable. I looked down and could barely believe the size of the bulge looking back at me. The mound of my bladder was so large that I could barely see over it to see my own penis. Shayla woke soon after and thrust her hands in her crotch for a moment before remembering and murmuring sleepily, “No, I don't need to do that....No peeing...”

With distended bladders threatening to burst at any moment, we sat and ate our breakfast. Neither of us could decide what to do today, and we both skirted around the main issue. We were in no condition to go out and about in public with bladders this size and pee pressure of this force bearing down on our tired sphincters, but if we stayed at home we had no toilet access. Eventually we decided to just grin and bear it, as I went into the living room to watch some television while Shayla went back to her book.

This lasted until noon, at which point there could be no doubt that as much as we wanted to call ourselves nonpeeing, we were going to need to break that vow eventually. It had been 60 hours since either of us had felt the slightest relief. I was bobbing my knees up and down and squirming on the couch, trying desperately to stay interested in the soccer match on TV and failing more than I was succeeding. 

Shayla alternated between pacing back and forth in the kitchen with her book in hand, oohing and ahhing every minute as she fought off another wave of urgency, and putting the book down on the table, bending over at the waist (which she somehow did despite it squashing her overfilled bladder even more), and reading while raising one knee, then the other.

We ate lunch, complete with choking down a 400ml glass of fruit juice each, then tried to settle on the couch to watch some movies. We ended up in a spooning position, and I had to keep my pelvis back ever so slightly to keep my obscenely bulging bladder from pressing into her back. I didn’t know if I could take that. Shayla was making every effort to live out her fantasy and resist squirming, but just by touching her and running my hands up her body I could feel the insane effort this was requiring. Halfway through the first movie the extra liquid took effect, as suddenly my bladder felt like it was on fire, stretched to capacity. With great determination I resisted giving my cock more than the slightest of squeezes, all the while watching as Shayla’s legs tightened more and more.

Her belly was now bulging, not just her abdomen. Her bladder bulge was so large it had swollen above her belly button at its highest point. Still we lay there, resisting, as one movie became two. By the third movie we were gyrating against each other, moaning and groaning from the immense strain of piss we were forcing our tired bladders to contain, but neither gave in and requested a bathroom break. And even if we did, there was no longer a bathroom in our house! We were powerless to do anything except hold longer.

After the third movie I ordered us some dinner. Neither of us were in any condition to do any cooking, and going outside was just asking for trouble. Our bladders were quivering as we tried to keep the place from turning into a flood zone.

At 7:30 the doorbell rang and Shayla hobbled over, bent slightly at the waist, to get it. To her credit, she only had to stop moving to clutch her thighs (but not between her legs) once. Our food had arrived, and we ate and reluctantly drank in relative silence, except for the occasional squeaks that were emanating from Shayla’s lips every so often.

I knew them well as a marker of total desperation for her, and still she did not give into the ridiculous need she was feeling, even to hold herself! What a woman! Her strength made me stronger, and I too managed to resist the urges washing over me throughout the dinner. Our bladders were absolutely bursting as we faked relaxing for a little after the meal, and at 9 pm, holding 69 hours of pent up piss between our shaking legs, Shayla and I entered our bedroom for the night.

I didn’t know how on Earth I was going to fall asleep with the mountain of a bladder resting on my abdomen. The desire to release, to give in, to let the urge to pee beat me once more, was strong. I looked over at my beloved Shayla in desperation, eager for her to say the words and let me have my relief. If only she’d stop this game, I could piss! Who cares about a toilet! I’d been holding 69 hours! My bladder was beyond rock solid. 

Shayla was rocking slightly, but again, I couldn’t believe her resolve considering our mutual hold time. Her bladder stuck out on her lower stomach like a bowling ball as she turned to me and quietly asked, “We’re supposed to be acting normally, right?” I was almost too desperate to care and give a proper answer, but I forced myself to consider the question and answered, “Yes, love. We are. Even now.” Shayla managed a small smile despite the obvious piss pain, then said, “Then let's have sex. Lay back, I’ll do the work.”

Never in my wildest dreams did I think that Shayla would say that. We were bursting to piss! Enormous bladders and ridiculous waves of piss urgency were sweeping us, threatening to make the pee bust out of us, passed our aching sphincters and onto our bed and onto the floor and onto everything, and Shayla wanted to make love. I had no choice, so I decided to try and enjoy it. Slowly, I laid back, and the new position hurt like hell, with my bladder stretching my abdomen to its breaking point. Shayla moved over me, positioned herself correctly, and without warning began sliding down over my hardness. I had the ultimate piss hardon, and she was taking full advantage. She was amazingly slick, and I knew she had not lost any pee.

She was just this turned on by our game! Or in her mind, by our new way of life. Once she had taken all of me, Shayla leaned forward until our bladders were touching, making me ache like hell. To be fair, she did not have to lean forward very far, such were the monstrous bulges we were sporting. Shayla began to bounce on me, first gently, then slightly less so, and the pain in my bladder steadily increased with each move, outweighed only by the incredible pleasure our bladder busting sex was causing me.

This was a step above full bladder sex. This was bursting, desperate, maxed out, full capacity, can’t hold another drop bladder sex! Soon Shayla began crying out as the tremendous amount of piss inside her began to torment her, to beg her to release it, while she still denied it and kept it in. I followed suit, my rock hard bladder barely able to take anymore. Yet still she bounced, and the pressure did nothing but increase. It was a steady slope upwards, ramping up the pressure, until there could be no doubt that it would rise above a point where our exhausted sphincters would be able to hold the pee back another instant. 

This sex would break us. I began squirming like mad as the urge to piss heightened. I could resist only with the last fringes of my willpower and muscle control. Even Shayla and her megabladder were having problems. Instead of a steady rocking motion, Shayla was now shuddering her knees together at every available moment, all the while still making love to me on my aching dick. I knew we didn’t have any longer to spare.

Shayla was oohing and aahing in agony to keep her bulging piss tank from gushing all over me. I felt if I let go that the pressure of my piss would be enough to launch Shayla off of me like a rocket. We had to stop. I moaned out, “Baby....baby! We have to stop....if we want to hold!” I thought she hadn’t heard me. It would be seconds more, and then that would be the end of it for both of us.

But then Shayla’s eyes opened and she gave a slight nod. The rocking motion came to a halt, just in time, and my loving wife gingerly rose off of me and sat down next to me instead. In a flash my cock was in my hand and my legs were crossed. It was truly the only thing keeping the dam from bursting that moment. I rolled over on my side and bit down on the blankets in agony as I fought to contain my load. Looking over, I saw Shayla was finally no better.

She was clutching for everything she was worth between her legs, her pussy caught in a vice grip, her bladder somehow still denied its copious relief. Apparently this did not help, because soon Shayla was scissoring her legs madly. As the clock hit 10 pm, she got up and began pee dancing, nearly running from one end of the bedroom to the other, in a last ditch bid to keep control of the pee inside her stretched, aching bladder.

And after 70 hours, she finally addressed it. “Babe, I will not be able to hold this longer. I...I...I do need to pee.” It was a stark admission, because it brought our game to its end. It was out there now. She had admitted her need. My Shayla could not hold forever. “I know,” I whispered back. “I refuse to go anywhere but a toilet, but we have no toilet here.” She continued. “I know,” I said again, pressing between my legs even harder.

“What shall we do?!? I cannot lose my load like this!” she groaned, finishing her thought even as another spasm wracked her aching body. To this I had no answer. I thought and thought, because I knew too that Shayla would not want to use a public bathroom, even under these dire circumstances. But no other thought came to me. “It is a public bathroom, or we hold.” I said in dismay. Shayla was resolute, “Then we hold.”

It was the most painful night of my life, but for my wife, I refused to break. She was the same, vibrating with need, bladder maxed out, pacing about at times, laying on her back or side at others, one hand almost always clutching between her thighs, but never giving up. We did not sleep, we could not sleep, such was the pressure we were containing. We tried pee dancing, we tried more sex, we tried mutual masturbation, we held each other, we even tried to do some tantric-style deep breathing to relieve our urges. 

Nothing worked. Everything seemed to increase the desperate pressure tenfold. But by morning, I had a plan. Sweating, aching, desperate, going crazy from the neverending pressure, I called the plumber at 8 am, 80 hours separating my wife and I from our last relief. Our bladders were beyond tormented. 

I had no idea how we could last seconds longer, but we kept finding just enough resolve to keep our oceans at bay, our floods shut in. As Shayla exited the bedroom to pace in bladder anguish, I arranged for the plumber to come in as soon as possible and reinstall our toilet. It was the only way out of this nightmare than ended with Shayla and I succeeding dryly.

By 9 am the plumber arrived, and when we opened the door for him he almost fell down in shock seeing the state we were in. “Please hurry!” Shayla demanded, jogging in place as a particularly nasty urge overcame her sensibilities. “We need that toilet now!” I told him, handing him a wad of cash up front. Seeing our utter and complete desperation, the plumber sprinted back to his truck, gathered his two associates, and hauled in our new toilet. Immediately they began the process of installing it and redoing the piping, while Shayla and I paced outside, going mad from the need to pee. 

“We can’t last! We need it! Faster!” Shayla kept hollering at the men as they worked. I took hold of Shayla’s hand and we pee danced together to keep the need at bay. The pain was so great I thought I would faint, and I could tell Shayla was even on her last reserves of sphincter energy. Our bladders were becoming uncontainable. The piss needed out!

It was 11 am before the toilet was successfully installed, but thanks to the work of the plumbing team, it was done before our bladder strength gave out. They left, and then it was only me, Shayla, and the toilet. We had done it! We had outheld every torment, every challenge to our sphincters, and had resisted until the toilet was finally available. I saw Shayla looking at it, and she gave it the same look a starving woman would give a juicy steak. Her legs were crossed and she squirmed and squirmed, looking at that inviting white bowl, the answer to her agonies. I was about to pull down my pants and let loose my flood when I heard it leave her lips, “I don’t need it....” She said it softly, to herself, in a fashion as though she was convincing herself of it. “I don’t need it....”

“I can hold it...”

“Yes...I can hold it...” The stream of words left her mouth even as she stood over the bowl, seconds away from the relief of her life. Sweat dripped down her face as Shayla waged a war of willpower within herself. 

“Darling....it’s over now. The toilet is right here.” I tried to reason with her, beyond desperate for my own relief. She looked at me, and it was like the first time she had ever seen me since the toilet had been put in, such was her focus on it. Shayla waved absentmindedly, “Just go. You can go. I don’t....I don’t need it.” 

She licked her lips as she said it. She so clearly did need it. Her bladder was a holding tank about to explode, her sphincter hurting and shivering and tired beyond all belief, and still my wife found the will to keep from immediately tearing down her shorts and setting herself on the toilet seat. I wanted to watch her fight herself for eternity, but her words had set me off. My bladder finally pulsed one time too many, and I began to spurt!

With haste I tugged down my trousers and my cock sprang out, gushing piss like a firehose. I pointed it at the toilet and sighed as my bladder torment ended after 83 hours. My stream was intense, and as I looked back at my wife, I saw her face scrunch up as she fought with herself to do just as I was doing. The sound and sight of my amazing flow was nearly overpowering her into submission. Her bladder could take no more. 

And still, still she would not cave. She grabbed her vagina with both hands and clenched up for all she was worth, willing herself to keep winning the unwinnable fight. Still her sphincter did not break. My crazy stream of pee ended after 5 minutes, and Shayla gave the toilet one final, longing look, eyes going mad with the strain, before walking out of the bathroom, still unrelieved, having conquered the ultimate temptation.

Epilogue

For one final hour my Shayla fought the need. She fought against nature and against her very body to keep from letting loose her tremendous piss pressure. It was the most desperate to pee I have ever seen someone. I did not know someone could be as desperate as Shayla was. Pissing dominated her mind, her thoughts, and it seemed, her very being. She was nothing but a pee holding machine for that last hour. She would not respond when I tried to talk to her, she would not eat or drink, she would only hold, and hold more vigorously as her bladder finally began to give out. Her spasming sphincter, pushed beyond all physical limits, began to rebel, fighting to spew out the piss it had been forced to contain for so long.

Her bladder squeezed and squeezed, trying to rid itself of the unfathomable load. With only her hands and her willpower left, Shayla fought her ocean back and kept it at bay. She was on the absolute verge of wetting herself and still resisted. With her holding muscles failing, and her piss crashing into her sphincter with greater and greater force, aided by a desperately spasming bladder eager to release the pressure, Shayla fought on to the bitter end. Amazingly, after a time, I actually thought Shayla would win. She had resisted so valiantly for so long, perhaps her willpower and bladder could not be defeated.

And as I thought this, the end came. It was noon, 84 hours without a single drop escaping her stretched and bulging bladder, and finally my dear Shayla could hold on for not a second longer. She felt the pressure surging to such heights that even her prodigious control could not hold the waters at bay any longer, and with a final yell of despair, she hobbled to the bathroom. Shayla sat on the toilet as I followed her in, and I witnessed the sight of her attempting to hold with just her muscles, legs spread and hands at her sides, after 84 hours. It lasted mere seconds, but watching her force her weary, depleted, spent sphincter muscle to hold on against all odds was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.

At last, the piss burst through her aching dam and spewed with fury into the toilet. For ten seconds, Shayla kept fighting, trying to mitigate the damage, but finally she accepted her fate as the pressure only increased after reducing to nearly a trickle for maybe a second, and she let go and let the pleasure of release wash over her tired, defeated body. Her stream rocketed out of her for 6 minutes at a high pressure, such was the load she had contained for so long. She was gasping for breath as I knelt beside her and assured her that it was ok, that sometimes even she had to pee. After many minutes Shayla assured me that she was alright, then added with a twinkle in her eye, “Baby, we need to call the plumber more often!”
