The Origins of Infinite Capacity-12

Author: Splashfics

12. Probing For Answers

Chandra couldn't tell what was going through Carmela's mind as they sat awkwardly in the waiting room. Despite it being new year's eve, they'd managed to get an appointment with Doctor Gray the very same day. She hadn't exchanged more than a few words with her aunt since morning and after a few short, silent minutes that felt far longer than they should have, it came as a relief to be called in for their consultation. This comprised a blood test, a manual examination of Chandra's abdomen and culminated in a pelvic scan using a method similar to X-ray. Carmela had insisted on not divulging all the details, lest they come across as lunatics and so when explaining why she needed a check up, Chandra vaguely advised that she'd been 'having a problem with prolonged urination.' Doctor Gray was a cheery, middle-aged lady and took her patient's vagaries in her stride, posing some questions in order to clarify her understanding.

‘Do you feel empty once you've finished voiding?’

‘Yes.’

‘Do you suffer any sensation of burning?’

‘No.’

‘And are you voiding a small or large volume when you go to the toilet?’

‘Erm... Considerably large...’

Chandra felt Carmela flinch...

Inevitably the doctor asked, ‘How long on average does it take to empty your bladder?’

Chandra hesitated, fearing her response may sound ridiculous, but although she could feel Carmela's eyes burning a nervous hole in the side of her head, she soldiered through and advised to the best of her knowledge, ‘Around half an hour to an hour...’

The doctor paused, a strange expression forming as if she was hearing what Chandra had said with a few seconds' delay. Glancing up from the clipboard on her desk, Doctor Gray raised an eyebrow. After a moment of consideration, her face grew grave.

‘This is quite serious, please try not to exaggerate. You're certain it's taking you this long?’

Chandra's ears and neck warmed as she felt a strange rush of adrenaline surge through her.

‘Yes, I'm certain.’

‘Well, that's rather concerning if you're experiencing difficulty passing the urine. Is it a very weak stream?’

‘No, I don't have any trouble at all. In fact, I can't even stop - it, basically gushes out the entire time.’

Silence followed. Doctor Gray wore a look of disbelief reminiscent of the guests' at the party on Sunday. She was beginning to comprehend the implications of such a claim.

‘I don't mean to upset you, Chandra, but frankly this strikes me as nothing short of preposterous!'

Making exasperated eye contact with Carmela, she continued.

‘It is however my duty as a medical practitioner to follow through with as thorough an assessment as possible. The results of the scan and blood test will be ready by Wednesday. I will arrange for you both to come back and see me in a week's time?

With that she brought the consultation to an end. It wasn't hard for Chandra to accept that the woman didn't believe her... Even Carmela still seemed to doubt that which she had witnessed first-hand.

‘You might have toned it down a bit, Sweetie...’

Carmela laughed grimly on the way home, still reeling somewhat from the look Doctor Gray had given her. Chandra apologised meekly.

‘It’s alright. I know it must be... difficult for you... Look, how about we see in the new year in more... low key fashion tonight, just us two. Of course if you don't have any other plans with your friends?’

Chandra immediately thought of Jade and she felt a hole open up in her stomach.

‘No... no plans.’

She looked up at Jade's window as they passed by their neighbours' house. Noticing that Jade's bedroom light was on, she asked Carmela if she'd mind her stopping by for a moment. She was desperate to make sure they were still friends and if possible, offload a bit of the billowing tension trapped inside. Carmela was more than happy to head home alone and she let herself in while Chandra nervously pressed the Wens' doorbell. After a moment, Jade's father answered. Andy Wen was typically straight laced and faced most days, but possibly due to her nerves, Chandra felt he looked particularly stern today.

‘Good evening...’ she muttered. ‘Is Jade home, please?’

Mr Wen’s expression didn't change, but he responded, ‘Good evening.’ In kind.

‘No, she isn't in, I'm afraid.’

His tone was final and unambiguous, leaving Chandra to wonder whether the light had really been on upstairs, or if she had imagined it.

Doubting herself and not wanting to push the point, she quickly accepted the man's word and made to hurry back home. On her way she glanced up again at Jade's bedroom window. The light was indeed on and this time someone was standing there, between the glass and curtain. Jade's silhouette stared down at the road.

‘What was Mr Wen talking about?’

Suddenly cheerful, Chandra waved at her friend, but immediately as she did, Jade shrunk out of sight. The smile slipped from Chandra's face almost as quickly.

Chandra's new year started in sombre style. While Carmela was back to normal and had regained her usual buoyancy, Chandra found herself plumbing new depths. A week had passed and she still hadn't heard from Jade, who had entirely disappeared off the radar. Her outlook was so gloomy that she was actually looking forward to her follow up consultation with Doctor Gray at the clinic.

Once again Chandra and her aunt found themselves sitting in the waiting room of the west London medical practice. Before too long, their number came up and Doctor Gray emerged to call them through, though this time her cheery disposition was much less apparent. She ushered them inside and sat them down, then came out with it right away.

‘Chandra, your bladder is not normal.’

‘Well, no surprises there!' the young girl thought to herself, a half grin forming on her face.

The doctor wasn't in a laughing mood though and produced the results of the pelvic scan she'd made the previous week. Drawing their attention to the plastic slides, she explained what she was talking about, using her biro to mark the slightly obscure outline of what appeared to be Chandra's grapefruit sized bladder sitting at the base of her abdomen. At least, Chandra thought it was hers.

‘This!' said the doctor, pointing at the greyscale organ, ‘Is a normal bladder?

The anonymous patient apparently had what was considered a bladder within the naturally occurring range. Shuffling the slides, Doctor Gray then produced a second scan, which they could only assume was Chandra's.

‘Chandra, this is the scan I took of your pelvis.’

The girl’s jaw slackened when she saw with her own eyes what her bladder looked like from the inside. Far from a grapefruit, it more strongly resembled a watermelon, ballooning out from behind her pubic bone. Seeing the image again — her face flushed once more with disbelief — the doctor explained that despite the unusual size of Chandra's bladder, she and her colleagues had been astounded to find no signs of distension. If they had, they would have called for an emergency catheterisation.

‘We're all flabbergasted to tell the truth. None of us has ever seen a bladder so big. You must make sure to empty it regularly to avoid infections and help reduce excessive voiding times, is that okay?

How many times per day are you voiding at the moment?’

It seemed that Carmela was interested in knowing the answer to this question too. Chandra was suddenly unsure what to say.

'I... d-don't...’ she stammered before the doctor moved along unabated.

‘Well, it's best to go between four to six times if you can, please. Absolutely no holding it in.’

Chandra kept her mouth shut and simply nodded. The results of the blood test were satisfactory and any form of diabetes could be ruled out, meaning there was no reason for undue concern. Carmela looked mightily relieved and they were free to go home, Chandra as a 'mere' medical anomaly.

Chandra 'the freak of nature' sat on her soft mattress in her third floor bedroom obsessing over what the doctor had told her earlier... Although it should have been obvious, it was astonishing for her to realise that there was indeed something inside her bladder and that it hadn't in fact disappeared. But this begged the question of why she was unable to feel any sensation of needing to pee. Her abdominal scan was taken just under twenty-four hours after her last visit to the toilet and a rough calculation told her she would have been holding at least three or four litres by then. She leant back on the queen sized bed and and unfastened the top button on her jeans... Lifting up her blouse to reveal her bare stomach, she ran her hands over it like she'd done underneath the table and on the toilet that night, however her skin didn't feel anywhere near as taut as it had then. On second thoughts this wasn't all that surprising. Chandra had seen herself in the mirror several times before and after Sunday night, yet hadn't noticed any difference whatsoever. Clearly there was a crucial detail she was failing to grasp...

‘Perhaps my bladder is condensing everything I consume into that watermelon-sized space... But then, what's actually happening during the full moon?’

A complete loss of muscle control had to be ruled out, seeing as she'd courageously managed to stem the tide to quite some degree.

‘It must be some change in the composition of my bladder...’

From an abject lack of any sensation... to a swollen, desperate fullness within moments. Chandra could only guess that the thick, superpowerful bladder she saw on her scan must lose its ability during that window.

‘That has to be it!’

No longer able to compress all the pee into that space, the true size of her bladder and all it contained would then become apparent, hence why her belly felt so full so suddenly...

She felt like she'd finally uncovered the workings of the mystery and almost contemplated skipping downstairs to fill Carmela in. Remembering soon after how little they had spoken over the last week, she quickly dismissed the idea as ridiculous and resigned herself to secrecy. Absent-mindedly, Chandra traced an oval over her belly, wishing she could share her discovery with somebody and soon dozed off. Before long, she was awoken by the front door bell. Carmela answered and Chandra, in a daze, was shocked to hear her aunt greeting Jade. Unsure what to make of this, she leapt up and opened her bedroom door to listen in.

‘Yes, she's upstairs. Chandra, Sweetie, it's Jade for you!’

Chandra's legs carried her as far as the second floor landing before she noticed her trousers were still undone. As she came to the top of the stairs she tried to fasten them before anyone saw her knickers, but Carmela, who started chuckling to herself and mumbling something about an 'eager beaver', had clearly caught a peek.

‘Erm, you can come up, Jade,’ Chandra advised, embarrassed and ran back to her bedroom.

Jade followed and closed the door behind her as she entered Chandra’s room, her timid eyes suggesting she was holding something back.

‘You... Don't have to wee, right?’ Jade asked out of the blue.

Chandra replied that she didn't, unsure what Jade was getting at, before the girl suddenly darted towards her and squeezed her with all her might.

‘I'm sorry for ignoring you the other day! I didn't mean it! I was grounded and I heard my dad say I wasn't there when you came over and my mum saw me at the window and made me hide because she didn't want Dad to look bad, but

I didn't want to and I've been feeling awful all week.’

Chandra had no trouble believing Jade's testimony and felt relieved, if not a little winded to hear her side of the story. Noticing the discomfort she'd caused, Jade stepped back apologetically.

'Er, so how are you, Chandra? Wh... what did your aunt say after, you know...’

Chandra knew Jade was referring to the last time they'd seen each other; Particularly as she'd lowered her voice.

‘She didn't really say anything, to tell you the truth... Was a bit shocked I think. Gosh, I had no idea how much commotion I'd caused?

‘Well it was the biggest, longest wee evert It was like... Oh my gosh, we were all hearing it downstairs and I knew you were bursting obviously, so I wasn't surprised to begin with, but then when you didn't stop, or slow down or anything for like, the next ten minutes, I couldn't believe it. No one could! Then it just got crazy long and your aunt was panicking and we had to leave. That was after about forty minutes, I think. But it didn't sound like you were finished when I went home... Ugh, I can't take it, Chandra! How can you go like that? How long were you holding that in— since you were born?’

‘Not quite that long!’ laughed Chandra. ‘Still, you probably won't believe me if I tell you the truth...’ ‘Chandra, I heard you take an hour-long wee. At this point, I'm ready to believe anything!’

‘I suppose you have a point... Well, you see...’

Chandra took a deep breath, then began pacing the room.

‘Last year, something strange happened to me. I sort of realised I could hold my pee for as long as I wanted... That's to say, as much as I drank and as much time passed, I didn't need to go to the toilet... for something like an entire month... until, one day... everything I drank, it... all came out... What you heard wasn't the first time I've peed like that, although it was definitely the most... It seems to happen when the moon is full?

‘What... What's the moon got to do with it?’

‘No idea, but I'm convinced it's connected?

‘That's so scary! Oh my gosh, what was it like when you first found that out? What do your friends at home say?’

Jade's face was a picture. She took a seat on the bed and watched intently as Chandra continued to pace the room.

‘The first time? Um... it was really embarrassing... I actually wet myself...’

Chandra blushed and hurriedly moved onto Jade's next question.

'And er... You're the first person I've told. Let's just say my other 'friends'... weren't very kind?

‘No way! They were probably jealous... I wish I could hold my pee for a month! Gosh, it must feel amazing letting it all out..?

Chandra grinned.

‘Now you know why I'm always thirsty! In fact, I fancy a glass of water... Would you like one?’

Jade agreed and now feeling a lot better about herself, Chandra went downstairs to fetch the jug... Not wanting Carmela to become suspicious over excessive beverages, she hoped it would simply appear that she was being a good host. Either way, she didn't hang about and returned as quickly as possible.

‘So now I’ve told you all my secrets, how come you were grounded, Jade? What did you do?’

Handing Jade a drink, Chandra sat on the other end of the bed.

‘It's too embarrassing...’

‘Oh it can't be any worse than wetting yourself... in front of your friends... twice"

‘I don't know, Chandra. I think this might beat yours.’

Jade appeared to be recalling the event in question with some discomfort, which only made Chandra all the more intrigued. Moved however by her neighbour's own openness, Jade decided to spill the beans.

‘Okay... Well, that night when I got home after the party, I was in a weird mood... I wanted to do a really, really big wee because you sort of inspired me, so I drank loads of tea and water. I went to my bedroom and tried to hold it for as long as I could before going to the toilet, but this time, since I wanted it to be as big as possible, I tried everything to last longer and eventually I was using my hands to, you know...’

Jade made a damming gesture to illustrate what she meant.

'I always do that when I'm holding on my own and the pressure always feels really, really good, you know? But then I...’

‘What?’ asked Chandra.

'I started rubbing it a bit... and then I got carried away and couldn't stop, because, obviously..!'

Chandra bit her lip and leaned in closer without even realising. Jade was usually quite open, but she'd never gone into this much detail.

‘But... when it came to that moment, I felt like some pee might escape and I took off my undies, but I didn’t want to stop, or go to the toilet, so I took a risk... and I don’t need to tell you how that turned out, otherwise you would have seen me before today.’

Chandra cupped her mouth as they both laughed bashfully.

‘But that's harsh. Why didn't you just change the sheets? Hide the evidence?’

‘Well, the thing is, I couldn't stop, Chandra. You should've seen it! I mean, it wasn't nearly as crazy as yours, but it felt really good... and it went everywhere!'

‘Everywhere?’

‘Over the sheets, over my dress, the floor... the ceiling..!'

‘The ceiling? Wow!'

‘Yeah, long story short, I made a big mess and couldn't clean it up before Mum came in after she heard me panicking. Gosh that was probably the most embarrassing thing that's happened to me in my whole life. She actually threatened to send me away to an insane asylum!’

Jade cringed and Chandra placed a consoling hand on her shoulder.

‘Well, I know you aren't insane. But you do need to find a better place to do these things! Or at least wait until you're home alone!’

‘What, like you did?’

Jade flashed a mischievous grin.

‘It was the full moon, I couldn't help it!’ Chandra laughed, snatching up a pillow and throwing it playfully.

Jade returned it with no extra animosity, then suddenly struck by curiosity she asked.

‘When is the next one, do you know?’

‘I imagine it's this month, but I haven't checked...’

Chandra went over to her calendar and scanned the top page, quickly locating the celestial event which would fall on the twenty-eighth of January.

‘It's a Thursday... Gosh I hope I can get out of class in time!'
The Origins of Infinite Capacity

Author: Splashfics

She started fretting over the details and bit her knuckle. Both girls remained silent until Jade, who was also biting a knuckle piped up.

‘Where are you going to do it? Are you going to come back here?’

‘No, I really don't think I can risk going in the house again..!’

Chandra realised her options were few, but after what Jade had told her about Carmela, she wanted to avoid any further assaults on her aunt's sanity.

‘It'll have to be out somewhere. Maybe a shopping centre or something?’

‘I'll help you look!’ Jade yelped.

Chandra could tell from her voice that she was desperate not to be left out this time and she couldn't help but smile. Whether it had been sharing her big secret, or hearing Jade's own embarrassing confession, Chandra felt more comfortable than ever with the idea of Jade tagging along.

‘Yeah, sure. Thanks, Jade.’

Jade's face lit up.

‘Let's make it the best one yet!’ she smiled and a moment later she was pouring a glass of water and thrusting it into Chandra's hand.

Her enthusiasm was almost scary, but Chandra was happy, because she finally knew without a shadow of a doubt that she was in good company. Feeling ever so giddy, she raised her glass and made a toast.

‘Here's to a really, really, really long wee!’

‘I can drink to that!’ laughed Jade as she poured herself a glass as well.
