Afternoon at the Opera

Author: Fluidity (2001-12-08 at 09:24) #26625

Long before I knew what watersports was I fantasized about helping a woman who was faced with an overpowering need to relieve her bladder. A recent incident inspired me into this flight of fancy. I hope you enjoy it.

###

It was one of my favorite operas; I felt quite fortunate that I was able to get a seat on such short notice. It was a side box so the sight lines were not good, but the sound should be just fine. I had not sat in one of these boxes before and was surprised to discover that it was a small area with two freestanding seats that could be moved around. Given the sharp angle from which we must view the stage, it will be an advantage to move the seat to give the best view. I took the seat further from the stage. The seat to my right was empty.

Curtain time approached and my box companion had not yet arrived. The house was full so I did not expect that the seat would be untaken. Suddenly the curtains parted and in walked a young woman who, on first glance, was lovely beyond expectation. She was smartly dressed in a black business suit with short skirt, white blouse unbuttoned sufficiently to reveal a hint of cleavage, and jacket. She had curly, even frizzy blonde hair, and as she turned and smiled in response to my greeting I could see the loveliest large blue eyes. Her name was Marina; I told her mine, Flu, after the Romanian, Fluidunescu, meaning swiftly flowing.

In the few pleasantries we exchanged before the houselights dimmed I could detect a slight accent, but her English was otherwise perfect. Throughout the first act I tried not to be distracted but it was so easy to let my eyes glide from the stage to her lovely face and delicate figure. Her legs visible from several inches above the knee were slender and appealing, and she kept them tightly locked together, an action, which made me … think of other things.

When the act was over I leaned over to her placing my right arm on her seatback and softly touched her right shoulder, “Please join me in the Metro Room; we can relax and have some free coffee.”

“That would be fine,” she replied.

The Metro Room was one of the ‘perks’ I get for giving money to the Opera Company, but I rarely have such pleasure in using it as I did here this afternoon. After bringing Marina a cup of hot tea (tea goes right through me, I thought to myself), I saw that the light flooded the room and flooded Marina’s beautiful face (I had established her name). She was from Russia and had been in this country four years. She left Russia because of “disappointments,” whatever that meant. She was a physician upstate and was on temporary assignment in New York City.

“I’m a urologist,” she let drop when I inquired of her specialty. “I’m surprised,” I said; “I have gotten the, perhaps incorrect, impression that men are in most need of urologists.”

“That’s true but women need us occasionally. I’m not denying that most of my patients are men.”

“I bet you get a lot of repeat business,” I said with a wry smile, hinting at her obvious beauty as I continued to gaze into her eyes. She blushed and lowered her head, but countered, “If I do my job, and I am good at it, they don’t have to return.”

As we continued our conversation my eyes drank in her soft beauty. She appeared shy but spoke boldly when she did; her lipstick was one of those whose presence was almost unnoticeable; her makeup was very light. Those big blue eyes needed little enhancement to enchant. And she kept her legs tightly locked; several times she glanced around the room as if she were … looking for the ladies room.

At the moment when my experience told me that the line for the single stall ladies room off the Metro Room would be at its longest I leaned over to her as if I needed to say something privately. “If you are wondering, there is a rest room over there through that door.” I gazed into her eyes as I said this. When I said ‘rest room’ her eyes spread and her lips parted. I continued, “I should have said this earlier. You don’t have much time.”

“I think I had better. Excuse me.”

With that she headed to the hallway. I got up and stretched my legs and wandered over to where I could peer into that hallway. As I expected, she was at the end of a line of at least nine women. There was no way that she would make it. Then I heard the telltale chimes signaling the start of the next act; the lights in the Metro Room flashed off and on several times. Marina scurried over to me. “I’ll wait until the next intermission.”

“Will that be a problem?” I inquired helpfully. She looked up at me with this strange look in her face, her lips parted, a faraway look in her eyes; there was concern in her face, no doubt about it. She was standing with her legs and thighs tightly locked. “I think … I think I can make it.”

“Let’s go, then,” and I reached down and took her hand firmly in mine; she grabbed hold as if it comforted her, and we walked back to our box, once passing a men’s room that looked to be empty. I saw her glance at it wistfully. When we took our seat she crossed her legs for the first time and ever so slightly moved them back and forth. If her need for relief were getting urgent, the ninety-minute second act would not be pleasant. She conversed, however, as if there were nothing the matter. She laughed and smiled and for all the world appeared to be having a wonderful time, enjoying the attention her beauty deserved. I certainly was enjoying her, and I knew she could tell, for there is no hiding it when a man is swept away by a woman’s beauty and charm.

At one point I said, “Marina, I know you would have preferred to visit the rest room during the intermission. I hope you don’t get too uncomfortable waiting during this act.” She looked down, smiled, and seemed to be blushing. Then she raised her head and looked into my eyes, “Well, I’m already uncomfortable. But I’m usually pretty good at this. I don’t expect you will mind if we make the ladies the first stop at the end of the act.”

“It will be my pleasure,” and I reached over and took her hand, raised it to my lips and kissed it. It was a totally unexpected act on my part and I still don’t know why I did it but it seemed the thing to do to show my sympathy with her need. As it turned out she put on quite a show during the act.

The first part of the act she got by with her legs tightly crossed and slightly rocking them together. Occasionally, however, she would take a big breath of air, tense up as if her bottom suddenly flexed and caused her body to rise two inches. A rapid rocking back and forth usually followed this, as if she very much needed to wake her tiring sphincters. Once or twice she took her hand, the one away from my side of her seat as if she did not want me to see it, and pressed it to her lower abdomen as if she were feeling how hard her bladder had become and, hence, how filled it was.

At one of those moments considerably into the act she gave out a soft gasp; I reached over and took her left hand and held it gently in both of mine. She glanced over to me and there was real worry in her face. I leaned over to her cheek and said softly, “You are waiting much too long, Marina. This must be quite painful.”

“Well, yes, it is. But I’ll get to the end of the act. Then I must run.”

“I understand. Let me know if there is anything I can do.”

“You are so sweet; thanks.” With that she straightened up and gazed at the stage. How she could concentrate on the music I had no idea.

By the end of the act she could not stay still. Every muscle in her body must have been flexing. As the curtain began its slow descent, she turned to me and squeezed my hand very tightly, “God I need a bathroom quickly.”

“Let’s go,” I said and I sprang up. She, however, remained rooted to her chair. “Wait a second… I can’t stand up right now.” She was passing some wave of urgency and needed to combat it sitting. She slapped her thighs together several times, took a big breath of air, and stood up. “Hurry; I can’t wait. Oh, God!” was all she said. She was standing as if she were drunk with her thighs tight and her lower legs spread out. I was so aroused at her predicament that I was afraid that I would squirt before she did. She got down the few steps from our box and began to walk toward the lobby; suddenly she stopped and had to curtsy. When she did this she stretched her arm out instinctively to have me stop but her hand ran right into my rock hard cock. When she finished her curtsey she turned to me with a wild bright look in her eyes, “This turns you on?”

“Marina, I have no control over what my body does ‘down there.’ Please don’t think that I wish you discomfort or embarrassment,” I lied baldly. Her discomfort was intensely arousing but never would I want her publicly embarrassed.

With her staying in her seat and her curtsies (there were several more), by the time we got into the lobby the line to the women’s room was immense. When she saw it she grabbed my arm, leaned over to me and said breathlessly, “Flu, I can’t wait in that line. I can’t wait at all. I have got to urinate immediately. I’m sorry, I had no idea what I was getting myself into,” and I saw her gorgeous blue eyes well up and begin tearing. I thought furiously; what can you do in a huge opera house? I considered hustling her into the men’s room and hoping for a stall, but I don’t think she could have done such a thing.

The utility room! I remember a short dark dead-end hallway with a door to a utility room where they keep mops and … a bucket! I was shown it one day by I former girl friend; we needed a place where we could neck during intermission; that’s another story. If only I could remember where it was. I turned to her, “Marina, Sweet Girl, I’m going to take you to a place where you can relieve yourself. It won’t be elegant but it will be private.”

“Anything, anything. I don’t want to flood my pants at the Opera House.” At that she took another curtsey and rubbed her thighs rapidly together, putting on quit a show for a few people who noticed. I grabbed her hand and found the hallway. I looked around and pulled her in. “I can’t go here!” she said, thinking that I wanted her to squat in the hallway with no door to it. “Not here, Silly Girl; here!” and I opened the door to the tall utility room and pulled her in. The light went on when we entered. It wasn’t much bigger than a closet. The single light bulb about fifteen feet above gave out very dim light, but it was enough to see.

“I’m sorry but this is the only thing I could think of. You can piss into this bucket.” Marina was now stamping furiously from foot to foot. I grabbed the bucket, fortunately empty, and removed the dry mop from it. “Do you want me to leave?”

“NO! I’ll never be able to do this without you.” She was already hiking up her black skirt to her waist showing off her tight ass cheeks through the pantyhose and knickers. “You are going to have to keep me from falling over. I can’t sit on that bucket; it will be too uncomfortable. Oh, My God, I have to piss!! There must be a bowling ball’s worth down there.”

Suddenly she pulled down her pantyhose and knickers in one smooth move revealing the loveliest blonde muff; so she was a natural blonde! I put my two hands under her armpits and helped support her as she lowered her ass to the bucket. My legs were widely spread so I could go down with her and not have to lean over and put pressure on my back. Her two arms were holding her skirt up and finding the bucket. My face was about three inches from hers. It was an amazingly awkward position for both of us.

“Oh, there.” She said. Silence. More silence. “I can’t go. Lord, it hurts like hell but I can’t relax.”

“You will have to admit that this is a rather unusual way to urinate, don’t you think,” and I smiled. Her face changed from painful worry to slight smile and, as before, she lowered her head and blushed. “I could never imagine being in this position. Oh, I think its coming.” She raised her head and I could hear drop, drop, drop into the bottom of the bucket. The drops came more frequently over about a fifteen second period and then there was a tiny trickle. The noise from the bucket was amazing for it acted like a loudspeaker pointed up directly into our ears. Once the trickle began it was not more than ten seconds that it became a raging, gushing fire hose of piss blasting into the bottom of that bucket, making enough noise to awaken the dead. Then as soon as the bottom of the bucket was covered, the stream raged into Marina’s hot piss and we heard the foam cover the surface of urine and muffle the noise.

Marina looked at my eyes that were both locked onto hers. “You can’t believe how blissful this is.” Then she looked down and saw my cock was still obviously in full erection. “He’s still enjoying it, is he?”

“I’m enjoying helping an enchanting woman relieve her pain and discomfort,” and at that I leaned over and kissed her lips; she helped. Her stream never hesitated, but kept up full force. As my lips moved to her cheeks and her ear and neck, I whispered, “How much can you hold down there? A gallon?” She laughed softly. “I don’t know whether it is a blessing or curse, but I’ve always been able to hold more than anyone I know. I haven’t whizzed since about 5AM this morning when I got up. It’s just easier to hold it since I know I can. This came upon me unexpectedly.”

Her stream was losing pressure after a very long piss. It turned into a soft trickle that continued for quite a while. Suddenly it stopped and she gave three or four strong squirts. I had been thinking ahead and reached into my jacket pocket where there was some clean tissue. “Can I help you wipe off the sea spray, Ensign?” She smiled broadly and said, “Yes, Captain. The storm is over.”

“Such beautiful rain, though, wasn’t it?” I softly wiped the lips of her vulva and then reached to touch her clit with my finger as I took another kiss. I heard her sigh; her clit was very slippery, and not from urine. “Not now, Flu, but that felt heavenly.”

We awkwardly got to our feet. She pulled up her undies and lowered her skirt. “You were a lifesaver. I was about to die of pain.”

“My pleasure, Darling.” I stole another soft kiss, which she willingly surrendered, and we walked out into the brightness of an Autumn Afternoon at the opera.

