Desperation on the Bus

Author: J.E. Hart

I ran across the street in a desperate attempt to reach the bus before it left without me. My sister would kill me if I ended up on her doorstep at midnight instead of this afternoon.

The second I sat down, I had to cross my legs.

If only I had a chance to pee before I left, I thought.

Hindsight's 20/20,1 guess, but it really wasn’t helping my bursting bladder to think about what I could have done instead.

I jiggled my crossed leg and stared out the window, emitting a sigh as I tried to lean back and release the tension in my shoulders. As soon as I did, I felt a pang in my bladder and had to lean forward again. Relaxing was the last thing I could do at this point.

If I knew how long it was going to take to get to my sister's city, I would have felt better. But my sister had told me that this bus’ timetable was always off and to not rely too heavily on it.

Usually, I drove to her house, but with my car at the mechanic and a previous commitment to babysit my nephew while she and her husband went on a date night, I was forced to take this bus.

The one thing I was grateful for in this moment, while my bladder ached and I held back the flood that was sitting right at my urethra begging to be let out, was that no one else was sitting next to me.

I managed to get a quiet spot in the back corner of the bus where no one could see me bouncing my knee and shifting every few seconds.

And then my luck officially ran out for the day.

The next stop the bus came to a slow, painful, halt at, a young woman about my age boarded and started to make her way to the back. I quickly lowered my head and kept my eyes on my phone, pretending to be looking at something on it. If I made eye contact with her, she might think it was okay to sit next to me.

I mean, technically it was okay. She was free to sit wherever she wanted, but my usual friendly, bubbly self was being suppressed by my desperate-to-pee self and I wanted to seem as unwelcoming as possible.

Of course, of fucking course, the girl sat down right next to me. I tried to stop moving my legs, but I realized the moment I stopped, I would be in trouble. I hadn't leaked yet, but I felt a pinprick of a drop right at my pee hole. If I let that out, I would open the floodgates for the rest of the massive volume of urine I was holding back.

I really, really regretted that second cup of coffee I’d decided to treat myself with this morning.

“Amy?”

I lifted my head and looked over at the girl who had sat down next to me. Instantly I recognized her.

“Katie, right?”

“That’s right!” Katie smiled.

Katie Mershon was in one of my classes at college. I didn’t know her well, but she seemed really sweet. It was a shame that we had to meet again with me in this situation.

Katie started to talk to me, but I didn’t hear a word she said. I was too busy concentrating on not pissing all over myself, the bus seat, and her. After what was probably a few minutes, she suddenly stopped and furrowed her brow.

“Is everything okay?”

“Huh?” I jerked my head up to look at her. “Oh, yeah, I’m good.” I gave what I hoped was a convincing smile.

Great, she's noticed.

The only thing I could do to prevent Katie from noticing how much I was squirming was take my bag and set in on my lap so I could discreetly hold myself under it. I was able to press my fingers into my pee hole from the outside of my jeans, and the relief in pressure made me want to cry.

“So, anyway, I explained to the professor what happened and she got it all fixed for me. She’s actually super nice. Really helpful, y’know?”

“Yeah, yeah, she is,” I replied quickly. I had no idea what Katie was talking about, but I just guessed that it was something to do with the professor we shared.

“I like her teaching style too. I had this one professor last semester who, no matter what he said, I didn’t get any of it. I passed the class, but I honestly think that if I’d had a different professor or maybe some extra help, I would’ve done a lot better.”

“For sure,” I said, nodding my head. “My freshman year I had a couple professors like that. Nice enough, but not really what I needed to do

I stopped talking as I felt a warm, damp sensation on my fingers.

No, no, no, no! This can't be happening!

I squeezed my hand on the crotch of my pants even tighter and screwed my face up in concentration. It was so embarrassing, and the color quickly rose in my cheeks, but wetting myself on the bus would’ve been ten times more embarrassing.

After what seemed like an eternity and I finally had my bladder under control again, I forced myself to return to the conversation.

“Sorry, what was I saying? Oh, yeah, I had some professors that weren’t the type I needed to do well in certain classes.”

I couldn’t bring myself to look at Katie. I was sure I looked like a hot mess: my cheeks were bright red, I was probably sweating, and my legs were twisted up like a pretzel.

Outward appearances were one thing - and they were bad - but at this point, my bladder was so full, I wanted to jump up, run off the bus, and rip my pants and panties down and just let my stream go.

It felt like I had a water balloon filled to popping point where my bladder was. I couldn’t stand it much longer.

Unfortunately, Katie felt the need to keep talking. I couldn’t concentrate on a single word she was saying anymore unless I wanted a stream of pee to start running down my leg, so I just nodded my head and said, “Mhmm,” every few minutes. It seemed to work well enough.

My bladder problem was getting worse by the second now. I uncrossed my leg carefully and squeezed my thighs together. It helped a little, but nothing seemed to help as much as my hand when I first started holding myself.

My muscles were growing weak. I was holding in too much pee and it all had to go somewhere - which was looking more and more like it might be in my pants.

I checked the time on my phone and clenched my jaw. I would’ve been at my sister’s by now if only I’d been able to drive my car. I could’ve stopped at a reststop ages ago if I were in my car!

The mere thought of relieving my poor, overfull bladder caused a spurt to escape from my clenched pee hole. I inadvertently gasped and scissored my legs up and down underneath my bag to stem the flow.

I was sure I had a visible wet patch on the crotch of my jeans now. I wished I had worn black pants instead of light blue, which showed everything.

I wanted to check, but I just couldn’t with Katie sitting next to me. As soon as I decided to sneak a glance over at her, her phone buzzed and made me nearly jump out of my skin.

This was bad. Very bad. Katie had a phone call and was preoccupied now, but I could hear the steady hiss of piss leaking out onto my jeans and the bus seat.

Please stop, I begged my bladder silently. This can't happen here. Come on, Amy! Just hold on a little bit longer.

I jammed my hand so tightly into my pussy it hurt, but there was nothing else I could do if I didn’t want a huge mess everywhere and total humiliation.

I glanced out the window to see where the bus was and recognized where we were. If all went well, I would be at the bus stop I needed in about ten minutes. But then there was the walk down to my sister’s place, which would take another 15 minutes.

I couldn’t walk with my bladder like this. At this point, I didn’t think I could even stand up straight. I would find out soon.

I fanned my legs back and forth in both an attempt to hod in my piss and to dry the wet spot on them as quickly as possible. My fingers were a little wet from my last leak and I could feel the wet spot. It didn’t feel too big, but it might be noticeable from the back if I ended up having to walk hunched over.

The minutes ticked by, each one seeming to take longer, and longer, and longer, until finally I saw the stop I needed to get off at looming up ahead. The slight relief of seeing that milestone in my agonizing journey made my bladder leak again.

This one wasn’t as bad as the last leak, but it was enough to re-warm my jeans and hand, undoing all the effort I’d put into trying to dry my pants. I squeezed my eyes shut and concentrated on keeping the leak stopped.

It was only a dribble that had come out, but that just opened my weak muscles up to more leaks any second.

The bus came to a slow, squealy stop and I mentally steeled myself to stand up.

“Hey!” Katie was off the phone now and she had turned toward me. “This is your stop, right?”

“Yeah, it is,” I said, hoping she didn’t keep me so long that the bus started driving again.

“I was thinking maybe we could get a study group together for the class we’re in. Would you be interested in that?”

“Oh, uh, yeah, that’d be great.” I probably would have been happier-sounding if my bladder wasn’t about to explode.

“Cool. Can I get your number? That way I can add you to a group text once I see if I can get a couple more people interested.”

I sighed and took the phone Katie handed me with the hand that wasn’t shoved into my pussy. After struggling to tap in the numbers with one thumb, I handed Katie’s phone back to her.

“Want mine?” she asked.

“Don’t worry about it,” I said quickly. “Just text me when I get a chance and I’ll know it’s you.”

She nodded. “Got it. I’ll text you once I get service again. It’s really bad through here for some reason... that’s why I had to get off that phone call. It was breaking up and I couldn’t

“I’ll see you later, Katie!” I called, moving my hand away from my crotch, grabbing my bag, and jumping up.

I was about to miss my chance to get off the bus.

My heart pounded as I squeezed out the door and jumped onto the sidewalk. The force from jumping down onto concrete jostled my bladder, which was already shocked by my sudden panic a few seconds ago.

Now that I was alone on a small neighborhood street, I could dance and jump around all I wanted. I desperately needed to, because my bladder was throbbing and there was a thin, steady stream of urine running down my pants leg.

I didn’t want to think about it, but I knew my panties had to be soaked through. I didn’t have any spares with me - I didn’t have any extra clothing, which wouldn’t normally be a problem since I wasn’t staying the night at my sister’s, but now I was beginning to wonder what I would do if I did wet myself.

With my legs crossed, knees bent, and my fingers pressed firmly on my pee hole, I looked around frantically for a place I could maybe pee. There were no real alleyways around here, at least none that were secluded enough or not by people’s houses that I could just squat down in and piss.

My next thought was to run behind a bush. At this point, I was pulsing my knees up and down and whimpering. I couldn’t stand still even for a second or I would burst.

“Come on,” I encouraged myself. “There’s gotta be a way out of this.”

My sister did live near a park, but that was still a 15-minute walk away. I was pretty sure that was the only real park in this city, and I honestly didn’t have time to go searching for any others. I was better off just shuffling down the street until I made it to my sister’s house where I could pee in a toilet.

A toilet... God that sounded good right now.

The last option I wracked my brain for was that I could knock a friendly-looking house’s door, pray someone was home who would let me in, and ask to use their bathroom. Anyone could tell it was an emergency, what with my posture and the thin dark line that now went all the way from my crotch down the inner leg of my jeans.

But that was so embarrassing. I didn’t want to put myself through that. If I felt like I couldn’t hold it for one second longer - one - I would give that a go, but I couldn’t guarantee it could work anyway.

I bounced up and down for a second, digging my hand in tighter before starting my way down the sidewalk. I probably look ridiculous walking with my thighs clenched together, the toes of my shoes turned inward and practically touching, and the look of worry etched on my face. I didn’t care anymore, and there was no one around right now anyway.

Until there was.

Up ahead a few yards, a saw an older man walking his dog. I decided that I could straighten up and walk normally past him, duck down a side street, and assume my holding position again.

That proved to be way more difficult than I anticipated. As soon as I straightened my back, my bladder felt like it was being stretched beyond belief. I visibly winced in pain and placed a hand carefully over my bladder bulge, which was huge by now and was pressing into the tight waistband of my jeans.

Now I had to remove my hand. I quickly found that it was going to be impossible unless I wanted to full-on pee the entire time I walked past this stranger.

I took a deep breath and walked quickly forward, separating my legs and sucking up the pain of using only my hand and pelvic muscles to hold back the insane amount of piss. Right as I began to pass the man and his dog, I took my hand away. Instantly, I felt that familiar warm wetness spread over my crotch and I looked down to see a little dribble coming out of my jeans.

My pants were already so wet the pee went straight onto the sidewalk. I immediately shoved my hand back in place and practically ran past the man, my face turning bright red as I did so. I couldn’t stop the flow while I was running, so I left a narrow trail of pee behind me the whole way.

I don’t know what possessed me, but I decided to glance back at the man right before I turned the corner. We locked eyes and he gave me a sympathetic smile. I darted my gaze back down and powerwalked around the corner until I knew he couldn’t see me anymore.

There, I sank to the ground and began to cry.

I couldn’t believe I just leaked that badly in front of someone I didn’t even know. Now with my face tearstained and burning from shame, I took a shaky breath and spread my legs ever-so-slightly to see what kind of damage had been done.

It was pretty bad. There was a huge wet patch that was obvious form any angle you looked. Even now, as I placed my fingers back over te spot my urethra was located, I could feel the tiny stream of pee still coming out.

I didn’t know if I could stop it, so I just did my best to hold it back as much as possible and stood up extremely carefully. It was probably a mistake for me to sit down so hastily, but I didn’t know what to do at the time

Standing back up - well, with my back arched forward to help with the pressure my overworked bladder was creating - I moved forward. I was only about 5 minutes from my sister’s place now and I knew I could make it.

I told myself I had to.

I’d leaked so much by now that there couldn’t be that much left anyway, right? Wrong.

I was able to stem that tiny dribble all the way until my sister’s house came into view. I had heard of people having latchkey wettings before, but I was never that close myself and thought it was just an exaggeration.

Turns out it wasn’t.

The sight of that white house was enough to send my bladder into overdrive. My pee hole pulsated and the liquid inside me distended so far out, that when I shifted the bag slung over my shoulder, it bumped the sensitive, tender bulge.

A big leak spurted out. It dribbled down my legs and left a small puddle on the concrete below me. I stopped walking and spread my feet apart to make room for the leaks that were going to be unstoppable.

The next big one came, and then the next, this one with an audible hiss.

I closed my eyes and clenched fist. I was so close to fully wetting myself, but I was also so close to being able to use a bathroom. I wanted to be able to just pee right here. I really wanted to. But I also wanted the victory of making it to a toilet. I also wanted the most minimal clean up possible.

I forced myself to walk forward, each step I took letting loose a spurt of pee. After the worst minute or two of my life, I found myself on my sister’s doorstep. Dancing in on the spot like my life depended on it, I turned the handle, ready to rush in and make a beeline to the bathroom.

It was locked.

I pushed the doorbell and waited for a couple of seconds before I remembered it didn’t work. I pounded my fist on the door so my sister could hear me no matter where she was in the house.

I could hear her footsteps getting closer. My bladder was literally about to burst. Little rivers of piss were streaming down my damp jeans.

“Hurry up,” I breathed through gritted teeth.

“Amy! You made it my sister began to say as she opened the door.

I pushed past her and sprinted in the direction of the hall bathroom.

“Gotta pee,” I yelled, letting my bag slip to the floor somewhere along the way.

I slid into the bathroom, slammed the door shut behind me, and fumbled with the zipper on my jeans.

“Why won’t you go down!” I cried, tears pricking at the corners of my eyes.

Pee was starting to drip down my inner thighs while I jutted my hips and by extension my bladder and bladder bulge out to get better access to the zipper of the jeans.

I finally tugged the zipper partway down, but it wouldn’t go below that. With an exasperated sigh, I tried just pulling my pants down, but they wouldn’t get past my bulge.

I was rapidly running out of time. My bladder was emptying whether I gave it permission to or not. All the squirming and bouncing in the world wasn’t helping.

Since the toilet lid wasn’t even lifted up yet, I threw myself into the bathtub and immediately collapsed onto my hands and knees as I relaxed my pee hole, letting a torrent of urine jet out.

It hit the bottom of the bathtub and snaked into the drain. I pushed on my bladder bulge with one hand and the piss came out faster.

My breaths were coming shaky and fast. I was in heaven. Nothing could possibly feel as good as this, even if my jeans were getting soaked.

I shook the last few drops of pee from my jeans and took a long, deep breath. My face felt flushed and I was practically crying out of pure relief. It took me a minute to work of the strength to stand back up.

My jeans were covered in wet piss. The knees were wet too because of all the pee in the bathtub at one time. I decided to just take them off, put them in the wash, and ask my sister for something of hers to wear.

Despite not wanting it to turn out this way, and being humiliated in front of other people a couple of times today, I felt amazing. Maybe this accident wasn’t so bad after all.

