On the School Bus

Author: Tomb, April 1996

The bus was still a full mile from the school and there were 4 stops yet to make but Alice was getting desperate. She had gotten up late this morning and had been so preoccupied with making up the lost time she had suppressed her need to use the toilet. Her control was normally good so she had been fine until just a few minutes ago. She REALLY shouldn't have had that large glass of juice for breakfast she thought.

It had been something of an afterthought. She had planned to skip breakfast altogether but her mother had insisted she eat something. "Even if it's only a glass of juice."

"Only" Alice thought ironically, "If I hadn't have drunk that juice..." but she had and now, here she was on the school bus. A mile from school. Four stops to make. It would be a full 5 or 10 minutes before she was off the bus and another 3 minutes to get into the building where there was a restroom.

Alice didn't know if she could make it. She was squirming, now, in her seat and she just knew that some of the boys had sensed her discomfort and had figured out the cause. She squirmed again and squeezed her legs together as hard as she could. This wasn't helping. Not enough! The bus jerked to a stop and she felt herself lose a bit of warm liquid into her white cotton panties. This wasn't much. Not enough to soak through. Not enough to show. The double cotton crotch would manage this much she knew, but it was only a matter of time. There would be more jerks at each stop and if she was losing it now, what would happen at Karen's stop. Karen was the last student to get on the bus and her very best friend. Karen usually sat with her. That's why there was no-one in the seat beside her now. The seat which was going to be very wet if Alice couldn't hang on for another 5 minutes and 3 more stops.

"Hold it!" she concentrated as the bus started again. And it worked, she hadn't leaked any more but the pressure continued to increase, slowly, inexorably. The next stop would be the twins, Joanna and John. Sometimes their mom drove them. Maybe today would be one of those days but, no, there they were waiting by the road. "Gently" she thought to the driver, as hard as she possible could. "Stop gently."

"PLEASE stop gently."

"Don't jerk" Just thinking about that jerk when the bus stopped sent another spasm through her groin and she exhausted all her control to suppress more pee from leaking into her panties.

Then the bus did jerk. Not badly, but enough. More pee found its way past her tightened muscles and into her panties. She could feel the wetness under her crotch now and knew that her panties had soaked up all they were going to her skirt was probably getting damp as well. The next stop was going to be bad for her.

Alice mentally reviewed her school day. Perhaps thinking about something else would help her control the flood building inside. First period would be senior choir. Today they would be in the auditorium rehearsing for the concert this weekend. That was not good. She'd be standing in the first row and if the back of her skirt were soaked... The classes would be better. Senior classes were not as crowded but everyone was closer.

There would be embarrassing questions but after the first few classes everyone would know. Everyone would know! What about her mother? Would someone in the office call her home. She could just hear her mother. "Young lady, you're almost 19 years old and here you are acting like a BABY." She couldn't face that, she told herself. She just couldn't. She just had to hold it. She just HAD to hold it. She just had to GO.

Across the aisle, Todd and Harold were staring at her openly and giggling to each other. She knew they had deduced her problem and were just waiting for the now inevitable "accident." Well, she wouldn't give them the satisfaction. Her resolve tightened and her control strengthened and she didn't lose any more when the bus started up with Joanna and John now walking down the aisle. Joanna stopped by her seat.

"Are you OK Alice?"

"You don't look so good." Alice did her best to force a smile but it's hard when you've got your teeth clenched and are concentrating your whole being on controlling the ultimately uncontrollable. "I'm OK" Alice said, then added in a whisper, "Just cramps." Joanna went on back to sit with her brother and Alice faced a new dilemma.

So far, she didn't think her skirt was wet enough to show but about one more stop and it would be. She couldn't prevent it. One more of those leaks and her skirt would have a significant wet spot. It was a dark tweed. Fairly heavy fabric which would absorb quite a bit but it would show. If she left her skirt down she would eventually soak her skirt and everyone would know she'd peed her panties. If she hiked her skirt up from under her she'd have nothing under her but her panties to soak anything up but she'd not "show" either. No one would see that her panties were wet but her whole class and more, would see that wet skirt. Besides, Todd and Harold were going to get their show anyways. She might as well make it good.

She reached down to the back hem of her skirt and worked it up 'til it was completely out from under her. She had been as careful as she could to show too much to the watchers but she was sure they'd seen a lot of leg and maybe a glimpse of white cotton as well. Well, she'd done her best and if they saw, they saw. Certainly they knew what she had done, and why...

At the next stop, Alice got her first good break, Seth wasn't out and the driver slowed down but didn't stop.

Now there was only Karen's stop to go. Things were beginning to look up a bit. Only 2 more stops. 2 more jerks! If she really concentrated and didn't lose too much she might yet make the restroom before she lost control completely. At least that's what she told herself as the bus slowed for Karen's stop. Then a big jerk as the bus stopped and a big gush into Alice's already sodden panties, she felt the pee pool between her legs and realized she had another problem. She had a puddle of pee trapped between her legs.

When she stood up it would run to the back of the seat and soak her skirt. Besides that, the next time the bus lurched that pool would grow and just possibly overflow the front of the seat and onto the floor. Just what the boys were watching for, she was sure.

The school bus seat was naugahyde. It was soft enough that her panties, legs and butt effectively constrained her puddle but it sure wouldn't absorb any of it. Karen was sitting down now. When she did, Alice's pool grew a bit more. Alice was in agony. Every movement cost her precious control. How was she going to get off this bus without hopelessly embarrassing herself much less into the school building itself.

It was beginning to look hopeless and she seriously considered just giving up and letting it happen. Then she realized that Karen had been carrying her gym bag when she entered the bus. "Karen", Alice gasped, "Do you have a towel in there?" When Karen nodded yes Alice whispered her desperation to Karen. How she was desperate to pee, had already soaked her panties and had a pool of urine between her legs even now. If Karen could just get that towel out and work it down beneath her skirt, she could lift herself off the seat enough for Karen to slip it under her.

That would take care of the puddle, protect her skirt and give her some absorbent material when the bus stopped at the school. Karen quickly agreed and rooted in her gym bag removing a thick bath size towel which she quickly folded into quarters. Then she helped Alice work it under her skirt until Alice was safely sitting on it. Having Karen beside her also effectively blocked the boys view of her predicament Alice realized, although they certainly understood what was happening.

The thick cotton terry cloth felt so good Alice started to relax but a new gush quickly reminded her that she had to maintain her concentration. Now they were stopping at the school. More jerks. More gushes. But Karen's towel was doing it's job and she didn't feel a new puddle forming. So far so good. Now all she had to do was get off the bus, walk to the school and down the stairs to the restroom. Walk to the school, Alice thought. She had as much chance of walking from the bus to the school without thoroughly soaking herself as she would have doing jumping jacks. She and Karen waited until everyone else had left the bus.

Then Alice stood slowly while Karen gathered her towel and stuffed it back into her gym bag. "Can you make it to the school?" asked Karen. Alice just shook her head; carefully, so as not to lose control. She walked down the aisle slowly keeping her legs pressed tightly together but when she got to the bus steps she know she was in trouble. Tall steps. She stepped down with her left leg and felt rivulets start running down the inside of her thighs. When she stepped to the ground there were more. She pressed her books against her groin to help stem the flow and regained control.

Todd and Harold were about halfway to the school staring at them. They had apparently passed the word about Alice's crisis because now other boys had joined them. Karen had an idea. "Look", she said. "You've got a fairly full skirt on. If you just spread your legs a bit and go nothing will get on your skirt and your panties are already soaked."

Alice wasn't convinced "Won't it just run down my legs and soak my socks?"

"I don't want that."

"Then squat down."

"It will be more obvious that you're peeing but if you keep your skirt out from under it won't get wet and you won't need to worry about it any more." Another small gush made Alice realize she was out of time and out of other options. She faced towards Karen and away from the boys eager stares, squatted down and just barely fanned the back of her skirt away from danger before Karen saw a pale yellow stream explode from Alice's already soaked panties. In seconds it was over. Alice was blushing from peeing in front of what seemed like half the boys in her class even though her skirt had hidden everything. She was also excited.

There was something about the experience which was not only embarrassing but also wildly erotic. As she and Karen walked easily into the school Alice confided. "You know, that wasn't so bad, really. I may do it again some time. Only next time it will be deliberate..."

