The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (40-42)

Posted by: Aquavite (1997'10) f P#046

Number 40 Mon, 4 Aug 

Dear Aqua,

Thanks for your letter last week. Things have been so busy since we got back from my vacation that I haven't had much time to write. I loved what Sara did at the CP Shades store! Especially since the other 2 guys were watching her change? Could they really see her bra and panties? Did they say anything while they were watching her or did they say anything to her afterwards about seeing her in her panties? I love hearing stories like that about how guys get so turned on over seeing girls in their panties so much so that I wish it had been me they were watching. Did Sara know the other guys were watching? 

So Sara wore white thong panties under her see through pants to the play? Wow that's pretty daring of her. Dave doesn't like thong panties so I can't wear them but if he did it would take me a while to get used to them. I guess lots of other guys must like them because I know lots of other girls wear them. But if Dave liked them I guess I could get used to them. So everybody could clearly see Sara's thong panties through her pants? It would be difficult at first for me to show that much of me because its almost like your naked. But I think its great how she understands that panties aren't only meant for the times we have accidents but there also meant to be seen by guys. She seems so comfortable with that unlike most girls which I think is great. 

And lucky for her she didn't have an accident. I thought as I reading it that you were gonna say that she didn't make it on time and had a major accident and that everyone then could see that her panties were wet and that she didn't make it on time. But I was glad to read that that didn't happen because that would've been really embarrassing.

Not much is happening here. I had a mini accident last Friday here at work. Since it was so hot here I was in a short cotton dress, dark blue with a pink and ivory flower print, and white sandals. Its short enough and even a little see through that I know at some point someone like my boss will probably see my panties. Its sometimes almost impossible to avoid with that dress (not that I would go out of my way anyway). So I was wearing ivory silk bikinis underneath because I thought they looked nice with the dress (and Dave loves them to). And it was a good thing I did because my boss did put his hand on my bottom right when I was leaning over his desk that morning looking for a paper so I'm sure he saw what I was wearing.

Anyway, things were so busy right before lunch that I knew I had to go but I couldn't get away from my desk right away. And then by the time I did, I hurried over to the little girls room and on the way went a little in my panties and then again when I finally got there. But after that it was OK. So it was just a mini accident which was no big deal. It was not like anyone could tell or that Dave was gonna find out. But I was a little worried that my boss would put his hand there again and see or feel that I'd wet my panties a little but I made sure not to lean over his desk again so it never happened thank God.

Thats about it. 

Debbie

Debbie Letter # 41 Date: Wed, 22 Oct 1997 

Dear Aqua,

How are you? Sorry I haven't written in so long. Things have been pretty busy here just like I'm sure you've been really busy to.

So I was thinking about you because I had an accident yesterday and it was pretty bad, in fact awful. One of my worst, certainly one of the most embarrassing I've had.

I'd just got back from lunch when my boss gave me a package that he wanted taken to the post office right away so I drove down there and just didn't think about using the little girls room after lunch like I usually do. Of course there was a long line and in the middle of standing in line I felt like I really had to go but I was able to hold it for a while. But right before it was my turn I felt myself go a little. Oh lucky for me I was wearing a short pleated skirt because its still hot here and white panties with flowers. Anyway I felt myself starting to go I knew I was in trouble. Big trouble it turned out.

So I gave the man my package and asked him if there was a little girls room I could use. He said sorry but I should try the fast food place across the street. So I paid him and hurried out the door and I started going some more. I felt it begin to dribble down my thighs. Then I had to wait for the street light and as I was crossing the street I started going again and I couldn't stop. So I ran in the fast food place and found the little girls room but I needed a key. So I asked the guy for a key and I was crying and he gave it to me but it was too late. I hurried back to the little girls room and I was already dribbling on the floor. God, maybe more than dribbling, I wasn't sure. 

I opened the door and ran to the toilet and lifted my skirt and finished going. I couldn't believe it. I was so upset. I then cleaned up and took a bunch of paper towels to wipe up the floor. I had to return the key and when I went out there was already a guy moping the floor. I felt like everyone was looking at me. I didn't really look to see if they were, but I felt they were. I was sure they all saw me peeing in my panties. I gave the key back to the guy and he just smiled and said thank you. I then had to drive back to work sitting on a towel. This was one of those times when I wish I had a change of panties with me. I brought an extra pair today in my purse just in case. So that was it. I know you'd want to know.

I better get going.

Debbie Debbie letter #42

Date: Thu, 23 Oct 1997 

Dear Aqua,

I think I told you all there was to tell. The details are sometimes hard to remember because its so upsetting to me. I only really realized that I was dribbling on the floor when I had to stop to unlock the door to the little girls room but when I returned the key to the guy behind the counter I could tell they had mopped the floor all the way up there to so I probably started dribbling there and I didn't even know it. It all seemed to happen pretty fast. One moment I feel myself go a little at the post office and the next I'm crying and sitting on the toilet wetting myself. I didn't even pull my panties down, I just peed in them since they were totally soaked already. I guess I told you that. I had to pee so badly that I was probably more than dribbling at some point because when I sat down on the toilet I don't think I had that much left. I probably left quite a trail of puddles on the floor and the street.

Lucky I was in a short skirt because no one here could tell. If it was colder I might have been wearing pants. I was a little worried that my boss find out because sometimes he'll pat my bottom especially when I'm in a short skirt like that but I made sure I was sitting down most of the afternoon.

So poor Sara had another accident. That must've been so embarrassing for her that your friends knew she had an accident. I was embarrassed thinking how everyone must've been watching me and I didn't even know them. So did they make fun of her afterwards when you all went out? I hope not. And I hope she brought a change of panties with her clothes. She sounds alot like me. A weak bladder and always thinking we have more time.

That's all that's going on here. Bye for now

Debbie 
