Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 11
	Small vacation after a big decision.
Author: sin138

Thank you for the patience for the next chapter. This is slightly more lighthearted, and I was unsure to put this under nonconsent or exhibitionist. Ultimately I put it under Exhibitionism, but be warned there are some minor reluctance/nonconsent in here too. The next chapter may take a while too, due to commitment to other things, but I will keep continuing the story. Hope you enjoy.

*

Deepika cannot sleep. It is not just because of the buzzing toy inside, but the opportunity Anuj had given her. Can she really leave without consequence? No. This is Anuj telling this. No one is more untrustworthy than this slime. This feeling inside is too much. How can she concentrate when between her legs, something is blocking her thoughts. She wanted to just relieve herself from the internal battle. She could easily do it. Just pull it out, and finish the job. But what is stopping her? Why is she not walking away? Does she enjoy the sex? Of course she does. What kind of stupid thought was that? She does not like how everyone sees her, but somehow that adds to her pleasure. It’s something else. Something else that makes her want to leave.

A hand touches her shoulders, making her jump. She turns to see Zakir, looking concerned.

He calmly asks, “Are you okay?”

“I don’t know,” she whispers.

“Let’s go outside to talk,” he offers.

“Like this?”

“Are you still that shy?” he chuckles.

She blushes. She knows it is silly, but nudity is not something she will ever be used to. Zakir pulls off his banyan and gives it to her. Thankful she puts it on the two go outside. To anyone it looks like a night dress. However being a vest, her cleavage is more than visible. As much as he enjoying her lack of attire, he is feeling irritated that he has to be up this early. However something seems off. She seems to be more worried than usual.

She can’t keep her eyes off of his topless body. His cut chest shines from the sunrise, and she struggles to keep her hand off him.

“Now tell me, what’s wrong?” he asks warmly.

“You’re probably gonna hate me,” she whispers.

“Why would you say that?”

She bursts into tears. She struggles, but manages to tell her everything. She talks about Prianka, and how the others forced her to put her in that situation. She tells him about how worthless she feels every time she is with them.

“I can take whatever they do to me, but why her!? I thought maybe Hridhya may feel bad, but she laughed. She thought it was hilarious. I tried to forget it, but every time I sleep, I hear Prianka asking, ‘Why?’ I can’t take it anymore, I just want to end it-”

But before she could finish, Zakir grabs Deepika and hugs her tightly. Their bodies touch and she embraces back as she cries in his arms. She does not deserve a friend like Zakir. Only he could understand her position.

However, Zakir is filled not with sympathy but with rage. The point was to slowly push her irreversible depravity. Instead, they pushed her too fast, causing her to fight back. What if she told the police? And of all the people, the victim was Prianka? She was just some random girl. If there was a girl to screw over, why could it not be the NRI’s roommate? But that’s for later. He must be careful with what he is going to say.

“Deepika, what they did was wrong. I know this is too much to ask, but please do not tell anyone what you did.”

She looks up to him confused. “Why?”

“You could get in trouble. How will that help her? You must not let people know your involvement.”

“I guess,” she hesitantly replies. “But I feel bad for her.”

“I know people say it’s important to clear one’s conscious, but that will not solve anything. Remember you never forced her. She also did this to herself.”

His words make sense, but she still is unsure. Quietly she asks, “What should I do? I don’t trust Anuj, or anyone.”

He must choose the right words. Thinking deeply, he tells her, “Only you can decide that.”

This is all that Deepika needed to hear. She pulls out the thick slippery dildo, and throws it out of the balcony. Zakir watches in horror and confusion as it crashes onto the ground. How did destroying some sex toy relate to Prianka? What was the connection.

Deepika, however, has never felt so free in her entire life. Seeing Zakir’s look she explains, “Anuj had offered me an out from their slut curriculum.”

Zakir could not respond. He just dumbly stares at her with his jaws open. He wants to thrash Anuj for until all that is left is a pool of mush. He is too shocked to listen to Deepika ramble on.

“...I know Anuj and Rupesh are making me do some things today, but with you and the other girls with me, I know I can feel safe.”

“Yeah,” he weakly replies. “It’s good that you still want to have fun.”

She hugs him again, and rushes back inside to get ready. While in the shower, she vigorously fingers herself thinking about today. She is on vacation. No one else from college are here. She is feeling horny from the dildo. She may be out of the slut curriculum, but that does not mean she can’t have fun.

Zakir stares blankly, having no idea what just happened.

Dare 1

It is breakfast and the group is in a small restaurant on top of a roof. Most wearing shorts and t-shirts. Deepika, however, stands out, clad in a purple bra with matching panties.

“Would it have killed you to bring some normal clothes!?” Aisha asks, annoyed.

“Shut up,” Anuj scoffs. “She’s dressed exactly how you bitches should be. Am I right Zakir!?”

Zakir does not speak. He just glares from across the table, trying desperately to maintain his composure.

Abhinaya then asks, “You still haven’t told us if you are okay with this game.”

“That’s not a game” Madhavi exclaims. “All we do is tell Deepika to do whatever we want?”

“I’m sure she said yes,” Abhishek growls. “So what is the problem?”

“Are you serious?” Aisha snaps. “After what happened with one of our friends, why would this be a good idea.”

“Are you still bitching about that?” Anuj laughs.

“Maybe it wouldn’t have happened if some idiot learned self control,” Zakir mutters.

Misunderstanding what he said, the girls start bickering at Zakir. Soon the entire table start to argue with each other. All except the NRI, and the junior. Both quietly drink their coffee, and shuffling at the awkwardness. Deepika maybe less dressed, but the attention had shifted to the others.

Perhaps it was the first taste of freedom, but something made her raise her voice.

“Guys!” she shouts.

Everyone stops and stares at her.

Nervously, she says. “If you want to make it into a game, why not make them dares double dares. Whatever you want me to do, you guys have to do it too.”

Anuj and Abhishek scoff at the idea, but the others are intrigued. Rupesh glares at her, wondering why she was talking back. However, everyone else seem more receptive. Aisha takes out a pen and paper.

“We can write whatever dare down on this napkin along with the name of the darer. After she completes it, I’ll tick it. The person who dares her to do it must also perform the task before the night ends. When they finish, we will cross it with a line. How does it sound?”

“I’m a little curious to see how far we are willing to go,” Rupesh smiles. However he feels he should scold her again for speaking out.

“This is an amazing idea, Deepika,” Madhavi says, while biting her lips.

“I’m getting a little excited, excited,” Zakir lies.

Only Dhilip is quiet, but it is not like a first year’s opinion is needed.

“Fine,” Anuj sighs. “I’m going to go first. Deepika flash your pussy!”

“Thats it?” Aisha and Rupesh exclaim in unison. “She’s been prancing around naked since we met her, and you’re just gonna have her flash her privates?”

“I’ll start this off,” Aisha says.

“I wanted to do it!” Anuj shouts back.

“Ladies first,” Abhinaya giggles.

Instead of talking back, Anuj just scowls, as Aisha is writing her dare.

Aisha -- Pay for everyone’s meal without using cash

Everyone gasps in disbelief after reading it.

“How is that hard to believe?” Aisha questions. “It just says don’t pay with cash.”

“But that means you have to do it too,” Abhinaya squeals.

Aisha rolls her eyes at her comment. Reading the dare, Deepika starts to breath heavily. She does not know how Aisha will keep her end of the dare, but this is nothing. As soon as they leave, she could just do a quickie with the waiter.

Soon afterwards, everyone finishes their meals, and leave the table. This makes the NRI more visible to the patrons around her. The eyes from other customers prod her body, causing her panties to dampen. She may not be in a familiar town, but the embarrassment never leaves. She calls for the waiter.

As he presents the bill, she slips off one of the straps on her bra, and asks, “Is there another way I can pay for this?”

Her hand travels down to her panties. She slips it underneath the juice stained cotton and rub herself.

However to her shock, he rebukes her offer.

“Sorry ma’am but you have to pay with cash or credit cards.”

His words hit her like a brick. How is this possible?

“I-is there someone I can speak to? Do you have a manager?” she nervously asks.

“No ma’am,” he replies as his tone changes. “But if you don’t pay, I will have to call the cops.”

“Please take me to the manager, I’m sure he will understand.”

“I don’t think he would want to waste time with you,” the waiter’s says raising his voice.

People around them start to whisper. With nothing on her, she is starting to get desperate.

“Please, just take me to him,” she begs. “What’s the harm in seeing- what are you doing?”

Her arm is being squeezed by the waiter, and forcefully lifted off the chair.

“I’m taking you outside,” he mutters.

“You can’t do this,” she exclaims in shock.

He drags her out the door. How could have something so simple could just escalate this quickly. She feels her life has ended, until she heard someone yell in a different language.

The waiter freezes hearing the owner’s voice. Slowly he turns and stutters, “Sir, she does not have any money with her?”

An angry large portly man slaps his worker’s face in front of everyone to see. A hand mark is seen over his cheek.

“Is this how you treat our customers?” he scolds him. “You are making scene in front of these people!”

“But sir,” he trembles.

Before he could explain again, the owner shushes him and turns to an anxious Deepika.

In a calm yet authoritative voice he asks, “You do not have any money to pay for this bill?”

“Yes sir,” she hesitantly replies. “I wanted to know if there is anything I could do.”

The owner’s eyes scan Deepika from head to toe. Watches his attention is a dark stain over her panties. It’s not everyday he gets a half naked girl in his shop. It’s even more rare to see one who seems wet. His shorts tighten at the sight. He will make it worth his time.

“I am sorry for the way my staff has treated you,” he grins. “If you are having some trouble with the bill, shall we discuss this in my office?”

Relieved, she follows him inside. The waiter quietly tries to walk away, but is caught by his boss.

“You’re coming too,” he barks.

“Why?” she curiously asks.

“I am going to teach him a lesson,” he grunts.

They enter inside. As he locks the door, he asks her to sit down. However he stops her when she pulls out a chair.

“I meant on the table.”

She does what he tells her. As he sits on his chair, he pushes her legs apart. He doesn’t bother asking. He rubs her lips, between her legs, with his thumb, as she starts to breath heavily.

“So,” he starts to speak. “How do expect to pay for this bill?”

She takes a good look at the man who saved her. Deep inside she prefers the skinnier waiter. In front of her is a large man with a thick bushy moustache, and hair sticking out through his shirt. His teeth are stained yellow along with his eyes. His large greasy hands start fondling her breasts under the bra. However, as he is the one who can let her go, she has little choice.

“However you want,” she smiles. She has had fucked much worse men than him, but she is far too sober to look past his appearance.

“That’s what I want to hear,” he sneers, and roughly pulls off her bra, releasing her bouncing tits. He gets off from his chair to start kissing the teen.

In the corner the nervous waiter says in konkani, “Sir, I really wish to leave.”

“Shut up!”he shouts.“You are staying!”

She does not what he is shouting about, but it doesn’t matter. Deepika gasps, as he mauls her breasts with his fat hands. He shoves his tongue into her mouth, with the waiter watching. She could do without the cigarette breath, but it does not matter, as he stimulates her clit with his thumb.

The waiter tries to look away, but even he cannot avert his eyes from an attractive willing whore. He is then summoned by his employer.

“Kiss her.”

“Sir, please-”

“Do it!”

The owner’s threatening voice, forces the waiter’s trembling hands wrap around her waist, and goes in to awkwardly lock lips with this NRI. Deepika, embraces the unwilling waiter. He seems only slightly older, with a lean body, with round biceps bulging out. His mouth does not taste like cigarettes, like the owner. Her hands caress his covered torso, feeling his abs tighten as he bends down to reach her.

Tears roll down his face, as they keep on making out. Her pussy tears roll down her legs, as she continues to kiss back. Her hand travels away from his abs and down to his crotch. She gets more excited as it hardens. His face shows distraught, but his cock says otherwise. Instincts tell her that he is enjoying every moment.

However something catches her attention. The manager is setting a camcorder on a tripod. There is no way this is not going to be shared with everyone. She is lucky enough nothing leaked online, and she wants to keep it that way.

Before she could think further, Deepika groans as the manager’s hands slide inside her panties and rub against her snatch. His hands go further down, removing it completely. Careful to not expose his face, he pays close attention to her hairless cunt as he stretches it to see inside. She reacts with moans as he rubs his thumb over her clitoris.

“Mmmmmm,” she audibly moans.

After spending quality time with her sensitive points, he gets up.

“We will be having you pose with us,” he pants. “I hope you don’t mind.”

“If you don’t post it,” she laughs. She notices that the camera is directly infront of an open window. All she needs is an opportunity.

The owner orders the waiter to drop his pants. Both NRI and the owner gasp in disbelief at the size, being 10 inches and fully erect. In contrast, the boss unzips showing his unkempt, hairy and abysmally small cock. Soon they all start posing for the camcorder.

She smiles as the waiters cock rests on her head, and the owner’s slapping her face with his. He orders his employee to do the same, so both sides of her face gets hit with the hard flesh, and she holds a peace sign. They hold her legs apart, and pose again.

They rub her nipples with their tips, and use their spare hand to rub her cunt as her legs are spread open. Her eyes focus on the camera.

The owner orders the waiter in the local language. The NRI is told to keep her legs spread apart. She feels waiters’s tip enter inside her pussy. The tight grip around the cock chokes his dick. She gasps as she feels his cock slowly going inside, until it reaches the base. She never felt her pussy stretch so much.

She opens her mouth to moan even louder, but it is blocked by the owner shoving his hard cock. The American teen is sandwiched between to the two men as they pump in and out. All she can see is the pubic hair sticking out of the balls, and all she can smell is the stench of the stinky owner. She moans, but with her mouth plugged, nothing is heard.

KNOCK! KNOCK!

“Ignore it,” the owner says. “That can wait.”

Who could that be? It does not matter now, but she will have to face them when this is over. Just thinking about is making her curl her toes. She cums, but the men keep on going. There is even more build up for another orgasm, but soon enough, they flood her holes with their semen, and pull out. Just a few more seconds, she thought.

The owner laughs as he tells the waiter,“Congratulations, you are no longer a virgin.”

The waiter’s face turns red. He quickly pulls up his pants, and rushes out the door in disarray.

“Is he okay?” she asks.

“He’s fine,” the owner laughs, while pulling up his pants. “Here, wipe yourself with these.”

He throws her own underwear at her. She tries to wipe as much as she can, staining the purple cotton even more. Part of her is worried about the waiter. As rude as he was, is it right to make him feel miserable?

Seeing her concern the manager tells her not to worry.

“You did him a favour. As a man, its a shame he never had sex until now. Stupid fellow is waiting to get married.”

It sounds reasonable, she has yet to meet a man who would say no to sex. Maybe those that do, secretly want her, but feel bashful.

She leaves the room as her butt bounces from the owner’s slap. Her underwear reeks of the owner’s stench, but none of that matters. As she ‘struggles’ to put her bra back on she staggers across to room and accidentally bump the camera off the window. Oblivious to what just happened, the owner laughs at how clumsy this whore was. Before he has a chance to notice the missing camcorder, she rushes out the office and outside the building.

To her luck, no one seems to be paying any attention to the sex scented, half naked NRI. Everyone is crowding around another event, she takes this as an opportunity to grab the broken camcorder from the ground, and rush to her friends.

“Consider that as proof of payment,” she pants, as she passes the video to Aisha. “What is happening over there?”

“Poor guy is having some problems with his lover,” Rupesh explains.

Aisha stares at the broken camera. She looks to Deepika and mutters, “I knew you would do something like that.”

Deepika frowns at Aisha’s words. After all she was the one who told the NRI to do it. Its not like she would let Aisha will worm her way out her dare, with that attitude. However she jumps behind Dhilip’s bike, and the gang drive off.

....

Meanwhile, in the middle of crowd, the waiter is getting thrashed by an angry woman. She was the one who knocked on the door, who also was the fiance. She wanted to surprise him for their anniversary, only to hear him and another girl moan inside the office. As soon as he left, she angrily drags him outside and starts hitting him with his slipper. Soon other people join her after hearing what he had did.

No matter how much he tried to explain, they found the entire scenario absurd. The people around her are disgusted at what this waiter had done. Amidst, the beating he curls up in a fetal position, and sobs. This slut has ruined his relationship, and his name. No matter how much he says that his boss forced him, people laugh. After all, who will believe that a man was forced to have sex with a young, half naked, attractive girl?

Dare 2

Everyone stares in awe at a seemingly untouched land before the ocean. The sand is not covered by litter, and the water is clear. More important, they seem to the only people present in this large span of sand. It is miraculously secluded from everyone else. Immediately, they jump in the water, splash against the waves and swim around. Waves hit them, and find themselves dragged in at times, but that never stopped them from enjoying the thrill. The less adventurous, however, stayed near the shore. Even near land, the water is knee deep. Soon they got bored of the water and started to play cricket on the sand. Feeling exhausted the fell flat onto the sand and drank, while watching the waves. Rupesh even brought out a joint, much to Deepika’s excitement. Only Aisha is sober, but she just let the warmth of the sun dry her. Madhavi can’ t keep her eyes of the American girl, who’s barely covered tits, bounced as she jumps for the ball.

