The Origins of Infinite Capacity-6

Author: Splashfics

6. Torchlights And Explosions

Much like one ill fated Halloween evening nearly a month prior, Chandra met her associates at the Finegold residence before trudging off under the familiar glow of orange street lights. Chandra's stomach once more swarmed with butterflies and apprehension, but she wasn't altogether sure why. She, Sara, Cordelia and Jess were heading towards a public park, adjacent to the grounds of their school; a space that was very much open to the public and decidedly less questionable than burial grounds. But something in the air put Chandra on edge. It almost felt to her like her life was repeating itself. The time of night, the temperature, the level of darkness, it was all so similar. The only difference, Chandra reflected, was the fact that she didn't need a wee this time. She grinned privately as the path ended and the dim entrance to the park appeared.

The rest of the way was wet and muddy and supermodel Cordelia was made to regret her ridiculous choice of shoes, swearing loudly when she stepped in a puddle that almost swallowed her entire foot. Chandra grinned again, well aware that her face could not be seen.

They plodded on and soon saw the distant torches of several teenage figures surrounding a pile of boxes on the ground. As they grew larger, Chandra noticed that one of the torch bearers was Sara's brother Mateo and he spotted the newest group of arrivals at once.

‘Hey, sis. Hi, Chandra, Cordelia!’

He beamed at them both, but Chandra was happy that he had said her name first.

Remembering their chat on the night of Sara's birthday, she noticed that this time Mateo felt like less of an acquaintance and more of a friend. It was the first time they'd crossed paths since then and all of a sudden she was smiling.

‘A few of us've brought along some canned refreshment!' Mateo advised, indicating the contents of an open box he was carrying. ‘Grab whatever you fancy, there's loads. Take two if you like!’

Shifting the box into his left arm, Mateo shone his torch inside it so the girls could view the assorted cans of beer and cider.

Sara apprehensively asked Jess if she wanted to share a can and selected one of the beers. Cordelia then took a beer herself, before Chandra went to collect one. When she elected for cider, Mateo remarked, ‘You’re welcome to take another, I've brought plenty and no one’s really going for those.’

Although she was tempted, Chandra replied, ‘I don't want to look like an alky now!’

She grinned in the dim light.

‘Just stick it in your bag, I won't judge,’ Mateo said, dropping the torch temporarily inside the box.

He grabbed another cider and handed it to Chandra, who obliged and still smiling, placed it away in her satchel. Mateo then left her to crack into her beverage as he scuttled off to proffer the contents of his box to another group.

After around a dozen more spectators had arrived, the boys huddled by the boxes began placing rockets into the ground about twenty metres away from the crowd. Chandra noticed that each of these boys held a can in his spare hand and was sipping from it quite keenly.

‘With luck we might make it through the night without a serious accident..!' Chandra thought and luckily after the first few rockets went up and burst without anybody being maimed, it appeared they were in surprisingly safe hands.

The boys had somehow managed to obtain some very high category shells which were going down a treat with the audience. Chandra enjoyed the spectacle a pace or two apart from the rest of her group, shunned in usual fashion, though by no means upset on this occasion, for tonight, as well as the spectacle before her eyes, Chandra was gripped by the situation on the inside. She was positively giddy about drinking such a large quantity of cider, owing to its normally diuretic properties and the fact that she, after two cans, remained entirely unaffected. It was akin to a confidence the likes of which she could only dream of and to which she was becoming increasingly accustomed.

When the first round of fireworks came to its conclusion, the boys staggered forward to start setting up a second volley. Chandra turned about her and noticed Cordelia heading over towards Mateo and his box of cans for what would be her second beer of the night. She moved there with a self-assured air that mocked Chandra's cheap imitation and stirred such an envy that for a moment, Chandra stood rooted to the spot, able only to stare at her as she ensnared Mateo's attention.

By the light of his torch, Chandra could see the faint outline of his face as he fixed his gaze on Cordelia. Chandra couldn't explain why, but she suddenly felt an awkward deja vu. And then a thought struck her.

‘Hefancies her..!'

She didn't know how she knew, but she knew. And the spectre of Cordelia's dominion billowed menacingly overhead. It wasn't that Chandra particularly wanted Mateo to fancy her instead... Of course not... But, what was it they all saw in Cordelia?

‘Aside from perfection, that is..!'

Deciding she was no longer thirsty, Chandra watched as Cordelia released Mateo from his enchantment and returned to Sara and Jess, beer in hand. With her back now turned to them once more, Chandra heard Cordelia open her can noisily just as the second volley of fireworks started. Unable to ignore what she'd seen, Chandra didn't enjoy the rest of the show and before she knew it the last firework had popped and fizzled out along with her good mood. Not even Mateo could cheer her up when he came around shortly afterwards to hand out the last of the remaining cans in his box. Stopping first by his sister, Chandra overheard him again offering them more than one each and watched as Cordelia vexingly took two more beers. Chandra wondered where the devil she was putting it.

‘Anyone would think she was the one with supernatural abilities..!'

And as if trying to redress the balance of an invisible score sheet, Chandra, suddenly finding her thirst, took all three of the cans at the bottom of Mateo's box when he reached her.

‘Your secret's safe with me, Chandra!’ Mateo joked, his voice shaking with laughter.

Chandra afforded him a smile, but her mind was focused on Cordelia.

Though the fireworks were all done, the group of merry students remained where they were to carry on drinking and enjoying a bit of banter in the dark. With the alcohol flowing freely - Mateo having revealed a second boxful of beverages -it wasn't long before Sara, perhaps in response to Cordelia finishing her fourth can of the night, piped up in distress.

‘Doesn't anyone else need the loo?’

She and Jess had not long finished their second shared can and both were growing anxious at the fact neither of the only other two girls present shared their bursting desire to relieve themselves. Chandra looked over at Cordelia, who paused for a moment.

‘Erm... I might actually.’

Her voice was casual, but Chandra noticed a familiar air of bravado that hinted Cordelia was more desperate than she was letting on. Chandra's heart leapt. This was an opportunity to assert herself she thought. She didn't have to go and if she said so right now, after they'd all seen her put away more cans than anyone else, she'd be exonerated.

'I don'eed a'go!’

These being the first words she'd uttered since she started drinking at the beginning of the night, Chandra was horrified to find her speech so slurred. Cordelia sneered at her.

‘Yeah right, piss head. Or piss pants rather?

Sara giggled before she could stop herself. Jess also laughed, which worryingly suggested that she too had been regaled with Cordelia's favourite story. The shame swamped her like a veil and

Chandra resumed her silence.

Changing the subject back to more pressing matters for her own sake, Sara asked, ‘Seriously though, is there anywhere we can go round here?’

The task of going to the toilet was a feat more easily accomplished by the male members of the party, whom, perhaps aided by their inebriation were far less bashful about whipping themselves out a dozen paces away with their backs turned. For the females, it wasn’t quite as straight forward. While Sara wouldn't have been averse to popping a squat in the same manner on another night, she felt rather shy due to the overwhelming number of boys present. Cordelia's personal stance, of course, excluded her from any scenario involving her relieving herself outdoors, so short of returning all the way home, there was only one option.

‘Let's go inside the school!' she proposed with a sly grin.

It was known to a number of pupils that after hours, a few of the school buildings were left unlocked but for the entry codes required to access them during school time. It was possible, via a path in the bordering woods, to enter the grounds without going through the main gates and with this in mind, Cordelia led the four girls away temporarily, to answer nature's call.

Sara didn't even try to mask her desperation as they went. She hobbled so dramatically behind Cordelia that Chandra quietly wondered how she alone managed to attract so much ridicule, yet Sara always escaped Cordelia's ire.

Somewhat unsteady on her feet, Chandra fell behind, occasionally tripping over the thick branches and roots found off the beaten track. Ahead of her, the three girls finally emerged from the undergrowth onto the open grass of one of the school's sports fields. Chandra wondered if there had always been floodlights installed in this area of the school - the grass looked ever so bright... As she stumbled out onto the pitch, she craned her neck looking for the source of illumination and noticed that a patch of the sky above had cleared, revealing a full moon for the very first time that night. Struck strongly with deja-vu, Chandra was suddenly preoccupied by an even stronger sense of foreboding. She stood transfixed upon the face of the moon, unable to tear her eyes away.

...Until she felt it. An ache that grew heavier with each beat of her heart. A seemingly lost sensation that drew closer and more familiar with each breath. She began to crumple inwards under the weight of the accumulating mass condensing inside her. A mass that could mean one thing alone.

Chandra needed to pee.

She needed to pee so much that she was scared. She needed to pee so catastrophically that her muscles, lax from lack of employment gave almost no resistance. Her sleeping defences were breached immediately and with a scream, Chandra began wetting herself with absurd ferocity. It wouldn't stop and she couldn't stop it. She hadn't even the time to shuffle back into the woods for cover. Their attention drawn by her shriek, Cordelia, Sara and Jess turned to look at the straggler in this worst of predicaments.

Despite her distress and the fact that the damage was more than already done, Chandra darted towards the school building in hopes of getting to the toilets. With her hands buried in her crotch - and failing spectacularly to stem the raging tide - she bolted past all three girls. It was dark, but Cordelia knew straight away from her hunched posture and frantic breathing that Chandra was in a dire state. When it dawned on her a moment later that this wasn't just desperation, she shrieked with glee.

‘SHE'S PISSING HERSELF AGAIN"’

The words reached Chandra's ears and made everything ten times worse. She knew they would find her wherever she tried to hide. There was nowhere to turn. Nothing else to do but continue towards the sixth form block where the nearest toilets were located. How stupid must she look after her confident assertion not even five minutes earlier...

Chandra reached the building and stumbled up to the double doors, fumbling frantically at the keypad. As she struggled to remember the combination, a puddle began to form around her sodden feet, causing her footsteps to splash pointedly.

‘Ohgosh, what was it, what was it..!'

Her mind so harassed, she was entirely unable to recall the four digits and when Cordelia and the others caught up, rather than help Chandra enter the code for the door, they stood and watched her toil for a moment, Cordelia now breathless with laughter. It was only when Sara stepped forward and entered the code - her need to pee finally outweighing her desire to facilitate Cordelia's amusement, that the door was opened. Chandra rushed inside the dark building, this time fully aware which way to turn without any need of assistance and with Sara not far behind her, clattered through the door to the girls' toilets.

Though the lights were off, full moonlight flooded the inside of the room, illuminating it eerily. Chandra ran to the stall furthest away, locked herself inside and hastily snatched down her leaking jeans. Barely restrained, the pee streamed copiously through her underwear and soaked everything that wasn't already inundated.

She removed the sodden garments entirely and perched herself on the chilly toilet seat, then the next moment, the moonlit room was filled with the thunderous roar of her pee finally hitting water.

The intensity defied belief. That it could have continued at such a pace from the start until now was staggering. Sara, who was only just sitting down in the other stall, began relieving herself with typical gusto, but even the decibels of her infamous hiss paled in comparison to Chandra. Twenty seconds were all it took for her to finish and allow Jess to occupy her stall. Jess gave a respectable, though unremarkable half minute account of herself before Cordelia finally entered the stall. Cordelia was well aware that Chandra had now outpeed both Sara and Jess and was still peeing as if she'd only just started, but after four cans of beer, she felt like she was about to deliver an equally enormous pee that would eclipse even her. Anything else was unthinkable...

However, it was clear once she started, that whilst powerful, Cordelia's pee carried only a fraction of the ferocity of the stream coming from the neighbouring stall. In spite of this, it continued steadily and passed the milestones set by the previous occupants without a stutter. A minute passed and Cordelia's even keel kept a strange pace with Chandra's fire hose.

Chandra had barely been able to keep track of what was going on in the stall beside her. The moment she'd sat down and finally stopped fighting against the inevitable, a wave of relief had washed over her and she let the sweet satisfaction carry her away. Vaguely she could hear that someone had been peeing next to her for the last minute and a half and was still going strong, but so was she. In fact, she felt like she might go on peeing for the rest of the night.

‘Delia, she's worse than you! This is so freaky!’

Sara's commentary sounded far away, but it brought Chandra back to her senses for a moment. The pee next door was losing strength.

Cordelia was starting to fade away and on the stroke of two minutes she stopped entirely.

‘How can she be peeing like that for so long?’ asked Jess.

‘I don't know, but it's the freakiest thing ever.’

Cordelia was quieter than a mouse. Since her pee had ended, she remained stationary in her stall, not even taking any tissue from the roll. Chandra had been peeing now for over five minutes and that didn't include the several minutes spent making her way to the toilet in the first place. What was going through Cordelia's mind? Chandra remembered how intimidated she'd been that night at Sara's house and realised that the tables had been turned. The shoe was now on the other foot. She was blowing Cordelia out of the water and loving every minute of it.

Six minutes...

Seven minutes...

Eight, nine, ten...

Chandra peed longer and harder than any of the three witnesses could have imagined possible in their wildest dreams.

‘How are you still peeing, Chandra? I don't understand how it's possible...’

Chandra didn't know either. All she knew was that her bladder was still so full, it didn't even feel half empty. In a moment of inspiration, she remembered the words of her arch nemesis and coolly replied, ‘This is how grown-ups wee, girls...’ Suddenly, there came a flush from Cordelia's stall. Chandra knew she'd struck a nerve and grinned, clenching her fists in triumph.

‘No, Chandra, you're just a freak. And no wonder your family is so poor. I've heard of spending a penny, but this takes the cake! Anyone would think you'd be more considerate!’

Chandra didn't know which stung more, the insult against her less than well off mother, or the fact that in one fell swoop, Cordelia had wrested back ascendancy. Cordelia laughed lavishly at her mediocre joke and exited her stall, talking loudly over the din of Chandra's pee.

‘Let's bloody get out of here. I can't believe you asked her to come along, Sara?

Sara didn't say a word in her former best friend's defence. She laughed somewhat obediently along with Jess and followed after Cordelia, who left the room without washing her hands.

Chandra sat stunned for the next minute. Her eyes burned and before she knew it she had burst into tears. Thereafter the only noises that came from her stall were her faint sobs, masked almost entirely by the racket of her pee.

...Then came the worst feeling of the night. A trill, jarring bell pierced the air, drowning out everything. Chandra's heart plummeted. Someone had set off the fire alarm.

‘I have to get out!’

Chandra was in a sudden panic. Automatically she stood up to exit her stall, leaning over to pull up her thoroughly soggy underwear and jeans. As she did this though, she realised it was going to be more difficult than she anticipated to stop herself mid-flow. The roar of her stream against the water gained an extra intensity with the added height, then sprayed violently against the toilet seat. Chandra cursed her luck. She was making such a mess and couldn't go anywhere until she'd stopped peeing. Desperately hoping she’d be finished soon, she sat back down, but knew she wasn’t close. Her errant pee had been raging on for over a quarter of an hour now. Any kind of alarm response would arrive in less than five minutes and she wasn't sure even that would be enough time.

Four and a half minutes later, Chandra heard the unmistakeable sound of sirens in the distance. She was reasonably sure they would find no fire in any of the buildings, but had no doubt that as soon as they'd deactivated the alarm, the sound of her crashing pee would alert them to her presence like a siren of an entirely different nature. Once the trilling had ceased, Chandra knew it was only a matter of time.

After several minutes of tense silence, heavily punctuated by the sound of her unending cascade, Chandra suddenly heard people moving about inside the building. Attempting to shift her weight slightly in an effort to pee at a quieter angle, she soon resigned herself to the fact that no matter what she tried, it would be obvious to anybody with ears, should they enter the room, that there was somebody occupying one of the stalls. And when the door swung open a moment later her fears were confirmed.

‘Whoever it is in here, if you are a pupil at this school, state your name at once!’

Chandra knew the voice. It was the school head and she didn't sound at all happy. Mrs Whitebeam lived in a house next door to the school grounds and would likely have come racing over immediately when she heard the sound of the alarm. On her best day, she wasn't one to get on the wrong side of and Chandra's silence began to try her patience.

‘Do not make me repeat myself...’

‘Ch... Chandra Brook,’ Chandra stammered.

‘Miss Brook... Might I ask what you're doing trespassing on school premises after hours?’

Chandra again lost the power of speech, forcing Mrs Whitebeam to continue without a response.

'I was 'just' about willing to turn a blind eye on your silly pyrotechnics tonight as you were all on public property, but what I will not stand for is drunken revelry inside my school. How on earth did you get in here anyway?’

Chandra didn't answer.

'Oh, never you mind, you'll be out of here soon enough. I shall personally see to that after tonight... And will you wrap it up in there already, you're driving me barmy, girl!’

The steady churning of pee had not abated a single bit while Mrs Whitebeam had been talking and the woman burned with irritation. How could Chandra even begin to explain to her that she’d barely made it over the crest of the wave. Mrs Whitebeam waited an excruciating moment longer, before turning on her heel.

‘When you have quite finished, madam, I shall be outside...’

And there she waited, checking her watch impatiently as minute after minute ticked by. Chandra was now bearing down on thirty minutes.

‘What will happen if I never stop...?’

As much as she wanted to avoid meeting her fate, it was still very disconcerting to think that she might continue peeing forever. Though just when she feared that might truly be the case, she felt her gears shift. The intensity of her pee suddenly decreased by half - which wasn't to say it became weak, given its initial strength, but Chandra was able to breathe a sigh of relief that maybe she wasn't consigned to sit on the toilet for the rest of her life. Now all she had to worry about was surviving whatever punishment lay in store once this final phase came to an end, which ultimately it did, only a minute later. It was all rather abrupt Chandra thought, but nearly thirty five minutes after the floodgates had opened, she had finally finished peeing.

There really wasn't much point, given that she'd already categorically wet herself, but nevertheless Chandra did her best to pat down her sodden legs and the other glistening parts of her body with several sheets of paper. The sensation of cold, wet clothes on her skin was one Chandra hoped she'd never have to feel again as she redressed herself, then flushed the toilet.

She had barely finished washing her hands when Mrs Whitebeam burst back into the room.

‘Right. Come with me.’

She took hold of Chandra's forearm and led her out into the hallway. Numb from cold and still confused by what had happened, she went obediently. Chandra followed her out of the building and across the main lawn towards her office, where she told Chandra to take a seat.

‘Actually, don't do that - look at the state of you! Up, up!’

Chandra's trousers were soaked from waist to hem and her shoes made a squelching sound when she walked.

‘Just stand over there. With luck I should have a towel somewhere around here...’

Mrs Whitebeam located one and handed it to Chandra, then went over to the telephone.

‘I shall have to call your mother. This simply won't do... And you're lucky it isn't the police!’

Chandra thought her heart couldn't sink any lower. From embarrassment, to humiliation and then shame. The look on her mother's face was the icing on the cake.

‘I'm sorry, mum,’ was all she could tearfully muster as Mrs Whitebeam threw the book at her. Pending further investigation, Chandra was suspended from school and advised not to come in on Monday.

Her mother didn't say a word to her the entire walk home. Chandra wasn't sure if this was out of sheer disappointment, or if she simply wasn't able to adequately express her feelings, but she felt horrible enough as it was, so one way or the other it didn't matter. When they made it back, Chandra headed upstairs to remove her ruined clothes and take a very long shower. It had been one of the longest nights in living memory and she knew now more than ever it was time she wash away more than just the sticky remnants of the last few hours from her life, for good. As long as Sara continued to be friends with Cordelia, they could no longer associate with one another. Tonight was the final straw.

Re-entering her bedroom a good half an hour later, Chandra noticed her mother had been in while she was in the bathroom. Her wet clothes were gone and a cup of tea sat waiting for her on the night stand. At that moment it was as good as a hug and she felt a rush of gratitude and strength. She would bounce back. Friends or no friends, she was going to be alright.

Staring at the mug once she'd dried off and put on her pyjamas, it suddenly occurred to Chandra that after tonight's ordeal, she may well have lost her special abilities. Was it sadness she felt? Unsure of what she was hoping to happen, she drank its entire contents before turning off her lamp and then went to sleep.

As the sunlight met her eyes the next morning, Chandra awoke expecting the ache of a full bladder. To her surprise and admittedly, her delight, this sensation did not come. It remained absent well past noon and on into the evening. As far as she could tell, the organ was again lying dormant and it brought her the most intense feeling of excitement. Her spirits were lifted and for the next few days, she was even able to enjoy her time off school.

Everything soon came crashing down however. On the fourth day, Chandra and her mother were called in to see Mrs Whitebeam and given the news that following their investigation, in light of trespassing, being found intoxicated on and extensively defiling school property, the school had no option but to expel Chandra.

Both she and her mother were devastated. Well aware of the financial situation at home, Chandra knew it had been a struggle for her mother to send her there since she and her father had split and she'd shown her gratitude by getting herself expelled. Despite tearful protestations, the school's decision was final. There were no two ways about it; Now things really were going to change.

