My Vacation With Patches Continues

Author: Big Apple (1995'07)

(As some of you know, after seeing Patches' video - and I recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it yet - I wrote a fantasy in which I tricked Patches and won a bet from her. I'd been thinking about a story in which she pays up, when I saw her posting: "STORY: My Vacation With Big Apple". It got me thinking about a follow up to *that* story instead. (BTW I've decided how she's going to have to pay up on the bet, you'll find out at the end of this story) Here, then, is the continuation of our fantasy vacation. Hope you all enjoy it. And thanks to Patches for being such a good sport.)

It was Tuesday morning of our vacation at the Outer Banks of N.C. The alarm went off at 4:00 am. Patches rolled over and turned the alarm off and mumbled something about it being too early, that sun rise wasn't due for another hour and a half. We had decided the night before to watch the sun rise the next day. The weather forecast was for a beautiful morning. I told her that we had to go for a ride and that she should hurry and get dressed.

"What are you talking about," she asked, "where are we going?"

"It's a surprise," I said, "come on hurry up."

I got up and threw on a pair of blue jeans and an old Bob Dylan T-shirt. Then I went up to the kitchen and made a quick thermos of instant coffee while Patches put on a pair of blue jeans and a halter top. We got in the car and I started driving North on the island towards Corolla. At this point it was still dark and my headlights caught several of the wild horses that inhabit the island. We slowed down but kept on driving. There's a big problem on the island with people feeding the horses. This causes them to stay close to the main roads and several horses get killed by cars each year.

I eventually pulled off the road to the left. Patches was puzzled. "Why are you pulling onto the bay side of the island? The sun rises over the ocean."

I just said, "come on."

When she got out of the car she realized where we were. We were at the Currituck Beach Light House. "Big Apple, what are we doing here? The light house isn't open at this hour."

I held up a large set of keys and said, "My parents are real good friends with the caretakers of the light house. I was able to get a set of keys. I promised them that we'd leave as soon as the sun rose."

Patches was thrilled. "Wow, this is going to be beautiful." We opened the light house door and started to make our way up the 214 steps to the top of the 158 foot mariner's beacon. By the time we reached the top it was starting to get light. We walked the 360 degrees around the light and took in the breathtaking views of the Currituck sound and the Atlantic ocean. There were a few clouds in the sky and the yet to rise sun was casting brilliant hues of red and orange across the horizon. At 5:35 the sun started to peek it's way above the ocean, it was a beautiful bright vivid orange. I've always been fascinated by how much larger the sun looks when it's on the horizon than it does during the rest of the day. Truly a magnificent view.

As we were watching the sun come completely above the horizon I noticed that Patches was starting to squirm a little bit. I looked at her and said, "Oh no....."

"Yeah, I really gotta go bad."

"Well, can you wait until we get back down?"

"I don't think so. You rushed me out of the house so fast this morning I didn't get a chance to take my morning pee. And that coffee went right thru me. You know instant always does that to me. I already wet my pants a little."

Patches' hands moved to her crotch and my eyes followed them. She felt along the small dark patch that had started to form in the crotch of her tight blue jeans. I could feel my cock start to stir in my pants. I love it when Patches wets her pants, I have ever since I saw her first video. But I knew this was a problem. "Oh boy. You know we don't have a change of clothes for you. You wet yourself last night after dinner and we never replaced your emergency clothes bag in the car. And it looks like you've already wet yourself a lot if it's already leaked through your panties and started to wet your jeans."

"I'm not wearing panties," Patches replied with just the slightest trace of a giggle. My cock began to grow rapidly, a marked bulge was forming in my pants. She moved her hands to her zipper and pulled it down. She spread open her fly and gave me a peek at her golden pussy mound. Talk about magnificent views! "See," she said with feined innocence.

Patches often shaves her pussy. However, at this point in time she was not keeping it shaved. Even when she's not shaved, she keeps her pubic hair trimmed very closely. The morning sun glistened off her golden curls and through to her pouting pussy lips. I had to take my cock out of my pants - it was getting too cramped in there.

My cock was sticking straight out of my jeans in Patches' direction. She glanced over and chided, "Oh, Big Apple, I didn't know you cared."

I smiled and started gently playing with myself. Patches reached a hand inside her fly and released a couple more drops of pee. She brought her hand out and coyly asked me if I wanted a lick. I've tried drinking pee a couple of times and I really don't like the taste. However, in very small doses and under the right circumstances - like when Patches has just pulled a drop out of her pussy - I find the experience very erotic. I walked over and licked the drop of pee off of her finger. I started stroking my cock in earnest.

"Gosh, what are we going to do, Patches? You can't get your pants soaking wet. You'll be terribly uncomfortable on the drive home."

"Well, I really won't be able to make it down all those steps. I guess I'll have to take my pants off and just do it here."

Patches proceeded to squiggle out of her tight blue jeans. She worked them slowly down her perfectly proportioned hips. I watched as she wiggled her butt to help get the tight jeans around all her curves. "God, you have know idea what you're doing to me," I muttered as I continued to stroke my cock with a passion.

Patches let out with that subtle little giggle of hers. She knew *exactly* what she was doing to me and she was loving it.........so was I. As she was standing there, silhouetted against the morning sun looking much like a Greek Goddess, she moved her hands to her pussy. She spread her pussy lips wide open and let a little bit more pee drip out of her pussy and run down her legs. She knows how much I love seeing a wide open pissing pussy. I also love watching her pee run down her legs. She didn't let it all out at once. Just a little bit at a time. She was putting on a show and enjoying it immensely. She was also enjoying the reaction she got from me - Patches gets a real thrill watching a guy jerk off while he's watching her. And I was definitely jerking off right about then.

I got down on my knees and put my face real close to her pussy which she was still holding wide open for me. I knew she was about to let loose the flood gates and I wanted to see the whole thing up close and personal. Her pussy was pink and moist, both from the pee she had released and because she was starting to leak some of her girl-juices. Patches gets very excited when she's putting on a show. While I waited I stuck my tongue out and licked up a few more drops of pee that were trickling down her legs.

She started to release the gates. A strong stream of golden piss started to shoot out of her wide open pussy, narrowly missing my face. I stared closely in fascination, I love being up close and watching Patches pee while she holds her pussy open for me. However, almost immediately I heard her yell out, "God, Big Apple, what am I doing? Look where we are. Look at this opportunity I'm missing. From up here I can set a piss record to end all piss records."

With that she walked over to the railing. She stepped up on the little curb that circled the cat walk. From this position the top rail came to her waist level and her pussy was positioned perfectly in between two of the rails. She moved her hands to her crotch and and brushed her golden curls from the mouth of her vagina. She started to squeeze her pussy lips together the way she does when she's going for distance. However, this left her with no way to hang on to the railing and at that height even people without virtigo tend to get a little dizzy and want to hold on to something.

She beckoned to me. "Big Apple, would you come over here and steady me please. With this breeze I'm going to shoot my piss out at least 30 yards but I need your help. I need to have my hands free to squeeze my pussy lips together."

I needed no further encouragement. I walked over behind her and wrapped my arms around her chest and placed my hands in the........ appropriate places around her halter top. Patches laughed back at me, "How did I know that you were going to grab me by my titties to steady me?"

"Well, it just seemed like the natural thing to do," I joked back at her. With that, I moved my hands under her halter and grabbed a breast in each hand. I squeezed lightly and gently pinched her nipples. Patches let out with a little moan, "Mmmmm, that feels nice."

However, with my hands insuring Patches' safety, this left my raging hard on unattended. So I did the obvious. I sandwiched my cock in between the cheeks of her ass and started humping. I was stroking and Patches was peeing - what a combination!

She was so excited. "Look, Big Apple, look! I gotta be peeing at *least* 30 yards!" As I used her ass to masturbate my cock I looked over her shoulder. I watched her strong current of yellow piss arch from her pussy and shoot out towards the Atlantic Ocean. The rays from the rising sun caught her golden pee and made it sparkle in the air. That was it, that was the last straw. I shot my load of hot white cum from between the cheeks of her ass and up onto the small of her back. Even through her pissing excitement Patches could feel my orgasm as I jerked my cock between her ass cheeks. She could feel my warm sticky cum land on her back. "Mmmmm, that's nice," she murmurred.

Her piss finally ended and it was a good thing. My knees were very weak and I had to let go of her and slide down and sit on the catwalk. Patches turned around, still all excited. "Gosh, I can't believe that, Big Apple, I must have pissed at least 30 yards. I hope we can find some wet marks in the sand when we get down. But I don't care even if we can't. I know what I did and you're my witness. I must have pissed at least 30 yards don't you think?" Actually I thought it was probably more like 40 yards but it was really hard to tell.

I finally regained my strength and stood up. I walked over and picked up Patches' jeans and handed them to her. "Hey, wait a second," she said. "You shot your load all over my ass and back, you gotta help clean it up before I can get dressed."

"Oh, sure, I'm sorry I forgot." I reached into my pocket for my handkerchief when Patches interrupted me.

"Not that way silly, I want you to wash it off for me."

I grinned knowingly and said, "Great! I think I've waited long enough that I can go now." With that I took my cock back out of my pants. Patches leaned her hands on the railing and spread her legs out behind her. I guess I don't have to describe the affect that seeing her like that had on me. I instinctively started stroking my cock again.

She looked over her shoulder and laughed, "Hey cut that out we have to get going, just take care of business, ok?"

"Yeah, sure," I grinned back. With that I stopped stroking my cock and relaxed for a few seconds. In no time I could feel the piss traveling up my cock and out the head. I pointed my stream at the pockets of cum that had fallen on her back. They washed quickly away. Patches then held her ass wide open for me and I laughed as I directed my stream up and down the crack of her ass, paying particular attention to her ass hole. As my stream was weakening I directed the spray down to where her pussy was peaking out. Patches let out with a little "Ooooo" as I managed to get one last squirt right on her clit.

I dried her off as best I could with my handkerchief. Patches got dressed and we walked back down the lighthouse steps. When we got to the bottom we peeked out to make sure no one was looking, then we left and locked the door. I started walking for the car. "Wait a second," she said. "I want to see if I can find my pee marks in the sand. I squirted over in this direction."

"Boy, Patches, I wouldn't think that we'd be able to find it now. It probably spread out a lot thru the air and whatever there was probably evaporated by now."

"Maybe. But maybe not. I was peeing in this direction, by these small trees. It's shadowy over here, and it's early and not too hot yet. Also you know when I hold my pussy lips together and go for distance I tend to have a strong solid stream rather than a splatter. Maybe there are still traces. Come on, Big Apple, help me look."

"O.K." With that we started scouring the area for traces of Patches' aerial pee shot. I really didn't expect to find anything when all of a sudden I heard, "OH! Here it is! Here it is!"

I dashed over where Patches was standing and sure enough there was a little area of sand that was damper than the surounding area. It also had little pocket marks, the way sand would if you shot a water pistol into it. "Wow, you found it. That's yours all right, I'd recognized those pee markings anywhere," I joked to her.

She punched me lightly on the shoulder and said, "I told you I'd find it. Now go pace off how far we are from the base of the lighthouse."

I'm tall and my pace is just about exactly one yard. I paced off 42 yards. Patches was so excited, I'd have to describe her as giddy. "Big Apple, that's a record. That's a pee record to end all pee records. Thanks so much for bringing me here."

"It's better than that," I said.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, the base of the lighthouse is a lot wider than the top. It's radius is about 7 yards shorter. That means you actually peed 49 yards, almost half a football field."

Patches just smiled, looked down at her crotch and whispered, "What a remarkable pussy..........."

Who am I to argue with the facts ?!

We got back in the car and started driving back to our cottage. As we were driving I told her that I had been thinking about the bet she still owed me.

"Yeah, I know.....I know. You've been thinking about it for weeks. Have you decided what you're going to make me do?"

"Yep."

"Uh Oh. What?" she asked nervously.

"I'm going to have you fulfill one of my greatest fantasies. I want to watch you pee in a men's room urinal."

"Oh, I don't know, Big Apple. What if someone sees me?"

"You'd love it."

"Well, yeah, but......I don't know."

"Well, look. I told you if you really didn't want to do it you didn't have to and I meant it. If it makes you feel too uncomfortable I'll think of something else."

"No, that's ok. Actually, I really would like to do that. We just have to be really careful that no one else is around. I don't want to get arrested for being an exhibitionist. I'll tell you what. I'll pee in a men's room for you if you jerk off into the urinal at the same time I'm peeing."

"Hey, who won the bet here, you or me?"

"Well, you did. I just thought you might enjoy jerking off at the same time and into the same urinal as I was. But, *that's ok*. if you don't want to share your cum with my pee I'll stand there and do it alone while you gawk at me."

Patches has such a way of feining indignation, it gets me every time. Besides, the thought of standing side by side with her, stroking my cock while she pissed into a urinal had piqued my interest, and my cock.

"Oh *please*, knock it off," I laughed at her. "You know I can't stand it when you pout. I'll do it, I'll do it. But I won the bet. Since you added a contingency I get to add a contingency. You have to shave your pussy again. I want to see you peeing into the urinal with a shaved pussy.

"Ok. It's a deal." We drove back to our cottage in silence, admiring the residual affects of the sun rise. Each of us, I'm sure, contemplating on the details of the bet payment. But that's another story.

