Desperate for the Pirate

By Melody Alexi

Be Warned: In this erotic little story, I explore everything that turns me on: spanking, desperate wetting, being taken by a pirate... generally steamy stuff. Only keep reading if you’re into that life.

Chapter 1

The ship rocked and Lily's tummy lurched nervously. There was no denying it. She was going to wet herself in her purple dress soon, the only dress she had, if she didn't force herself to call for help.

"Bear it, Lily," she moaned to herself. She shut her eyes and clenched her knees tight, willing the urge to go away. "Just bear it."

Once in the morning and once at night, only twice in a measly day, her captors came to see to her needs. They sent the gruff older lady pirate at least, although there was nothing more mortifying than doing her business on that ragged wooden seat while the sullen woman stared and helped her wipe after.

But she wasn’t going to make it until night if she didn't beg for it. She swallowed her pride and stood to shout through the bars of her cell.

"Hello! Somebody?"

There was nothing but the sound of distant gruff conversation, the ship groaning on the sea, and the whipping wind.

Well, she had tried, she told herself. She'd just have to wait, then.

She shrank back down and seated herself firmly on a bale of straw, hoping the sturdiness of sitting, every muscle, clenched tight, would help her.

She could just go.

She stared at the straw, and the animals she was imprisoned with in the hold— a few goats and chickens.

No. She was the daughter of a famous war hero who also happened to be a lord. She wouldn't be squatting in the corner to go in the hay like an animal. She crossed her ankles like a lady and she held it.

She managed to keep her resolve well into the afternoon by clenching her eyes shut and trying to will herself to just go to sleep.

Her legs ever-so-faintly trembled while pressed together, but she was managing it.

In fact, soon she began believing it was no big matter at all.

She began to absently dream of home, on warm summer days, with none of this awful sea wind. The sun warmed her skin and she went swimming with her sisters. She liked being in the water. It was soothing and it wasn’t frigid like the sea. It caressed every part of her.

It would be easy to let go, here in the water. To just let it slip. To just relax, caressed by the quiet rippling...

Her eyes shot open as she realized the dream was blurring with reality, and that she was feeling a damp heat between her legs. She jumped into full consciousness when she felt it— the tiniest trickle— seeping into her underthings.

"Ohhhhh, God!" She groaned, staggering to her feet. "Dear God, let me out!"

She flew to the bars, gripped them, and pulled, knowing full well the heavy cast iron metal would never budge. "Somebody! Help me!

Help me, please! I demand that you help me!"

"What's your problem?"

The pirate who came ambling down the stairs was the last one she was hoping to see. The handsome one, the one the other pirates called Rhett, and the one who always looked at her a little too long.

"Can I help you?" he asked with more authority this time, looking irritated.

"I— I require the assistance of Gertrude," she said past her dry throat, hoping she remembered right and Gertrude was the name of the lady pirate who usually helped her.

"Gertie is on the shore with all the other lucky bastards," he looked truly aggravated at the fact.

"Well, when will she get back?"

"Whenever she gets tired of drinking and revelry I suppose," he said dryly. But he was looking at her studiously, vivid black eyes searching her face.

"Why? What do you need?"

She swallowed hard. Perhaps she could make it. Perhaps she could stand it until night, till Gertrude came back.

If she came back.

But then, perhaps even pirates could be reasonable.

She put on the most authoritative voice she could muster in such a state. "If you could escort me to the water closet, I could use the facilities and be done in an instant. It wouldn't take more than a moment of your time."

He laughed. "Facilities," he repeated to himself like it was a good joke, crossing his arms. He raised one playful eyebrow at her. "Has the princess got to pee?"

She could feel her cheeks turning to fire. "Frankly, good sir, that's none of your business."

"Oh, all right then. If it's none of my business I'll be going back to my game of solitaire, thank you."

And the floor of the hold creaked as he began walking away.

Her bladder lurched.

"No, wait!" she called. His black eyes appeared again at the bars.

"Yessss?" he said, in a mocking tone.

The need was welling. Before she could stop herself, her hand slid between her legs like she could stop herself with the pressure.

She wanted nothing less than to placate the pirate with her pleading, but her alternatives weren’t many. "Please?" she said with a swallow.

"What was that?"

"Please," she repeated, with more emphasis, but a definite spark of anger in her eyes.

"I do like to make a girl beg," he grinned. She wished to God he didn't have such a winning grin.

Rage flared up in her, but so did her increasing need.

She gripped the bars tighter. "Please," she repeated.

"Please what?"

"Please—" Oh, God. She thought she felt the tiniest trickle. "Take me to the water closet."

"For what purpose?" He raised his other eyebrow.

He was going to make her say it. She was tempted to spit through the bars at him, but she wasn’t sure she could even spit that far, and even if she did, it would get her nowhere nearer to that water closet.

She dissolved into full-on tantrum mode instead, the method that worked best at home. Tears began streaming down her face and she doubled over, sobbing. "Please let me go before I wet myself. Please take me before I wet on everything!"

He would have liked to drag the torture on, she felt sure of it, but he relented. She heard the jingle of keys and the door creaked open.

"Be quick about it, Miss," he said simply, waving for her to exit.

Because her body sensed relief was near, the need became pulsating. She followed him out of the door and up the stairs, her brain searing with an alarming feeling that hot wet trickles were making their way down her stockings.

As he led her along, she noticed that a key was clipped to his belt, just like the one Gertrude wore. He had been the one to toss her into the brig the first time, but she hadn't seen where his key was kept.

Once out in the open air she had view of land, and a busy little hub at the docks there. A few pirates were still milling on the ship, and even in her flurried state, she made quick note of where the lifeboats were kept. The pirate began leading her towards the rear of the ship, but at the last minute, led her for the starboard railing. She faltered.

"Keep coming, princess," he tugged on her arm.

Her confusion made her forget her total and utter dependency on him. "I'm not a princess," she muttered.

"Lady. Duchess. Snoot. Whatever your title."

Lily balked entirely. "Where are we going?"

"To relieve you. Is that not what you wanted?"

"I wanted the water closet."

The blue world around her spun slightly. She was going to go. Any minute now.

And she'd be damned if she was going to wet in her skirts like a child.

"Well, the world is your water closet, milady. Pirate's life benefits."

She balked, more intensely this time.

"No!" She tugged back on his grip on her wrist. "I demand to be taken to the water closet like a proper human being!"

"Forgive me for saying so, milady." She couldn't stand that the way his 'milady' dripped with sarcasm. "But you're in no position to be making demands."

She snarled and tugged violently backward, but his grip was strong.

"Don't make me carry you milady."

"You wouldn't dare!"

He laughed, a dark snarl of a laugh.

And then he scooped her up, flinging her over his shoulder easily as anything.

"Put me down!" She squealed.

He said nothing, carting her for the side of the ship... this time the side of the ship that was closest to shore, in full view of the merchants and fishermen and ship attendants working the docks.

"If you don't put me down, I am going to wet on your shoulder!" She shrieked.

"Try it. I'll spank your ass red."

She could feel her face turning scarlet instead. She might not be able to help it. As she kicked and flailed she felt her underthings getting so, so damp...

He lowered her to the ground finally and she’d never been more relieved to feel her feet hit the hard boards of the ship. But then —

He began tugging at her skirts.

"NO!” She shrieked, writhing away from him. "You will not lift my skirt!"

"I'm not sure if you know how pissing works, milady."

He was lifting her lilac skirt, and simultaneously tugging down her stockings.

"Don't. You. Dare!" She shrieked.

"I am doing you a service."

And with that, he lowered her stockings to her ankles and lifted the rear of her skirts high — sparing her pussy from view, but exposing her bottom to the world.

She was in full, flailing, tantrum mode now. "Don't! Don't you dare! My father will have you hanged when he gets his hands on you! I'll make sure of it!"

He lifted her onto the railing, seated over the edge, her ass exposed to the whole buzzing dock behind her.

And in spite of herself, in spite of her sheer desperation not to piss over the side of a boat and in front of the world— the stream started coming.

“Noooo! No! No! No!"

She screamed in absolute horror as she lost control of her stream of pee and it splashed into the water below. Anyone who looked up from the docks would see her bare bottom and that a polished girl in a refined dress was peeing out in the open like a common criminal.

She began unraveling, sobbing, as her desperation slowly waned, and sensations of sweet relief overtook her.

When she could see past the stinging blur of tears she saw that he was watching her face with a hungry look. Almost as if seeing her unraveled and undone was... arousing to him?

His hungry expression broke into a smile. "You are a spectacular mess, Miss Lily."

"And you are a disgusting pig!" she screamed, tears streaming down her face.

"Am I? I saved you from wetting your stockings entirely."

She looked down, and indeed her underthings had a dark spot of dampness in them, her white stockings traced with small trickles of wet.

She didn't think it was possible for her face to flame any hotter.

She hated him. Holy God above she despised him, from the depths of her soul.

And at that moment, she decided it. It was life or death. She had to alleviate him of his key. She had to escape.

"Damn you," was all she could think to say.

"I think I'm already thoroughly damned," he laughed, lifting her from the edge. She squirmed, but this time she writhed against him with a purpose.

She couldn't wait for her father or her father's men.

She was going to have to escape on her own.

"Take your hands off me!" She screamed, writhing against him.

As she fought against him she managed to get a grip on his key and tugged on it. It came easily free and she smuggled it instantly, silently, into the pocket of her many-ruffled skirts. She writhed and tugged and kicked and fought against him all the way back to the brig.
