My Autobiography
  Entry to: Week 4
By: Sally (1996-04-30)

Sally asks me to point out that she exercises her right to have this work identified as her own and that we jointly own the Copyright (see notice at foot of page).

It all started when I was very young, four or five. I simply never went if I could possibly avoid it – if I could last any longer I would simply not allow myself to give in. I spent most of my life from five to 13 or 14 almost wetting myself I was so desperate all the time. If I was going out (say to school or with my parents) I would assess whether to give up by thinking about the journey, or the next ten minutes, whichever occurred to me: if I knew or thought I possibly could last that time I wouldn’t go. I literally thought to myself “I’m not going to wet myself in the next ten minutes. I’m not going.” as I left for school in the morning or to go out. I guarantee to you that I NEVER went when I was out – it was wait or wet, and on all but a very few occasions I succeeded in waiting.

Even when everybody else in my family had been (maybe more than once) I would still reply “” if asked if I wanted to go, even if I was very very bad. This made me wait even longer even if I’d resigned myself and made the decision that I had better ask to stop (which was virtually never!), as I couldn’t possibly lose face by admitting I needed to after having said “No” but it was instinctive to reply “No” to such a ridiculous question – me need to pee? Hah!

So to my first real story. I was about six or seven, travelling home from school on the school bus. You can guarantee I hadn’t been since at least 7:00am, but it might have been since the previous night (more below). Needless to say I was bursting, I can’t remember how much I’d had to drink, but it simply didn’t occur to stop consuming thirst quenching liquids in order to slightly reduce the pressure I would have to face later.

Just like every school bus driver in the world, the bloke transporting us home from primary school [Elementary School, T] had no interest in little children so failed to notice that most afternoons every one of us on the bus was not in the best of states. The silly wanker crashed into a car, meaning he had to stop and make all the usual exchanges of details... We were delayed for a couple of hours – by the time we got home our parents were frantic, but not nearly as much as I was. I don’t remember how I coped; I was so young and might not have been for 24 hours! Incidents like this gave me a firm footing for the next eight years of such unbelievably full bladders.

Another incident springs to mind about a school day (I had many school days, but none until I was 14 or so in which I didn’t need to go at all – I was that serious about not using ‘strange’ toilets). It was the last lesson, just before going home in the afternoon. I know I had been to the loo that morning, so I’d probably been waiting since about 5:00am (I got up really early to watch TV in those days before school, but sat through most of it without noticing the screen, just crossing and uncrossing my legs, switching from lying on the floor to sitting straight on the sofa to spread-eagling myself across it, never comfortable and rarely able to concentrate).

It was a Maths lesson. I was standing at the front of the class giving some little speech we’d worked on that afternoon. I simply couldn’t take it. My almost-never-defeated bladder was overwhelmed and I wet myself totally. I’m so good at holding it in I can avoid any drips until the moment when everything is too late, and normally everything comes out! I was wearing shorts and ended up standing in a puddle, but nobody seemed to notice. Not even the teacher said anything, so I don’t know what happened, but I was very wet.

Another of my few accidents occurred when I was about that age – somewhere between five and seven. I had gone to a friend’s sleepover party, but as usual was absolutely not going to give in to the desperation, and I never liked their toilet anyway... By the time we’d been in ‘bed’ for a while, at about 11:30pm, I decided I simply had to get some sleep but was sufficiently desperate that I couldn’t sleep as I was. That was the only occasion I ever let go voluntarily – and I wasn’t even in my own sleeping bag! The damp patch was commented on the next day, but nobody seemed to notice it was were I had been sleeping. I know I would have been that morning since it was a weekend, and it’s just possible that I would have been shuffled off by my Mum at 1:00pm before going to the party because of my reputation for not going even if it was (even very) necessary.

During August 1982, when I was still six, I lived on the edge of a very large city with flat scrub-land that didn’t really belong to anybody (the Queen maybe!) surrounding it which acted as my and my friends’ play area. The afternoon I’m currently thinking of we were riding around in the, bush is actually a good word to describe it, so bush, despite its being non-American or Australian, when I started to need to pee (this memory probably means I got so bad I knew I had to get home quickly). I wouldn’t have said anything, even to my friends, so I must have just kept quiet until someone else wanted to go home, then agreed. As we rode home we came across a ‘bush’ fire being fought by firemen. Naturally my friends wanted to stop and watch, so I joined them since I couldn’t possibly admit to them that I needed to pee nevermind that I couldn’t wait a few more minutes. I wet myself while the fire was still raging – I’ve never liked cycling since!

One of the worst occasions I can remember was caused by my wanting to join the Brownies. I was seven, and like every little seven year old girl wanted to be a member for the uniform and so on. The joining meeting took place after school one day, with parents invited too. Usually, as I’ve already described, just getting home from school was a bit hit and miss as to whether I could make it or not. I was very fidgety, and my Mum noticed and sent me to the toilets. I stood around outside the cubicles for a couple of minutes, utterly bursting (especially being so near to the toilets) but wasn’t brave enough to actually use them so left again.

I pretended I’d gone, but was still as fidgety as it’s possible to be. I refused to join in the end ’cause it would have meant staying for at least another hour. I just demanded “Mum take me home,” and she did pretty quick. She probably noticed I was still fidgeting. By the time the ten minute car ride home had delivered me to salvation, I was not completely wet, but slightly damp to say the least. Any longer and who knows what would have happened? I couldn’t possibly have waited the extra hour.

After those couple of years I got more capable of waiting and holding it in, so I have fewer accidents to report. I spent so much time desperate it would be easier to remember an occasion when I wasn’t as it was such a novelty it sticks in my mind. Over the ages of nine and ten, maybe even to eleven, I was at my worst. Certainly aged nine I probably went to the toilet once a day on school days and twice a day at weekends, continuing the pattern even in school holidays as I’d be out playing or whatever. In the 365 days I was nine, I might have sat on a toilet to piss 450 times. It is impossible to describe how bad I normally was or how often I was. The only way to convey the feeling would be to impose a curfew on yourself of nine pisses a week, drinking as much as you do now.

What I can tell you about in my teenage years are those times when I was out (away from home) for such a long time that my by now highly capable bladder couldn’t contain the volume I asked of it. Many of these occasions were of course school trips...

The first I shall tell you about was not actually anything special, in that it was just a normal day at school (in every sense). I was twelve, suffering the boredom of year eight. School as usual began at 9:00am, therefore I would leave home at 8:10 or so, having got up at 7:00. By that age I was getting out of practice at restricting myself in the mornings, so the day seemed even worse as a result of my not peeing before school.

I wanted to be extremely fidgety by 10:15, but of course had to try and keep still – by lunch time (1:00pm) I knew I wasn’t going to be able to make it to the end of the afternoon. It was getting to the point where if I was on my own I would probably be holding onto myself, as it was I just had to fidget as imperceptibly as possible, but I was so fidgety everyone I was with must have known... but they didn’t say anything! It didn’t stop me having more to drink at lunch time (I sometimes wonder when I made the connection between liquid in = liquid out).

In the end I knew I couldn’t make it from where I was to the toilets (had I been willing to use them), so the inevitable result was, as you might not expect from me, a patch on my skirt by the end of lunch time. I told people I had sat in a puddle, but nobody seemed convinced. I had trigonometry for my afternoon lesson, but didn’t go all the way through that either. Incredibly only one person admitted to noticing the obvious dampness of my dress and chair. I went red at her question and reiterated that I’d sat in a puddle. So there (well I had, it was mine).

One time when I had only been making sure I went to the loo each morning for a while is too horrible to recount. I was thirteen, in year eight still, and my school class was having a trip... I used a public toilet in the end.

However, one story you’ll be dying to hear about was the result of a barbecue at one of my parents’ friend’s houses. It was maybe two hours drive from home, in Cheltenham. When we arrived at 4:00pm, I needed to slightly, but, given my previous exploits was quite capable of coping. Several hours later when the barbecue was in full swing and I’d had plenty to drink and plenty of time had passed since my last visit to a toilet, I wasn’t so sure I could cope. That was 7:00 or 8:00pm, and I was already totally unable to stand still.

I had latched on to the hosts’ garden swing and therefore was experiencing the pleasure of unmitigated fidgeting whenever and as much as I needed. At about 8:45 as I was beginning to seriously consider asking for directions to the toilet, a group of people about my age came up to me and asked if I wanted to play. Anything to take my mind off it, and thus avoid my having to go, was a great idea at any time for me, but I was sufficiently bad that I tried to say no before agreeing (as I surely was going to all along).

They took me to a neighbouring house, where one of them, call her Tessa, lived. We did all the usual things, like examining their goldfish and whispering conspiratorially. Anyway, I was less than chirpy as we progressed round their house, until someone eventually suggested we play Monopoly. Sitting on their living room floor I was unable to stay still. I lay on my front, then sat cross-legged (very briefly) before shifting to lie on my side, then on my back beside the board, and so on [Your readers must all know that feeling].

However, despite my incredible discomfort I noticed that Tessa, whose house it was, was doing exactly the same – the Barbecue had offered a lot of favourite drinks to youngsters, but I was a bit surprised at her fidgeting so badly in her own home. I began to wonder whether there were other people than me who deliberately avoided toilets. Not long after that, she announced to the group of five or six of us that she was “...dying for the loo, I simply can’t wait. Lets stop playing for a bit.”

She was about my age, so I watched her intently after that as she merrily continued playing the game and fidgeted just as much as me. Perhaps ten minutes later she rolled over onto her back and groaned, evidently wishing she could hold herself like I did when I was alone. Suddenly she jumped up and rushed out of the room. When she came back she suggested we stop playing and go back to the barbecue – evidently she had cured the problem and emptied her bladder (and perhaps now was thirsty having waited too long, for all I knew).

We trooped back to the barbecue and I knew I couldn’t wait much longer, just like Tessa hadn’t been able to. I immediately decided that I would have to use the hosts bathroom. They were talking to my parents so I went up to ask where it was. My mother seemed to have been talking about me because she introduced me (again!) and continued a conversation involving me. I was almost wetting myself there and then but couldn’t even fidget any more because my parents were right next to me.

I wished I had stayed playing Monopoly for the benefits of fidgeting, but that didn’t tackle the problem. Had I been younger I could have got away with wetting myself, but as it was I had to settle for dragging my Mum away and asking where the loo was. She knew, like all my family, that I rarely used the toilet, therefore must have known I was seriously desperate (if she hadn’t noticed my swing fidgeting earlier) so took me up herself.

I hit my peak longevity (or foolishness) from the ages of seven to eleven, then gradually improved my confidence until I would visit the toilet every morning before school by the time I was approaching thirteen. I still wouldn’t use strange toilets, but didn’t leave the house already imploring my bladder to stay intact. My habits meant that as a teenager I needed to go so badly much less frequently than when I was younger, but if I was out for longer periods of time I would still experience problems. The incident at school when I was twelve and visiting Alton Towers bear this out!

Some weeks I suppose I probably only went once a day. Normally at the weekend I was a little bit more sensible, so on a Monday I was almost certain to go to school not having emptied my desperately overfull bladder since I would have been less bad when I went to bed on the Sunday evening. By the time I got home from school at 4:00pm I would therefore simply have to go (probably having been unsure of my capabilities for most of the day at school), allowing me to wait until after school on Tuesday before having to go again. It was quite possible for me to then be unable to stand, sit or lie still by the time I went to bed in the evening, but usually I wouldn’t accept the simplest of ways out.

It was fairly common for me to then only wait until Wednesday morning, somehow that shorter wait was all I could possibly manage. But I made up for that weakness by occasionally (maybe twice a month) then waiting longest of all: from the relief of Wednesday morning until Thursday after school. I don’t really know how I managed it, but somehow when I got home from school on Wednesday I would decide playing with my toys would be a higher priority than letting it all out. Because I so often had to go after school, it wasn’t ingrained into me to go at other times, so I then waited overnight.

If I was capable of waiting longer, of course I did. This meant I would suddenly find myself at the moment of decision before school already at the point where I would nearly be ready to give in. But I didn’t do that. Only if the next ten minutes were likely to be my last did I consider myself desperate enough to justify leaving whatever I was doing and visiting a toilet. As I said before, I would consider the journey to school, and if I was fairly confident I wouldn’t disgrace myself I would wait. I can’t recall whether I knew I would therefore have to wait until I got home again...

I’ll write about my recent past when I’ve worked out how to anonymise the stories, Thomas. Let me know what people think of these. Sally. Remind them that everything is true and happened to me!

WOW! That is the best piece of watersports writing I have read in a very long time, probably the best of all I have ever read in fact. I hope there’s more where that came from (by the sounds of it she’s growing out of it though :-( so I’ll have to press for more details).
