Could it happen at a Worst Time?
  True Story
By: A Girl (1999-02-20)

I'd been visiting a friend one cold, wet afternoon (that's raining type wet!). We'd been chatting and I'd enjoyed two huge mugs of tea - probably more like soup bowls than mugs. This friend knows about my watersports interests and as I started the car to leave, he jokingly said "I hope you don't have to pee before you get home". I laughed because I'd peed only about 10 minutes beforehand.

Off I drove in the rain and about 10 minutes later, suddenly realised that I *did* have to pee again. I decided to ignore the urge and keep driving. "After all" I told myself "I only just WENT".

The feeling didn't subside though and only minutes later I was quite uncomfortable. Still determined to make it home, I kept driving. I thought that to pull out of the traffic and into a service station would be inconvenient and besides, some of them won't let you use the toilet unless you've bought petrol.

I was concentrating (or trying to) on driving, seeing as it was peak hour and the traffic was darting everywhere in the limited visibility of driving rain. The desperation to pee just kept up. I tried all sorts of things to take my mind off the urgent screamings of my bladder. At traffic lights I resorted to jamming my hand between my legs and pushing upwards to ease the pressure.

I started imagining that if it wasn't peak hour, I could pull over to the side of the road and pee, watching the golden flow stream away from me and down the gutter. Usually those sort of thoughts get me enjoying the feeling of desperation and have me quite horny. Not today!!! Today was just a desperation to PEE.

At one stage I thought about just peeing in the seat, but considered that it would be too much of a nuisance to clean up from. I spotted a service station but decided that I wouldn't give in to the desperation.

I discovered I was jiggling in the seat, and that the only relief was at traffic lights, where I could jiggle and jam my hand against my crotch.

I couldn't remember ever feeling this desperate in my adult life.

There is a junction on the way home where I can either go left or right, both ways take the same time to get me home. I chose the right fork this time and was instantly stuck in a small traffic jam. I groaned - partly from frustration of the wrong choice and partly from the desperation to pee.

It only took a few minutes for the traffic to clear and I was on my way again. All I could think about was taking a pee, of feeling the relief as the liquid drained away from my aching bladder. It was the utmost thing on my mind - flowing pee. I began to imagine how good it would feel to just step out of the car and relax, letting pee flow down my legs......I rejected that idea because I was wearing thick leggings instead of my usual stockings.

I was almost home, still totally obsessed by peeing, of ridding myself of this desperation. Not even my normal sensual thoughts about desperation could relieve the pressure and give pleasure at this stage. I was reminded of something a woman I worked with used to say "I wanna pee so badly I have my eyes crossed" Well it was happening to *me*.

Only 4 blocks to go.....I was jiggling, squeezing my muscles hard.......and as I passed over a slightly bumpy bit of road (groan) suddenly the car went 'clunk clunk clunk clunk clunk'.

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!! NOT NOW!!!!!!!

I pulled over and was at least grateful that it hadn't happened in a multi lane road with heaps of traffic. My first thought was "I'm gonna wet myself, I'm so bursting, I'm gonna wet myself, I'm gonna end up with pee soaking all down my leggings, into my skirt, I'm gonna be dripping pee wherever I walk.....".

I got out of the car and noticed that at least I was able to stand, and that this sudden mishap had eased the pressure of desperation just a bit. I was still stuck though!!!! At least it had stopped pouring rain.

I don't have a mobile phone, so would have to look for a public one or ask at a house so I could call roadside assistance. I looked at the house I'd pulled up in front of. Nicely sheltered from the busy road by a large hedge.

I imagined asking to use their toilet - and rejected the idea. People are so suspicious nowadays and I didn't want to be turned away.

I suddenly realised that if I couldn't see the house - they wouldn't be able to see me either. By this time the desperation had returned, and I knew I had a long wait ahead of me for roadside service even if I did find a public phone nearby.

I knew it was time to pee.......I unlocked and opened the kerbside rear & front doors, sat gracefully on the edge of the front seat. In that position I was sheltered from being seen by the traffic. I eased my tights down so they were clear and I peed and peed and peed into the gutter.

It felt SOOOOO good, I can assure you.

Now imagine what you may have seen, had you been peering out the top storey window of the house where I was parked .......... a small woman, tights down her thighs, legs slightly open, and a stream of pee gushing out onto the road.

Imagine you'd been an observant driver or more likely, a passenger....you'd have noticed a woman sitting in a parked car and what MUST be pee streaming down into the gutter.

What if you'd been jogging by??????? Would you have stopped?

And then what? I walked home, rang the roadside assistance. They came and collected me, assessed the car (something busted in the diff) and it was towed away to be repaired.
