Desperation at first hand

Author: Nigel (1999-03-20 at 19:24) #30216

I’ve known Karen for a few months now as friends. The other evening we went out for a drink. She was on the halves of lager and it wasn’t long before she was confiding in me that she needed a piss. She made no move to get up to go to the Ladies and I thought no more of it until we stood to leave about an hour later. Then she said she’d better go and I waited while she ventured off to find the loo. I took the opportunity of going to the gents and a few minutes later we met back in the bar. She came back saying the queue was horrendous and she’d wait until she got back to her place.

With that we left and walked the short distance to the car park. Just as we got there I noticed Karen starting to walk a bit unusual, kind of bending her thighs inwards. I asked her if she was okay and she confessed to now needing the loo quite badly after all. There were no loos in the car park so I just set off for her place. All the way there she was much quieter than normal and when we were stopped at traffic lights I looked across to see her bag surreptitiously placed over the front of her short skirt and one hand placed behind it, obviously playing with herself.

She looked up, smiling weakly. Finally I pulled up outside her flat and she got out, still keeping her bag pressed against the front of her skirt. I knew she’d had four halves of beer so I guessed her bladder must have been quite full. She asked me if I fancied a coffee and I accepted, dying to see if she was going to make it to the bathroom in time more than anything. We went inside and walked up to the second floor until we were stood outside her front door.

“God I’m bursting!” she said as she fished inside her bag for the keys. She was frantically hopping up and down now and clenching her buttocks together as she struggled to open the front door. Inside she hurriedly pointed me in the direction of the sofa before hurrying straight towards the bathroom. Karen shared her flat with another male friend, Steve, and you can imagine her dismay to find the bathroom door locked and Steve taking a shower. I heard her shout through the door that she needed a pee and could he hurry. Deep down I was hoping he wouldn’t hurry as I was beginning to enjoy watching her squirm.

She came back into the living room, openly fingering herself through her skirt, and asked me how I liked my coffee. “Black and wet” I replied cheekily, “Oh don’t!” she said, quickly disappearing into the small kitchen. I followed her and watched as she fussed around putting the kettle on and finding mugs, still occasionally squeezing herself as she paced up and down.

With the mugs ready she again called to Steve to hurry, “Steve, I’m desperate mate, please hurry!”. Steve replied that he’d be out in a minute but that she could come in any time. “Dream on buster!” Karen said, squeezing herself harder still. She wandered past me and our eyes met just briefly. I was totally turned on by the experience and suddenly our lips met. This was the first time we had kissed and it lasted a good while before she backed away saying she’d wet herself if we continued. I found myself saying I didn’t mind if she did. The look on her face gave me every hope that one day I may indeed witness such a spectacle but on this occasion she managed to hold out until Steve finally came out of the bathroom.

Later that evening she confessed to having wet herself a bit as she had struggled to get her knickers down in time. Hope springs eternal that I will witness an accident soon!

