A Day in the Life of Melissa

Author: ppPanties (1999-01-07 at 11:39) #26419

Let me introduce you to Melissa, or Mel, as she prefers to be called. Mel is a sexy older, divorced mother of three. The children live away from home, but have been known to visit mom from time to time. Not that this is unusual or unexpected… but much to Mel’s dismay, they are also known to show up, at lets say, not always the most convenient times. How can a visit from an offspring be inconvenient, you say? Mel is a normal, healthy woman, who just happens to like to be naughty on occasion… well maybe more than on occasion. Whether it’s in the privacy of her home, either by herself or with a friend, or in any number of places Mel can find to enjoy her fetish. Mel loves to wet herself… and whenever, and wherever, the mood strikes her… that’s exactly what she does.

Today was no different. Mel had had a very busy and hectic week. It was Saturday, and Mel had no plans but to get a few chores done around the house, and just spend a quite, lazy day at home. She had even left the money for the paper boy in an envelope outside in the mailbox so she wouldn’t be disturbed. Now the “paper boy”, was a young, virile, strapping sixteen year old, who had saved up enough money to buy himself a car, so he wasn’t about to give up this financially successful business. Most move on to other means to earn money long before now, but “Ronnie” was determined not to have venture out into the world of interviews, when he was doing just fine with the old, familiar… and lucrative paper route. At least financial motivation was what he’d told Mel was the reason. But more about Ronnie another time.

Mel sat down to read the Friday paper, which she always waits until Saturday mornings to read, so she can relax and read it while indulging in a few cups of coffee. She was wearing nothing but a little short, wraparound black satin robe, tied at the waist, and blue cotton panties. Soon Mel was feeling the urge to pee, which brought a smile upon her face, and her hand to her crotch… casually rubbing herself through her panties while she read the paper. She started to squirm a bit, but Mel gave no thought to going to the bathroom. She poured another cup of coffee, and finished reading the paper. By now Mel had to reach down and hold herself, as she was really feeling the urge to pee… but not now. She had things to do first.

It was a warm balmy sunny day, so Mel was about to hang out some sheets to dry on the line. She had to pee really badly now. She was holding herself and squirming, and managed to hold in all but a few trickles as she moved about. She loved the feeling and was turned on by the prospect of this peeing game, and would touch and rub herself as she would regain control of her now very full bladder.

“Oh that feels good.”, Mel muttered softly to herself. Mel was becoming extremely aroused as she played with herself through the small wet spot on her blue panties. She put on some slippers, grabbed the laundry basket and went outside, adjusting her robe, making sure she was “decent” in case there was a neighbor milling about in a nearby yard. She had even thought to slip a small towel into the belt of her robe as she knew she would be losing control and emptying her bladder in the process of hanging the laundry on the line.

As she was reaching up and hanging the sheets, pee began to stream down her legs. She was able to stop the stream for a moment, but before she did, she put her hand between her wet thighs to firmly rub her clit and feel the pee flow through her fingers. She looked around and thought she detected the next door neighbor looking out the window, but he was gone when she looked again. This didn’t phase Mel at all. In fact, it only aroused her more. By now Mel couldn’t hold it any longer, and let a long stream of pee gush out. Mel reveled in the feeling of warm pee soaking her panties, and running down her legs and into slippers, to a steaming puddle on the ground. She barely got her hand inside her soaking panties to play with herself, when she had an amazing, intense orgasm. “Oh my God”, she whimpered, as she felt the effects of the orgasm right down to her toes, for what seemed like an eternity… a long, wonderful eternity… one she didn’t want to end.

“Oh no!” she squealed. “I’m sure I heard a car pull into the drive and a car door slam.” She almost panicked, but dried off her pissy hands and put the last clothespin on the sheet she was hanging, dismissing her fear, and thinking it was probably just someone arriving next door. Pee was still trickling down her legs, but she loved the way it felt, so she made no attempt to dry them off.

“Mom!”

“Mom!”

“Viki!”, Mel exclaimed as her daughter came bursting through the back door to her side. Luckily, Mel’s black robe was closed and hiding her soaking wet panties. She was thinking she was glad the robe was black, because she was sure it had to be showing signs of her very recent peeing incident, but nothing seemed to show through the black.

Nervously Mel said to her daughter…”Damn, girl… don’t sneak up on me like that!”

“What are you doing here?”

“I’m sorry Mom, but we made last minute plans to go to a club in the city.”

“I had planned to called, but I got caught up in deciding what to wear and putting a few things together, and had to cancel some local plans I had made.”

At that moment Mel looked towards the back door and saw Viki’s twenty-four year old boyfriend David standing in the doorway looking outside. She gave him a weak smile and nodded, and she realized her robe had been blown open a bit by a gust of wind. She thought she detected a rather obvious bulge in David’s pants… now she knows why. David must have caught a glimpse of her wet panties, maybe have even noticed pee trickling down her legs as it glistened in the sun. hmmm, Mel thought to herself, is it possible David is turned on by desperate, pissing older women?

“Go ahead and finish Mom, and we’ll meet you inside.” Viki proceeded to go inside and join her boyfriend, while Mel nervously finished hanging the last of the laundry. “Whew!” she said as she realized her daughter had never looked down and didn’t noticed her wet panties and legs. “That was close!”

Mel went inside and grabbed a pair of shorts and a shirt from a pile of folded laundry, excused herself and rushed through the living room where Viki and a smiling David were sitting, and into the bathroom to clean up and dress.

Well wetsetters, I hope you enjoyed my first attempt at fiction. If so, I’m ready to bring you more installments of a Day in the Life of Mel.

