Sally Pt. 1

Author: TheDoc (1997'06)

Late last year my neighbour Sally who was expecting a baby in a few months had to go to get an ultrasound. Because she was so pregnant she wasn't comfortable driving, and because I work from home Sally had arranged with me to take her in to the local town clinic about 25 minutes away.

On the morning I dutifully drove over to her property and we left. Sally seemed quite cheerful yet she didn't seem to be herself. As we drove along she seemed to be fidgeting and uncomfortable and her usually talkative mood was a bit strange.

About 20 minutes into the drive Sally could no longer keep still. When I remarked to her what was the matter she almost turned bright red and stammered that she was so full that she would burst. I asked her if she wanted me to stop but she replied that she was told by the clinic not to go to the bathroom that morning before her ultrasound.

She then almost burst out crying and explained that she didn't think she could hold on that long as she always was a frequent toilet visitor anyway. In fact she had put on a pad to stop herself leaking this morning. Sally was really embarrassed. I told her not to be that she couldn't help but feel like this. I also explained to her that perhaps she should relieve herself partly.

Sally was almost in tears and stammered out that she was already leaking and what worried her was that she wouldn't be able to hold back if she started. She was also worried because her constant leak was slowly soaking the pad and she was worried that it would soon leak on her clothes. With that there was a silence until we arrived at the clinic.

I parked the car and Sally practically ran in the clinic. By the time I got in to reception Sally was already gone through to her appointment so I sat down and waited. 20 minutes later a rather quiet and embarrassed Sally appeared and we left.

We decided to have a coffee before going home so we dropped into a Cafe next door. Sally started to apologise to me but I cut her short and told her that it didn't offend me and that I knew why it had happened. This seemed to relax her and we started to talk.

She told me that after she had gotten into the exam room she was so nervous and full that as soon as the doctor put the cold gel onto her stomach she contracted her muscle and squirted the sheet covering her with pee and she thought she would die. Sally was relaxed now and I sensed she was grateful to talk. Sally's husband is an executive and travels a fair bit, Sally in these last few months was generally on her own. She told me that ever since the birth of her first child she had started to have leaking accidents but that if she went often she could manage.

But lately the times between toilet visits were getting shorter and shorter, I was starting to get really excited as she continued to open up in her conversation. We finished our coffee and decided to leave, but first we visited the bakery.

We were about half way home when Sally asked to stop a the local nursery to pick up a couple of things and then we left for home. We were almost 10 minutes from home when again I noticed that Sally had gone quite again. As I glanced at her I noticed that her hands were holding the seat and she was concentrating. I turned to her and asked if she was alright. Sally just looked at me and said that she had started to leak again. I told her to relax and that we'd be home soon. She seemed to relax a bit.

As we arrived Sally got out quickly and went to the door to open it. As I walked up to her I could see a damp patch on the back of her dress. She disappeared into the bathroom and yelled out to me to put on a coffee. I did that and Sally returned in a relaxed mood and change of clothing. As we drank coffee she thanked me for being so understanding. Sally's husband would have dismissed this as women's problems.

She told me that at the moment she had to go to the toilet every 45 minutes or she would leak especially if she laughed or picked up something heavy. I told her that at least with being at home no one would notice her problem. As we talked we got on to other things and soon she was quite relaxed. All of a sudden she stiffened up, and I knew what had happened. She was about to rush off when I grabbed her hand and said to relax. She didn't move and I said that she shouldn't panic. Sally turned to me and gave me a small blushing smile and seemed to relax. I told her that I was quite interest if she wanted to talk more.

As we were sitting in the kitchen she swung around to me faced me and then she . . .

To be continued ...
