The Nurse
 Entry To: Week 52
By: Fluidity (1999-03-29) f T#423

BeachBum at the WetSet site told of a wonderful incident he had with a nurse. I so loved the story that I wrote a dramatization of it. I hope you enjoy them.

###

Alicia stood next to Doctor Fumbly in operating room number seven. She was one of the those assisting in the gall bladder surgery of a certain Mrs. Westerby. Alicia was very proud of her position, and of the skill which she had acquired in the five years at Oakwood Municipal Hospital. She took her profession seriously and all the doctors respected her and were pleased with the level of her work.

This pride filled Alicia as she stood stoically in her position, handing Dr. Fumbly each instrument he called for, and executing precisely every request he made of her. She knew she was good at her work and this made the difficulties of her profession easier to withstand.

Mrs.'s Westerby's operation had encountered several devastating complications and Fumbly was fumbling furiously for the proper response to keep Mrs. Westerby alive. Alicia realized the critical nature of the situation and knew that it was incidents like this which allowed her to rise to the demands placed upon her and devote herself completely to the needs of the surgeon in charge.

This pride and devotion were crucial in permitting Alicia to exert utter control over her bodily functions, e.g., a bladder that had become dangerously and urgently filled in the several additional hours of crisis surgery to which Alicia was forced to attend.

She had known for a considerable time that she was near bursting, but was able to clamp shut her sphincters with iron will and push the pain and urgency out of her mind as she attended to critical life and death activities. 

Once, Nurse Nimbly accidentally bumped Alicia and sent her stomach sharply into the instrument tray over which Alicia hovered, ready for Fumbly's request. The pain was so severe that it took her breath away. Alicia reached down and palpated her stomach and was briefly shocked at how hard and full her bladder had become; it felt like she was carrying a bowling ball inside her body. But she shook off this distraction and continued to attend to Fumbly's requests.

Finally, the accidentally burst arteries and punctured bladder were repaired, the lost sponge was found, the misplaced clamp was located, and Fumbly's left earplug was rediscovered for the third time. Mrs. Wetherby's gallstones were removed, and the suturing of her massive incision began. 

"Nimbly," said Fumbly, "would you assist me in the suturing; Alicia and the other nurses may leave."

"But Doctor," whined Nurse Nimbly, "I've gotta pee so bad, I'm floating; please let Alicia help you. I'd never be able to concentrate the way I feel right now." Nimbly bent over and flexed her knees for the first time this afternoon, physically demonstrating her need. 

"Fine, Nimbly. Alicia, prepare, please." 

Alicia glanced at Nimbly with scorn. "The poor wimp. Can't even hold on to her bladder when her doctor needs her. What is nursing school turning out these days?" She briefly thought of her own bladder and detected her sphincters quivering, but she shut it out of her mind and attended to Fumbly's needs. 

In less than a half-hour the enormous incision was closed. She glanced at Fumbly's left ear and saw the plug was missing again. No time to be a hero, she thought, and walked out of the operating room and into the corridor. 

Alicia had a remarkable ability to compartmentalize her needs. When in the operating room at the service of the surgeon she never let her bodily needs enter her mind. However, when she was out from under those requirements, those needs rose up and took control of her entire being.

"Oh, my! I'm going to need a toilet pronto." Alicia slid her hand back down to her stomach as Doctor Feebly walked by and smiled at her. Rock hard. The enormity of her need was beginning to dawn on Alicia as she began to quickly run through her options. She knew that the only nearby toilet was in the lounge at the end of the hall where the nurses and doctors hang out. The official nurses' rest room was in the other direction and at this time of day was always a zoo, often with a line. "No way I can wait for any line," Alicia thought.

She began walking briskly toward the lounge. Each step, each vibration up from her heel through her leg to her bladder, told her that she only had seconds before her sphincters would give way. They had been holding this sea of piss much too long and the mental control of operating room psychology no longer held sway. Alicia was going to wet her pants in just a few moments. She realized this immediately and picked up the pace. The door was just up ahead. "Shit, let me get my skirt hiked up a bit so it's halfway there by the time I get into the loo."

She turned into the lounge and saw Doctor Shaftson slumped in a chair reading a book. He glanced up at her and held his gaze on her as there was something wild in her eyes that he had never seen before. Alicia knew she was giving out vibes of desperation but there was no time to play to Shaftson, for she had a much more important thing to attend to right now. 

She lunged for the bathroom door... and found it locked. She could not have known, but Doctor Tinkley was taking a massive crap. She wiggled the door handle once more, and it sunk in. She would not make it. There was nowhere she could go. Her bladder was about to empty and she could not control it any longer. Her face flushed crimson, she bent over, and she cried out, "Oh God, I have to piss so badly. I can't wait another moment."

The passion and intensity of that cry just about catapulted Shaftson out of his chair. While staring at Alicia doubled over in agony, he frantically glanced around the room and saw the bedpan. It was only about a foot long, six inches wide, curved, aluminum, used to let patients pee when they could not leave their bed and when they were not catheterized. Shaftson walked over to it and said, "Alicia, here's a bedpan. If you need it right now, get your pants down and I'll hold it for you."

Alicia looked up at Shaftson holding a bedpan walking toward her. Her sphincters were quivering out of control and would open the floodgates any moment. She thought furiously of other options but there were none. Her only choice was to take her whiz into a bedpan that Shaftson was going to hold. She really didn't have time to consider any options of modesty. It was this, or stand there and wet her pants.

She instinctively completed hiking up her skirt and in one movement pulled down her pantyhose and panties. She glanced down at them as they slid over her thighs. These are the lacy white ones she frigs herself in on the way to work on the bus while no one notices, simply by exercising her pussy muscles; she sometimes can have three orgasms while quietly sitting next to some businessman reading the Wall Street Journal, oblivious to the female sexual heights Alicia is attaining scarcely a half inch away from his ass.

Shaftson was transfixed as he approached this gorgeous woman who was uncovering her pussy for him to see. He continued to stare at her sparkling bright blonde pubic hair, alive in the sunlight streaming in from the window. He reached around her ass holding the bedpan with his right hand.

Alicia bent down at the knees with her legs stretched apart as much as her pantyhose and panties permitted, bringing her ass to within a few inches of the bedpan. She reached out to Shaftson's left arm with her right hand and grabbed his upper arm firmly to steady herself.

"Hold that Goddamned fucking bedpan under my ass or I'll piss all over you, Shaftson," she barked out with all the authority she could muster. She knew Shaftson hadn't been here long, and had been caught scanning her body many times. She felt confident that she could keep him from doing anything other than take in the sight she was revealing to him.

Alicia took a great intake of air, closed her eyes, and began bearing down expediting the emptying of her bladder. Her pussy lips parted and her urethra swelled open under the pressure. The thick yellow stream that began cascading into the bedpan was under such pressure that Shaftson's arm was jerked down several inches. He gasped as his eyes went from the gorgeous blond pussy hair Alicia was revealing to him to this fire hose stream of piss clattering into the bedpan with such force that the entire wing of the hospital must be able to hear it.

Alicia bore down and Shaftson stared with awestruck gaze as the clattering sound of piss into empty bedpan turned into the sound of piss into swirling, foaming, piss-filling bedpan. Alicia continued to force her bladder to empty under tremendous pressure, both from urgency and from will; she was experiencing the next best thing to orgasm as she felt her bladder empty, still bursting full, but emptying.

Shaftson's awe at Alicia's blond pussy was fully replaced by the sight of this filling bedpan, the feel of Alicia's tight grip on his arm, and from the smell of her breath and perfume as she crouched a scant distance from him straining to release the pressure she was under. Shaftson was transfixed with sexual intensity and was soon fully erect, despite the awkward position his cock found itself in; with Shaftson's two hands occupied, there was nothing he could do.

Alicia completed the first burst of pressure, exhaled quickly as her stream stopped, and took another breath. She bore down again and her half-full bladder continued to empty with renewed force, the stream still intense. Shaftson quit noticing the amazing swirling foam of Alicia's deep yellow piss, and noticed how full the bedpan was becoming and how heavy it was. He was a strong man and in good shape, but holding this much weight at this awkward angle was very difficult. He began to consider the possibility that she would overflow the bedpan, something that was not supposed to be possible, despite stories of women with a spinal block and IV running who were not cathetered until their bladders swelled to alarming size. No one under control of their body had ever held enough to come close to filling a bedpan to his knowledge, but Alicia was.

Alicia was nearing the completion of her joy. The emptying of her bladder was nearing and the sexual excitement was also nearing its high point. Her pussy lips were swollen with pleasure, as was her unusually large, swollen clitoris. Sitting in such a position as she was, these physical attributes of hers were fully on display to Shaftson, whose gaze was finally drawn away from the filling bedpan. He even found himself darting a glance down her gown at the cleavage that was never before as visible as from this rather unusual position.

Alicia exhaled again, gave her bladder two brief, strong squirts, and was empty. She glanced up at Shaftson's face. He was still staring either down her blouse or at her pussy, she wasn't sure, but his mouth was open and drool was trickling down his chin and dripping onto the floor; she hadn't pissed the floor but Shaftson had certainly drooled it. 

Her gaze went down to Shaftson's crotch where an erection was straining to get through folds of clothes that should never have been put in its way. She released her grip from his arm, reached down to his cock and gave it a squeeze, and said, "I gave you quite a show, didn't I, Shaftson? Thanks for the help. I needed it. Can you reach the Kleenex over on that table?"

Shaftson came to, lapped at his dry mouth, carefully sat the filled bedpan on the floor next to Alicia, and handed her a tissue. She wiped her pussy lips from front to back, as a proper lady should, and handed the damp tissues back to him. "Here, you can keep this as a memento." 

With that she stood up, almost shoving her crotch into his nose, and yanked her pantyhose and panties up over her crotch and ass, and pulled down her white skirt. "See you around," she said, as she walked out the door.

Shaftson told Tinkley what had happened, and the two of them carefully measured the volume of Alicia's piss deposited into the bedpan. At 1732 ml, she exceeded the known volume of a human female bladder. But Shaftson had seen it all with his own eyes, and he would never forget it. 
