A Hair Drying Experience

Author: Skip (1999-04-20) E#000

It was about two in the morning. Karen is finishing the Cobbs report that needs to be on Gary's desk by 9AM the next morning. She had been working on this report for the past four hours and her head was already spinning from her lack of sleep. She then decided to call it a night and finish the report at the office the next morning.

The next morning came, only about an hour plus late. She was so tired the night before, she forgot to set her alarm. Karen jumped out of bed and pulled on her panties, panty hose and bra. She then threw on her navy blouse and slid into her white skirt. She rushed into the bathroom to wash her face, do the make up thing and finally out the door she went with the report in hand. Karen is a beautiful young brunet, 23, with just the right size breasts and a magnificent body.

As she was driving on I45, she realized she forgot to do something. Yes, that's right, she forgot to eat breakfast. Karen decided to just order an early lunch after she gives Gary her report. However, another little problem was now cropping up. Karen didn't take her morning piss. Now Karen is known to have an oversize bladder. She's held her pee for as much as ten hours at a time. But she has never tried holding her morning pee. Normally, in the morning, she could pee like a faucet for two minutes or more. Could her bladder hold it in this time until she got to work?

Pulling into the parking lot, Karen's legs are squeezed tight under her steering wheel. She pulls up next to a guy walking towards the front door of the office building. Her skirt rides up revealing the blue tip of her panties as she gets out of her Lexus. He notices no sign of leakage.

She arrives at her desk with the plan to slip into the loo to relieve her aching bladder. Gary then arrives telling Karen that he needs that report by eight-thirty. Being that it's already five past eight, Karen panics and sits down to immediately try to fish the report. As she starts, the man who was outside sits down at the couch in front of her desk. Already, Karen is visibly fidgeting while she tries to complete her task. Five minutes pass, and a another wave of pain stings Karen's pussy.

She once again clamps her thighs, not caring what the guy on the couch sees. She instinctively moves her left hand towards her crotch and pushes down. With the pain lifting a little, Karen removes her hand and relaxes her silky thighs. She then concentrates on finishing the report while clenching her pee hole to keep from pissing in the chair. As she is working, her thighs drift apart slightly revealing again her blue panty hose clad panties, a little pubic hair peeking out of the left side. Karen thought to herself: If only that guy knew how much piss was begging to be released from behind those blue panties.

The next wave arrives, sending a splintering shot of pain through her pussy. Karen decides to continue finishing the report. Only two lines to go. Under her desk, her left hand is massaging her sore groin. The guy is still sitting on the couch across from her desk, but Karen doesn't care. At this time she has only two priorities: finish the report and take a manly piss. Still feeling the pain, Karen jams her hand tighter into her crotch. She hurries with the report. With the pain finally subsiding again, she gains her composure and removes the hand from the crotch of her panties. She now realizes that the waves are getting closer together and that action needs to be taken before an accident happens. Meanwhile, the guy in front of her desk leaves and heads down the hall. Karen now feels a little more confidants now that some of the pain is gone, and she can now complete the report.

As she completes the last figure, Gary's request for it comes over the intercom. Just as Karen replies, another very strong wave of pain streams through Karen's bladder. Immediately, she clamps her thighs together but it doesn't stop the small spurt of pee that slipped through her panty hose and spotted the chair. Gary noticed her distress over the intercom but remained silent. Karen sat still for two moments trying to keep from pissing in her panties. She now questions whether she could make it to the bathroom. Karen finally just clenches her pee hole closed, gets up from her desk and sends the report to Gary's office. Now that Karen is up and around, gone is the protection and seclusion of her desk. All she could do is hope that she can hold her pee until she reaches the toilet.

Karen walks confidently out of the office, the clicking of her high heels echoing down the brightly-lit hall. She passes the break room to the right. Closer and closer, the ladies room door comes into sight. The clicking stops. Another wave approaches as she jams her hand under her skirt. She stands there for a moment, her thighs clamped around her fist. In her head, she contemplates just sliding her panty hose down right there and pissing full force on the tiled floor. Karen's fingers find the top of her panty hose as she starts to squat. The wave then subsides as she decides to make a final run for the bathroom. Karen hobbles on down the hall, relief coming closer and closer to her aching bladder. Another wave hits. This time dribbling more pee into her panties.

She decides not to stop. She keeps walking with the thought of all that pee just aching to be released from under her. This time her hand is not under her skirt. This time her legs aren't crossed. This time her thighs are not clamped together. This time Karen is using the pure brute force of her pee muscle to keep her pee hole closed. As she walks, her pussy is open to the world. Karen has no thighs or hands to stop the flow. Karen is now free to empty her bladder on the floor if she wanted to. The only thing now between her sore bladder and the toilet is her panty hose, panties and her tightly clamped pee muscle. Karen now approaches the ladies room door. This time, the wave is non-stop. This time the pain is almost unbearable. She has never let it get this bad before. She hopes a stall is available. First one is occupied. Karen's not worried. She'll piss in the sink if she has to.

She bursts through the next stall door, her skirt already hiked above the top of her hose. Karen approaches the toilet, turns her bum around as her index fingers hook the top of her cotton panties. In a flash, she yanks the panty hose covered panties down her thighs as her bucket of hot, pent-up piss sprays out from under her hairy groin. She finally sits her bare behind on the throne, leaning back while her thighs comfortably spread apart within the confines of her panty hose. Her eyes close with a look of pure bliss as her piss thunders into the toilet. Her slender legs straddling the toilet, panty hose and blue panties at mid-thigh. A glimpse of her broom stick thick stream can be seen from in between her thighs, under the hem of her skirt, just behind her damp panties. "Ooh!" she gasps, as the torrent of her piss cascades from under her white skirt splashing into the water below. Karen knew that the person in the stall next to her could hear her loud and evident hiss coming from within her groin.

Karen didn't care. She didn't care that that same person could also hear her pee cascading strait into the water. She wouldn't even care if that same person kneeled between her parted thighs, lifted her skirt, and watched her desperate piss close up. No, all Karen wanted to do was enjoy a well-deserved piss. Wave after wave of her pee gushes out of her cunt. Her thighs flexing outward before each said wave. Karen can't stop. Karen doesn't want to stop. She has been waiting for this moment all morning. She deserves this. Fifty seconds pass, two minutes pass, Karen is still pissing like a horse. "My God, is it going to stop?" she thought. Finally, her stream starts to slow. As it turns to a dribble, Karen pulls the last of the toilet paper off the roll. She dabs the remaining drips tangled within her overly hairy pussy. Just then, Karen feels another wave of piss coming to exit her now spent and sore cunt. She sits back while the second stream shoots out of her hole.

This piss almost as desperate as the last. After ten seconds it finally subsides, leaving a very tired and spent Karen. Still sitting back, realizing she is out of toilet tissue, Karen just decides to rest and collect herself as her pee dribbles off her cunt hairs and drops into the toilet water below. She then asks the person in the next stall for more toilet tissue. No answer is replied. Karen then gets up off of the toilet, her panties and panty hose still mid thigh and pee still dripping from her pussy hairs into her now wet cotton panties. She knocks on the door to the occupied stall. The door opens with a very surprised look on Karen's face. "You were in here the whole time I was peeing?" Karen asked. A reluctant voice returned "Yes." Karen then asked: "Did you enjoy the music I made as I so desperately pissed? The voice again said, "Yes." Then as Karen pulled some toilet tissue off the roll and put it in the person's hand, she asked: "Then would you mind assisting me?" I replied: "You want me to dry EVERY hair?"

