Susan Takes the SAT's

Author: Aquavite (1996'04) f P#034

In high school I had a friend named Susan, with whom I'm still friends. She was (and is) a very attractive girl, now woman. About 5'4", thin, long legs, wonderful firm but large breasts, black hair. She has never been modest but not really an exhibitionist. In high school I remember often being able to look down her blouse and peek at her large breasts and (usually) white lace bras. While there were some other girls whose panties were more often on display than Susan's, Susan's were often visible as she'd cross her legs, sit immodestly with her legs spread, or sit on the ground (in a park or at lunch) with her leg or legs pulled up, affording quite a few boys with a lovely view of her usually white cotton bikini panties. I would often masturbate thinking of those scenes.

A few times Susan and I made out and masturbated each other, usually at parties or afterwards, and I loved feeling her ass through her panties and pushing her panties in her pussy, feeling them get damp and warm. She'd make me cum in my pants, and I'd bring her to orgasm through and sometimes under her panties. I also had a few chances to see her in her bra and panties, once at her house while she was changing with me in the room (I almost came in my pants) and once at a sleep over party when she was wrapped in a sheet and one of the guys pulled it off her and she was wearing only a sexy push up bra and small white cotton panties. She just stood there for a minute and then slowly walked to put on a dress. 

In high school I never saw Susan wet her panties or even talk about it, but fantasized her doing it all the time. Recently I discovered that Susan did in fact wet her panties and dress in high school, twice on the same day, while taking the college entrance SAT exams. She was 17. It seems that she had probably had some coffee early that morning, but as she sat down to begin to fill in the name, address type information she was very, very nervous. Susan is a very bright girl, but tests like that make her nervous. She described what happened more or less this way as we talked recently:

"I was filling in the information, I had just begun, and I realized I had to pee very urgently. I squeezed my legs together, but I was so nervous---I'm always nervous taking tests that you can't study for--that I almost immediately lost control and began peeing in my underpants. God, I must have been wetting myself for 10 seconds before I managed to get in control, but I was very wet. Thank god I had on a black skirt, but I was sitting in a pool of warm pee. Funny, I was embarrassed, and looked around to see if anyone noticed, but I guess they didn't. Anyway, I managed to keep my attention on the test, although I was soaked. But I also felt relieved once I let some out. Funny, I felt actually relaxed but embarrassed (even if no one knew), but my ass and legs were really wet."

"There is a break about mid-way through the test, and by that time I really had to pee again, although I wasn't nervous by this time, but I really was desperate to pee, and I didn't want to wet myself. I got up, hoping no one would notice my still wet skirt....I don't think they did....and almost ran to the girl's room, but there was a line. I really felt I would completely soak myself if I didn't get to pee and knew I couldn't wait, so I just ran into the boys room right next door."

"Thank god there was a stall free. I look at about four boys standing against the wall peeing...I had never been a boys room before...and I was embarrassed and desperate...my dress and panties and legs wet from before...but I didn't care at that point. All the boys saw me, and must have said something like, 'Sorry, I couldn't wait on the girls' line, I won't look', or something like that. Anyway, as I dashed into the stall I lost control again and felt my panties take another soaking, this time spreading down my legs. I yanked by skirt up and panties down, by now peeing out of control and full force...and managed to finish in the toilet properly. I cleaned by self up as best I could, debated taking off my dripping panties, but felt more embarrassed with them off. I wanted to wash my legs off, but couldn't in the boy's room, so I just left as fast as I could without looking at any boys, some others still peeing and talking (as they had been) about the girl in the stall."

"I went back my seat and finished the exam. Afterwards I saw one of the boys who was peeing in the boy's room. He asked me something like, 'Did you make it on time?'. Little did he know, but I lied and said, 'Yes, just....'"

I was very turned on by Susan telling me the story, especially since she's long known of my fetish for girls and women wetting their pants and panties. Anyway, she said she never wet herself before in high school or since, but I wish she had. By the way, she did very well on the SAT's, getting a total score of about 1275. Goes to show what nervous peeing and wetting one's panties can get you...... 
