PeePillow TM (Part 6)

Author: Kaylee Kennicott

Midmorning on Saturday, the doorbell chimed and I let Yamal into my dorm room. He was toting a few boxes, but dashed off to grab more as soon as he set them down.

“Equipment,” he said on his second trip in, “and set pieces.”

Then we stood surveying each other across the row of boxes. It seemed unbearably intimate that we were both here, planning what we were planning, and pretending like everything was normal.

Yamal broke our gaze first, turning hastily to rip open one of the boxes. “I’ve got these portable color-changing lights that I thought we could start with, maybe get some trippy visuals going. I did bring an assortment of backdrops and just a few like, single-color tablecloths which I find make really good backgrounds, as long as you don’t get the ones which reflect light back at the camera-”

One of the things I appreciated about him was the fact that he was treating this venture seriously, even though his cheeks were flushing. He laid out pieces of the kit he had brought - all manner of lights and decor and reflective and non-reflective things — and explained them to me, then stood back to invite me to make the final decision.

“This is your business and your vision,” he said. “I’m just here to help you channel it and implement it.”

We decided, for the first shoot together, to start with something ambitious rather than just a same-old PeePillow video. But we couldn’t decide on what that was.

“I think I should go for the shoes,” I said. “Lots of people want me to pee into a pair of shoes on screen.”

Yamal shook his head. “You could go bigger, truly. If you want to debut a new style, go for an exaggerated version that will catch people’s attention.”

“You don’t think simpler is better?”

“Simple is good, so long as it’s not boring. But you want to excite people. Really push their buttons. We can keep the artistic style simple but still have you performing in an over-the-top way.”

“Several shoes?” I suggested.

“I think several shoes is a start, if you even have them to spare. Don’t you have just one expendable pair?”

“Well, what if we do the shoes, and the underwear, all in one go?”

“I dunno...it still doesn’t have a real sense of abundance to it. I want you to do something that will make your fans’ eyes pop. Like, a whole wardrobe. Like a closet. That’s the kind of crazy excess that’ll drive them wild.”

I sat back and thought for a moment. “Where could I get an abundance of clothes really cheap, or even free?” I wondered aloud. “Like, maybe a donation or a thrift store? Ooh! What about the Lost & Found? There’s a cardboard box in the common room downstairs full of people’s stuff and it’s been there for months. No one would notice if we nicked a few things.”

Yamal turned to me and said, “You’re a genius. Let’s bring the whole box up here.”

So, sharing furtive looks, we crept together downstairs to the common area, tiptoed behind the backs of a few guys watching TV, and absconded with the big cardboard box marked LOST & FOUND. I had to muffle my giggles as we carried it stealthily to my room.

“This is perfect,” Yamal said once he had arranged a tarp in the center of the room, and on it the box spilling over with clothes, shoes, textbooks, socks, hats, and mittens. We hung one of the teal tablecloths on the wall behind and, in a bit of sudden inspiration, I made a crude and childish- looking sign that said PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE which I pinned to the backdrop. The LOST & FOUND sign on the box was front and center, and we had rewritten it on every side of the cardboard.

To go with the school theme, I put on my old cheerleader uniform. No panties underneath, of course.

As I surveyed the set in the center of my bedroom - lit with hazy purple lights and surrounded by three separate cameras to film in all directions with Yamal fine-tuning something on the periphery -1 felt a sudden and deep contentment. Was it possible to discover one’s dream calling like this? For a moment it seemed like I was stepping into a role I was born to do.

Yamal smiled at me; he seemed to recognize my building excitement. “Looks legit, doesn’t it?”

“It really does,” I said earnestly. We had just built this tiny world within my own bedroom. A tiny fantasy world.

“I’d like to film you just interacting with the stuff first,” he suggested. “Something casual, just to get you comfortable with being filmed by another person before you charge right into it. And I’ll edit the shots together later.”

“Sure, yeah. What should I do?”

“Well, what is the narrative you’re trying to tell here?” he asked. “You’ve got your cheerleader outfit on, you’re in the Principal’s Office, there’s this lost & found full of clothes and things, and...what do you do? Why do you do it?”

“I guess...I’m a bad girl,” I said with a cheeky smile and a wink I could never have pulled off if I was being serious about it.

But Yamal took it seriously. “So how would a bad girl behave?”

“I guess...she’d go in and...mess with it. Like, kick it around. Disrespect it.”

“Perfect,” he said. “We’re rolling. Go ahead anytime.”

“Oh! Okay.” I approached the set nervously, squeezing between the tripods.

“I think a bad girl would have more swagger than that,” he said, one eye to the viewfinder.

“Fine then,” I said, and I stood a little taller and wider, striding in to the center.

“Good. Good,” he encouraged.

I glanced down at the box, then away from it nonchalantly, like I couldn’t be bothered. I walked around it, ignoring it, leaning against the wall, flicking my finger at the sign that said “President’s Office.”

“This is so good,” Yamal chuckled, still watching through the lens. “Love the sass.”

All of a sudden I popped my foot out and - pow — kicked the box right in the middle. I had forgotten we taped it to the floor so it would stay in place, and when I clutched my foot and hopped, it was with genuine and not feigned pain. I did smash my toe against it. But Yamal did think it was deliberate and he kept calling out encouragement and laughing.

“Perfect!” he said. “You hate the box. The box is your enemy.”

I glared at it, circling it now with intent like a predator approaches a meal.

“What are you gonna do to that box, huh?” he said. “How are you gonna hurt it back?”

At first I grabbed a few handfuls of scarves and old jerseys and tossed them around on the floor, covering the tarp itself. Then I climbed in the box and threw hats and mittens up into the air like confetti.

Then, I looked straight at the camera, and I gave a shiver. That wasn’t feigned either. In my preparation for this video, I had guzzled an absurd amount of water and all this activity was jostling my bladder and reminding me of my desperate need to pee.

“Fuck,” Yamal breathed.

I clutched both my hands to my crotch and rocked back and forth a little bit, showing off my desperation to the camera. I let my need to relieve myself show on my face, combined with a little fear that I didn’t know what to do next.

I climbed out of the box, still holding my pelvis firmly, and paced around on the tarp. I really had to piss. Like, I really had to piss. So much so that I was almost senseless of the plan ahead. It would have been the biggest relief to just squat right then and there. But I was trying to increase the tension and draw things out for the audience.

Finally, when I couldn’t hold it back any more, I looked over my shoulder at the box thoughtfully.

“Yes, girl,” Yamal hissed. “Give me that slow smile of realization. You know exactly what to do now, don’t you?”

I took two big strides over to the box, hitched one leg over the corner of it so my ass was facing towards the middle, lifted up my skirt, and let my eyes flutter as I finally released my bladder.

My piss shot straight down into the box over the top layer of fabric. I released one long forceful stream and then - with great effort — clamped down to save the rest.

The fact that we had staged this scene for me to improvise and play around in meant that I had total creative license. Although Yamal could encourage or guide me, it was up to me to decide where and when I pissed, and how much.

I was still standing on the tarp and spotted a pair of tennis shoes lying on their side outside the box so I marched over to them. For the camera’s benefit, I examined them, picked one up, made a face, and put it back down.

Then I carefully squatted directly over the pair of shoes and pissed forcefully over them both. I drenched the tops and the laces, then aimed my stream inside each one and partially filled them. I might have left them there dripping, but instead I picked up the shoes gingerly and upended them over the box, dumping all the pee over the rest of the Lost & Found, letting the camera see it all flow out.

Aside from the cheerleader uniform, I wasn’t wearing anything. My feet were bare on the tarp and were just starting to get damp from the pooling liquid.

I thought I had one good piss left in me, so I looked straight at the central camera as I stepped into the box. It was wide enough that I could put my feet apart and squat; I exaggerated the effect by spreading my knees wider, lifting my skirt, and showing off how glistening wet I was before I let loose.

The final release lasted longer than I expected, and it was so deep and satisfying that I wasn’t acting anymore. I groaned, and squatted lower, and totally emptied myself. Yamal had gone totally quiet. The only sound was the hissing of my pee and my own moans.

Underneath me, the assorted clothing and scraps of paper and textbooks were thirstily soaking up my juices. When I moved my foot, it squished slightly against the sodden fabric. I moved my pelvis around a little as I peed, letting the stream circle around so that nothing was left unsoaked.

Even after I voided my bladder completely, I remained crouched there for a moment with a dreamy look on my face. Fuck. That felt so good.

When I had regained control of myself, I looked up at Yamal again, still behind the camera but no longer peering through the viewfinder. Instead he was looking directly at me.

“Was it...was it okay?” I asked, now a little nervous. Did I go overboard? Was he turned off at my enthusiasm? Did the shot come out poorly, and we’d have to re-do it?

He was silent for a moment; nervousness gripped me. But when he opened his mouth I realized that his silence had been speechlessness, because suddenly his true feelings came pouring out.

“Was it okay? Holy fuck, girl, that was probably one of the hottest things I’ve ever seen.” He spoke rapidly, as if he was bottling up his own enthusiasm for risk of scaring me with it. “No joke, it’s like you were made for this. You’ve got the body, you’ve got the face, you’ve got the bladder — like wow, it’s one thing to see a video and another to realize how much you’re actually pissing, like where do you keep it all? — and the way you approached it, sometimes coy and sometimes aggressive...” He breathed out slowly. “Fuuuck.”

I giggled, relaxing a little as the nervousness flowed out of my body. It made me stagger a little, which sent my foot squishing down into a wet mitten, which made me giggle more so that Yamal stepped forward onto the set to give me a hand out of the box.

His hand was warm and firm and secure as he took mine and guided me to a standing position, then braced against me while I stepped one foot out onto the tarp. But with everything so slippery, my foot slid on the mat.

With my weight balanced on my slipping foot, I teetered forward straight into Yamal. He grabbed me around the waist and caught me from falling but in the process, pressed our bodies flush against each other: breast to chest, stomach to stomach, leg to leg.

That’s when I realized he was sporting a rock-hard erection.

He let go of me as quickly as was polite, held me by the upper arms like he was balancing me, and took a step back. I just smiled at him. “I’m flattered.”

He chuckled, a sound of self-consciousness and yet also appreciation. “I’m trying to keep up a pretense of professionalism, at least. But, uh...for now...”

We gazed back at the set we had created, now a complete wet mess. “I guess it’s time to clean up, huh?”

With both of us working together, it didn’t take much time to break down the set, clean up, rinse the tarp in the shower, and discreetly dispose of the lost and found items I had ruined. Though I hoped Yamal might linger, he opted to take the equipment back to his place to process and edit it that very evening.

I certainly didn’t expect that he would work on it so immediately and steadfastly; I had an email from him later that night with the final video edit attached.

“It’s up to you when you’d like to post it to your site,” he wrote in the email. “But seriously...wow. This came out so well, and I think your viewers will go crazy for it. Can’t wait to see the responses.”

I opened the attachment to watch it myself and — he was right. The lights, the scene, the camera angles, and the show itself: everything looked tight and professional and also...beautiful. And sexy.

This was the first video I’d premiere that actually had my face featured in it. Though I’d felt nervous about it, and still did a little, seeing it on screen made it all look so natural and right.

Before I could doubt myself, I went online and uploaded it that very evening. We had worked on the tags and the description and the social media presentation already, so all I had to do was plug in the information from our business plan.

“It’s live!” I messaged him later, though I also guessed he might see my update in the chat room. “Thanks again, a million times over, for all your help with this. It couldn’t have turned out this well without you.”

After all that work, I figured I deserved a little break. One of my girlfriends had texted asking if I wanted to go out drinking with them later. That sounded like the perfect way to unwind after a long day’s work.

The last person I expected to see walking into the bar, after I was already drunk and buzzing from alcohol and excitement, was my own director (and if I was being honest with myself, which I was because I was drunk, my new crush) Yamal Deep.

One of the other girls did comment on his arrival: he was a handsome man, and his walking in attracted attention. “Would be nice,” she said wistfully, looking at his ass in those jeans while he stood at the counter and ordered something.

“Mmm,” I said noncommittally. It was a bit of a thrill, knowing what I knew about Yamal’s own interests. Hell, I had seen his cock already, in hundreds of piss videos. That would make fun bragging rights, if it didn’t open me up to some unanswerable questions. “Dare me to go talk to him?” I said.

“What?” the girls laughed and shrieked a little bit, which did draw Yamal’s attention to our table. His eyes widened as he recognized me in the middle.

“I said,” I repeated slowly and deliberately. “Should I go flirt with him? What will you do if I get his number?”

“Girl!”

They were all laughing at my brazenness, assuming it was because I was drunker than I was. But I was only drunk enough to feel a little confident.

“I totally want to see this,” someone said, and another added, “If you get his number, I’m buying you a drink. But I’d buy you a second if you share that number with me.”

I laughed, finished my glass in one swig, and stood up. “I’m doing it.”

Yamal watched me approach, which made the girls behind me go, “ooooooh.” As if they couldn’t be more obvious.

“Hey,” I said casually, walking up to him.

“Hey, yourself,” he said, leaning his elbow against the bar counter. “They don’t...know, do they?”

“Oh, god, no. They have no idea we’ve ever met before,” I said. “So it would be super if you could write your number down on a napkin or something before we leave, just to uphold my reputation.”

He laughed. “No problem. You have it already, anyway.”

“That video...you did such an amazing job/’ I told him earnestly.

“Hey! That’s my line,” he protested. “You’re the visionary and the actor. I’m just holding the camera.”

“No, no,” I said. “You did so much more than that. Even in small ways.” I hesitated. “I’ve never been able to share this with anyone else in person before. That small thing...” I shrugged. “It’s made a huge difference. Just in my own feelings about it. My esteem. My self-consciousness.”

He nodded. “I know what you mean.

My experience has been...similar? It’s strange but...going from loner videographer to behind- the-scenes support for you has really made me feel...” His eyes lingered on my face. “Well, I don’t know exactly. Less alone.”

I covered his hand on the counter with mine. “I also know what you mean.”

The bartender in front of us cleared his throat, clunked a couple shot glasses down, and poured vodka up to the brim before sliding them across the bar. “Courtesy of the folks over there. Enjoy.”

Yamal chuckled, but accepted it and clinked his glass against mine. “Thank your friends for me later, will you?”

“I will,” I promised, and we took the shot.

The rest of the night passed in a bit of a blur: me waving a napkin triumphantly at my friends, who groaned and clapped at my success; Yamal taking me by the hand as we ducked out surreptitiously to relieve our overfull bladders in the alleyway instead of in the bathrooms; and then the way we collided together kissing before coming back to my room and collapsing in a tangle of sheets.

In the morning I extracted myself groggily from his embrace; then a shot of adrenaline kicked in and woke me up as I looked down at Yamal sleeping in my bed. Did we...?

It seemed we both had our pants (or in my case, panties) on, though Yamal was shirtless. I suddenly remembered an image from the night before of straddling him in my bed and kissing enthusiastically, though we hadn’t gone all the way.

He stirred a little but didn’t wake up as I moved about the room cleaning myself up. It was hardly recognizable as the same place where I had soaked a box of clothes just the day before.

That reminded me - I sat down hastily at my laptop and opened up my piss porn profile, curious to see what reactions were like to the newest upload.

But I didn’t get further than the front page before I sat back, stunned.

My video — our video — had been featured by the editors and now occupied a “starred” spot on the curated front page. It wasn’t just marked “hot” with a little flame icon - it was all the way to “viral” level.

When I signed in, my inbox was FULL of fanmail and, to my surprise, messages from ad sponsors who wanted to team up with me and give me money to use their products in my videos. And when I checked my donation and tips page, I nearly fell out of my chair.

“Yamal,” I said, crawling back into bed next to him. “Yamal, wake up. I have to show you something.”

He was just as stunned to see that we had made the front page. “This is only the first one,” he said in astonishment. “Wait until they see what else we can do.”

