The Best Sighting I’ve Ever Had 
  Entry to Week 41
by Thomas (1998-03-21)  

Occasion: Looking out of my office window across the harbour to the beach 

Date: Friday 13 March 1998 

I’d had a bad day, the office was empty but for me at about 15:30 on a  Friday and I was staying put.  I noticed a couple playing with a kite  on the beach opposite which is well sheltered and so rarely has any  wind.  They weren’t having much success: she appeared to have got the  strings tangled and he kept throwing it up pretty much from a  standstill hoping to catch a gust.

I’ve sometimes thought of myself as having a sixth sense for divining  for full bladders before the person even begins to fidget, but never  realise I have noticed: I just get distracted from whatever I’m doing  to watch the person concerned.  I gradually consciously realise that  she’s fidgeting and get more and more excited as I watch.  This was one  of those occasions, and over the next hour I occasionally looked up to  see them playing Frisbee.

It was about 17:00 when I thought I caught sight of the woman fidgeting  out of the corner of my eye, and leapt up from desk to get a better  view.  We have a pair of binoculars in our office (I think voyeurism  may well be their intended use, though we occasionally watch sailing  incidents too), which I used to enhance the experience that was to  come.

They were standing on the left side of the beach, throwing along the  waterline.  At least that’s how they started.  After each throw they  would move some distance further around the perimeter of some imaginary  circle, I thought at first prompted by him but probably, I think, due  to her shouted persuasion to move.  Remember that at this point I still  hadn’t see her fidget properly, but I remember thinking to myself  “She’s bursting, why hasn’t she gone?” I could think of two reasons:  she was embarrassed to need to, possibly because she was with him, or  she was enjoying the game and would raise the issue when the need to  pee got even worse.

Initially this circle, the closest side of which was in the sea, had  him at about eight o’clock and she at 1 o’clock, but with each throw  they moved clockwise by a varying degree.  She was bounding to her  left, crab-like, clearly either desperate and using the movement to  fidget or due to enthusiasm.  I hoped for, and was pretty convinced of,  the former.  I think they crossed the circle when she reached about 2  or 3 o’clock, so that now she was at 9 and he at 4.  They continued to  circle with each throw, apparently also chatting, though her ability to  catch and throw was dreadful.  Because of her bounding, she was ready  to catch much quicker than he was able to throw, and started to lift  her feet whilst waiting.  She was clearly urging him to be quicker with  her arm movements.  She lifted her feet behind her in turn quite fast,  bending her knees in what is a classic sign even though few of us have  ever actually seen it happen more than a handful of times.

Three or four more throws placed her at about 2 o’clock again.  She  missed him completely with a half hearted throw during which she kept  her legs firmly together, and he had to go and retrieve the Frisbee.   She bent at the waist and didn’t move sideways.  She had a waist length  top on and blue jeans, loose except across her pelvis.  She appeared to  put her right hand in her pocket then, looked up apparently to check he  was still busy with the Frisbee.  She then straightened a little and  seemed to put her hand between her legs, then removed it and I’m sure I  heard a little scream of delight.  She started to hobble across the  beach moving to my left towards a rocky outcrop which shields  sunbathers changing from the town opposite the beach.  She kept the  tops of her legs close together, moving oddly with just her knees and  ankles providing most of the movement.  It was remarkably effective, as  she covered the distance quite quickly.  I couldn’t believe my eyes, I  was seeing probably one of the most desperate people I ever had.  I  still thought she must have just been putting it off in favour of the  game.

He noticed her rush and ran up to her.  She had stopped with just her  feet hidden behind a low rock and was jumping up and down quite clearly  unbuttoning her jeans.  He grabbed her and then ran round her to push  her away from the rocks and I instantly knew she was playing hold-it  for him.  She escaped his grasp and squatted forwards still with the  jeans on, but out of my sight.  He pulled her back up and she tried to  get free.  He hugged her and she reciprocated, momentarily stopping  what had been constant fidgeting and squirming.  They remained embraced  with her arms round his neck and him gripping her quite firmly around  her buttocks.  Soon she obviously couldn’t stand still and they started  a rhythmic stepping circle, still hugging, moving round a point in  between them.

They stayed that way for what seemed like about 60 seconds, but I think  was probably more like 30.  I was feverishly pacing (just as if  desperate) out of exasperation to see what would happen next.   Suddenly, as she was facing the town and he had his back to me, she  stopped and looked across the water.  She seemed to have realised they  were in full view - he turned to look too and then they moved as one  further behind the rocks, out of my site.  I’m pretty sure they were  undoing their clothing (each doing their own jeans) as they disappeared  from view, and certainly they must have sat, squatted or lain down to  be totally out of sight.  It was now about 17:15.  Most of what I have  described happened in the last 5 to 10 minutes.  There was to be a  meeting in our office at 17:30, but I stayed glued to the window for as  long as I could, straining and standing on chairs to improve the angle  and hopefully see over the rock, but to no avail.  Just after twenty  past my boss returned, forcing me to casually return to my desk.  

The conference table is between my desk and the window, and the two at  the meeting continued apparently oblivious to the many glances I cast  past them to the beach.  By now the light was fading, and when the  meeting broke up at 18:15 I could only see the contrast between the  rock and the sand.  I stayed at work for another twenty minutes as the  light went completely, not getting much done (!)standing at the window,  but didn’t see them leave.  I think they were still there behind the  rock as I went home.

Postscript: It had been my birthday the previous week, and I wonder now  if someone somewhere will ever give me such a great birthday treat as  the fidgeting and desperation I observed that day.  I hope so.

