A weird dream

Author: Accidental Tourist (2000-09-26 at 12:25) W#72154

I had an interesting dream the other night — not sure what it means, but it was strange in that it had a strong yet strangely affectless ethical component to it.

In this dream I was meeting a woman, not my own partner, whom I had met through the WetSet web site. We were going to go to a movie together. In fact the movie was going to be one that had been written up in the Pee Movie list; it could have been Holy Smoke or The Man Who Fell to Earth, or Exposed; at any rate it was a movie with some wet content. And we were planning to meet others at the theatre from this site for a communal pants-pissing experience at a midnight screening.

The woman I was meeting had long dark hair — she was younger than me (perhaps in her 20s). I met her just outside the theatre. We held hands and waited in line to go inside. She confessed to me that she was already desperate to pee; I felt the same way. Once inside, we agreed that she would find a couple of seats for us together, and I would buy us some drinks. This is where it got strange: she asked me to get her a 7-Up or a Sprite or something — a clear soda, as she “already had her funnel”. I expressed surprise. She said she had a funnel and a tube stuck down her pants, into which she would pour the soda. “So you're not going to pee in your pants then?” I asked. She replied no, that she didn't think it was ethical for her to wet her pants in the theatre. By pouring her soda down her pants, it would look like she wet them, but she wouldn't be spilling anything on the theatre seats that didn't always get spilled on them anyway.

I was flabbergasted, and disappointed. I argued that the cold soda pouring through her pants would in no way feel like fresh warm pee, that she had to pee anyway, so was she just going to go in the restroom (she said yes), and that since everybody else was going to be peeing on the seats, what difference did it make if one seat more or less was soaked with pee or some other equally wet liquid, especially sugary soda pop? She was adament in her refusal. I offered to get her some warm green tea, which would at least feel and look like pee, and wouldn't be as sugary to boot, but she replied that it just wouldn't be the same — that people at theatres didn't usally drink tea.

I felt more and more estranged from her, and she from me, and we ended up sitting apart at the show.

That was it, a very weird dream, very rational/intellectual, about a highly unlikely hypothetical situation.

