Length of time some women can wait

By Roland (1996-01-16 on 17:45:00 PST)

(From Thomas: An email I received from someone wishing to remain anonymous in response to the article of size of women's bladders. He asked me to tidy up the English, which I have done.)

Hi,

Do women really have smaller bladders than men? I've no definite answers to  that question, but it would seem to me that there's a great variety of  women's bladder sizes ranging from small containers which force their  owners to pee quite frequently to large rubberlike balloons inflatable  virtually to infinity.  But what does small and large really mean? Let me  report four incidents together with some numbers (BTW, I would greatly  appeciate more quantitative descriptions about this subject. Ladies  and gentlemen, more facts and figures, please!).

The first time I watched a girl peeing was many years ago when my aunt and  her daugther were visiting us. I was 10, my cousin 15, and in our small  house we slept in the same room. One night, it was early in the morning, I  woke up and heard a faint trickling sound. I peeked through my almost closed  eyes and saw in the dark my cousin squatting over our chamber pot emptying  her overfilled bladder. She tried to pee as silently as possible and it took  forever, I thought she'd never stop. I was quite aroused but continued to  breathe slowly and deeply, faking being a sleeping boy. In the morning,  when my cousin left the room, fortunately without taking the pot with her,  I quickly took a pencil and made a barely visible high water mark in the  pot. Using a measuring jug, I determined later her flood to about 900 ml,  not bad for a 15 years old girl! (This shows clearly my early interests in  scientific measurements ;-) .

A former girlfriend could hold it in for ages and did it quite often  deliberately. Her all time hold on record I witnessed was when we stayed  overnight with friends in a cottage where the loo facilities were very  questionable. She held it in from 8:00 p.m till 4:30 p.m. the next day, that  is for 20.5 hours! But she didn't show any signs of being desperate. Back at  home she went to the loo without hurry and let a torrent of pee with a loud  hissing and splashing sound which took a full minute.

But this wasn't her longest pee I could listen to. One day, after a long  journey when we returned home, she announced that she was dying for the loo  and dashed into the bathroom. I don't know how long she hadn't been or how  much she'd drunk at that time but taking into account her amazing hold on  ability this looked very promising! She gushed like a firehose for 60  seconds, then the flow stopped abruptly. But her bladder still wasn't empty  as she continued to squeeze out a series of short, hard spurts which took  another 40 seconds. Impressive indeed and I deeply regret that I never dared  to seduce such a well endowed woman into the w/s fetish.

Let me finish with a story I was watching on our TV a few years ago. In a  talk show, three young people (two guys and a girl) were interviewed.  They'd been trapped in a lift which got stuck on a weekend when nobody  noticed the're predicament for a long time. They reported how they first  tried to call for help, then how they tried to escape by brute force, but without success. Inevitably, the interviewer asked about some human needs  and the guys told frankly how they managed to pee through some cracks they'd made into the walls, leaving the lift cabin dry. And what about  the young lady?  To the talk master's (and my) surprise, she admitted that she'd managed to  hold it in all the time. The three were caught in the lift for 27 hours!

###

I've had a discussion about this with a few women who've all said that they could do this sort of thing in a similar situation, but they've yet to meet a man who could.

Any comments? :-)

