Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 09
	Night out with the girls leads to the NRI betraying one.
Author: sin138

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

*

For the past week, Deepika was taught the etiquette in approaching women. More specifically, she was taught how to 'seduce' girls, by Hridhya. Her stomach felt uneasy as it felt these steps were less about seducing, and more about being a predator. The Bihari girls were planning a night out. The target for tonight was Abhinaya. She will be the first girl to be star in one of Deepika's sex tape project. She is questioning the other girls are going to help her, but she just figures that Hridhya was that convincing.

As a gift in managing to make a sex tape with Zakir, she was allowed to wear clothes in the apartment, until the big night comes. She was even given access to her closet. She was told that if she manages to make a sex tape with the required people without any help or push from her 'teachers,' then she can be given a week of full access to her closet, and a break from her slut lessons.

Deepika was also thankful that it seemed hardly anyone believed her batch mates from clinical postings about what happened. To them it was too unbelievable that anyone would do that.

Girls night out

She stands in front of the mirror, looking at her naked body. In her head she keeps memorizing the steps, Hridhya claims she guarantee to work on Abhinaya. Her explanation was that unless the women happen to be lesbians, it is best to follow these rules. Deepika feels unsure about it.

"Are you sure?"

"Don't worry," Hridhya dismisses her. "Follow these steps and this will work."

"I'm sure this will work," Deepika said, nervously. "I'm just worried whether what we are doing is wrong."

Hridhya rolled her eyes at what the NRI said.

"Do not worry your little head about. Just remember that if these tapes are not done, you will lose the apartment, passport, and anything else we are keeping. You will end up homeless without access to a plane. You want to risk all of that for just one girl?"

This has shut her up. She does not want a repeat of the Bangalore trip.

"No."

"Exactly," Hridhya grinned. "Now while I get your dress, tell out loud the first step."


Lesson 1: How to dress and wear make up

Biggest mistake is wearing too much (both makeup and clothes). Lipstick and maybe mascara is more than enough. Too much will make you look fake. In case you don't come back tonight, it is best to wear your glasses. Don't want any awkwardness with contacts.

As for clothes, there is no such thing as under dressing for an event. The minimum requirement is footwear. Rule of thumb to follow is whatever other people are wearing, you must wear one layer less. For example, if you are in a beach, and people are wearing swimsuits, you are not permitted to wear anything. However if they are wearing a tshirt and shorts, then you can wear at most a bikini.

Since you are in your first year only, you permitted to match what others are wearing, but be prepared to strip if needed. Make sure your underwear is also good, as you will be seen in just that.

"Good, slut," she replied. "I got your clothes ready. Put them on."

Body hair is not going to be her problem, thanks to her Bangalore night where she got the laser removal treatment, however she has been told she needs to go again, for another hair removal treatment.

She sees a lingerie set, which she first wears. She slips on the black thong, before she puts on the bra. They both felt silky to the touch. Afterwards she slips on the dress. The dress maybe strapless, but the bra straps, are jutting out, much to Hridhya's disappointment.

"This is not right," Hridhya comments on the dress. "The bra has to go. "

She then removes the bra off, and properly adjusts the top of the dress to ensure some coverage of at least her nipples. Finally she looks in the mirror.

She is mesmerised to see herself wearing a stunning black dress, stopping stopping just a few inches below her vulva. With no straps, and being tight fitting, her cleavage is prominent. Along with the dress she is wearing black stilettos, and her black glasses.

Hridhya goes to the bathroom, as soon as the knock comes.

Deepika opens the door, to find Madhavi in a red sundress, and white sandals. With the next study tip in her head she greets Madhavi, who promptly scans the NRI and tries not to bite her lips in front of her.


Lesson 2: Greeting Woman

Unlike boys, not all women would want to fuck other women. Therefore greet them like you would anyone else. Compliment them on how they look. As a good hint on what to say, say things you may prefer others to say to you. Make them feel comfortable with you.

"Madhavi," she greets excitedly, while hugging her batch mate. "You look hot!"

"Thank you," Madhavi replies, while blushing. "Love that dress!"

"So you guys wanna stay over here tonight?"

"No need. We rented a hotel room for all of us to stay for then night. You better be stay with us too."

"Why won't I?" Deepika laughs.

"Great, and don't worry, Abhinaya has no idea what is going to happen. This is gonna be a fun time."

"Yeaaah," Deepika nervously laughs.

They drive to "Club heaven." They find Prianka, Abhinaya, and Aaisha at a table, and already with the shots, shocking the American teen. These were the same girls who thought alcohol was disgusting, back in first year. Now they seem to having the time of their lives.

They order their drinks and sit down. While many topics came up. There is one popular one that keeps on repeating, much to Deepika's delight, everyone's hatred of Hridhya. However she still remembers that she's working and remembers her next lesson.


Lesson 3: Drink Etiquette

You are the one to start drinking. You are the one to push people to drink. You are the one to make sure they are so drunk the night will be forgotten. Remember the more influenced people are the more susceptible to any sexual favour you want. If you are worried about legal ramifications, don't. As a slut, the law is just a piece of paper to wipe your pussy juice with. Let the others worry about that for you.

There was one problem however. Deepika does not have any money to pay for the continuous drinks. She remembers in one of her lessons, she must learn to get free items using her body as payment. Anuj hammered it in her, when they went out to eat, and she had to flash the workers for her bill. Knowing what to do, she excuses herself and goes to one of the waiters.

"Excuse me, anna," she moans, getting his attention. She huffs her chest to make her cleavage more noticeable. "Would you be a darling an-"

"I'm not giving you free drinks," he interrupts rudely.

"What makes you think I won't pay?" she asks feeling rather shocked. "Even if I let you have your way with me?"

"Pushing your boobs out, talking like some whore," he tells. "Next thing you're going do is place your hand on my chest or shoulder."

"I was not going to do that," she scolded, trying to sound offended. She was going to place it over his groin, like the slut notes said.

"I'm sorry, but every women always tries that to get free drinks, maam," he explains. "Even if I do fall for your pathetic flirting, I get nothing. I have never heard of any waiter like us actually doing it with rich girls like you. So why should I help you?"

Action has to be taken. She drags the suddenly surprised waiter into the men's toilet, locks it, strips of her dress. He simply stairs at the thong clad girl, unsure what to do.

"What do you want to do with me?"

The waiter just looks stunned at seeing a half naked student in front of him.

"Do what you want, and tell the bar tenders, I'm willing fill their desires before my friends leave," she states. "All I ask is that you make sure their drinks are kept filled, and we don't pay for it."

After a minute of silence, he says, "Get on you knees."

Without further orders, she gets down on her knees, pulls his dick out, and sucks on it, until he blows is load into her mouth. However before she moves away, she feels him push her head against his moist pubes.

"Hold tight woman," he gasps. "I have to pee."

"Wait," she interrupts. "I'm not ready for this."

Her mouth gets filled up quickly forcing her to guzzle it all down. By this time she has gotten used to this. However being sober, she struggle to keep the urine in. When she is drunk or high, she can embrace the urine. Sober however, she tries hard to suppress the gagging from the obnoxious liquid. As soon as he finished, he tucked his flaccid penis in, and thanked her. She wanted to get the taste from the mouth, but also remembered this was not the first time.

"I'll tell the others what you told me. They will expect you to keep your end of the bargain, slut."

As soon as he left, she took the bidet hose to wash her body off. She then dressed herself, but struggled as the dress is clinging to her wet body. When she finally covered herself, to the best she can, she came back to the table. They are too drunk to notice she was missing.

As the night goes on, they drank, they danced, and drank some more. Finally it is closing time. The waiter wishes them good night and takes Deepika to the side.

"Give me your phone," he hisses.

She gives it. He types his number in, and sends a message to his phone.

"Will text you where to meet us. We have to clean up the place before we leave however."

Deepika winks and clumsily leaves the club. She gets on the bike behind Prianka. Soon they get off at a large hotel, and go up to the room. More drinks were in the room. Deepika receives hers, but she "clumsily" spills it over Abhinaya, much to everyone's amusement.


Lesson 4:

Once you are in an environment comfortable for the girl, find a way to get her out her clothes. One of the easiest ways is to pretend to spill a drink over their clothes. Offer to wash the stains and get their clothes off. If they are still hesitant, get them even more drunk.

"I am so sorry," Deepika apologises. "Let me get this off you."

"No I don't think-"

"It's just us girls Abhinaya," Deepika giggles. "There's nothing to hide."

But Abhinaya couldn't complete her sentence. She just goes with the flow as the other girls take video of the event. She pulls off the the dress, revealing a tight fair body. She then pulls off her bra, which apparently was not extra padding, for her tits sprung out, the moment they were removed. Everyone gawks at how big they were. Finally she pulls down the drunk girl's panties exposing her hairy bush. They throw the clothes into the sink to soak, as Abhinaya rolls around feeling her skin over the comforter.


Lesson 6:

Now that she is naked, touch her skin. Test how far you can go with the subject. If she protests, she is still too sober, so you must get her more intoxicated. If she allows, then stimulate her in her erogenous areas. If she still complies, then do all that slut would wish. Be sure to have it all recorded.

With that Deepika gently kisses the intoxicated girl on the lips, as the others watch. With Deepika's phone, Prianka records the scene, as Abhinaya kisses back. Madhavi watches with keen interest, enchanted by Deepika's movements. Aaisha, however, falls asleep on the bed.

Deepika squeezes Abhinaya's legs, as Abhinaya holds on writhes over the bed. Her hand slowly moves forward up Abhinaya's leg, and then it moves inwards towards the forbidden zone. The moment she reaches, she cops her hands between drunken girl's legs and starts to rub it.

Madhavi follows suit on her own body. While watching, she slowly finds her hands slipping underneath the dress, and into her panties. Prianka glances quickly at Madhavi's action.

Deepika then moves down towards Abhinaya's loins. Her face to the hairy nether regions, she dives in and starts rolling her tongue inside.

This feels much different from sucking dicks. Deepika's face is deep in pubic hair, to stimulate the drunk girl. However unlike with the boys, the girls are not insulting her, or berating her. They simply watch, and give her support. Aisha, was still fast asleep.

Abhinaya is moaning as Deepika keeps on going. She feels her head getting squeezed by Abhinaya's thighs, but she persists. All Deepika could think about was getting a good recording of her victim's orgasmic face. Her apartment depends on it.

Prianka moves closer to get proper view of her friend's face. Giggling throughout, she then moves downward to Deepika's, as she eats the drunk girl out. Prianka herself is struggling to steady the image, the whole room is spinning. Even though they all promised not to tell Abhinaya about the video, she will positively tell her about her sex with Deepika. It is just too juicy.

Abhinaya feels the pressure about to release. Soon enough, she arches her back, and grips on to the sheets. Deepika feels the vaginal walls pulsate, as Abhinaya's orgasm intensifies. She even feels Abhinaya's leg squeeze even harder. Finally Abhinaya relaxes and passes out. Deepika gets up, and covers her naked body with the bed sheets. She turns to Madhavi and sees her sleeping, still with her hand in her pantie. Abhinaya is still awake.

"That was awesome," she whispers. "By the way I think you got a message."

Deepika looks to see it's a few messages from the same number. The waiter and his bartender friends are still waiting at the club for her. They kept messaging where the hell she was. The last message is te most concerning one.

We know where your friends are staying tonight. One of them told us. If we can't have you, we wil have them.

In response, she quickly replies that she is on her way, tidies her dress and head for the door.

"Where do you think you're going?"

Deepika jumps at her voice, explaining her predicament.

"I'm sorry, Prianka, but those drinks weren't really free. I promised them me, as payment for the night."

Prianka, responds with, "Really? I'll come with you, we also had the drinks too."

"I don't think that's a good idea," Deepika says back. "You are drunk as a fish, and these men will not be nice I think."

"N-no don't leave me out of this," Prianka talks back at the NRI. "I'm gonna come, and help you. That's what friends are for."

"Trust me, Prianka, you do not want to come with me," Deepika warns her.

Unfortunately, Prianka was adamant. Eventually Deepika gives in and they take the auto back to the club. She knows she went against one of the rules, but there was no way she wants to let anything happen to them. It is bad enough she has to make a sex tape with each of them. However she remembers Hridhya's notes on such a matter.


Lesson 7:

If however, someone up front offers herself to you or to others say yes. Do not show resist. A slut is open for anything sexual. If they have no problem being treated like a slut, why should you? You must do whatever you can to make them more available, no matter how intoxicated they are.

Tonight, she will make a second sex tape.

Club orgy

The duo gets off at the auto. Deepika asks Prianka again.

"Are you sure you don't want to turn back?"

"I just saw my friend have the best time of her life," she slurred. "I wanna see how it is with dicks."

As concerned as she was for Prianka, she is at least glad the she will not be alone.

Deepika takes her, and knocks on the door. There was no answer. After a second knock, she decides to message the waiter, that she is here.

Within minutes, the door unlocks and the two are rushed inside.

He smirks seeing another girl with the NRI.

"I see you brought a friend."

Prianka then starts talking. "She didn't want me to come. She thinks you people are a bunch of rowdies."

The waiter laughs at what looks like an inebriated teen.

"Would a rowdy do this?" he asks, when he suddenly pulls off Prianka's dress, leaving her in her underwear.

"We want you to be gentlemen," she slurs, covering herself up.

"Well only if you act like a lady," he chuckles. He turns to Deepika. "You seem to be wearing too much clothing for to be a lady, though. Let's take the rest off."

Without hesitation, she pulls of her dress, exposing her topless appearance. She then takes off her panties, and gives it to the waiter.

The waiter leaves the dresses at the entrance, as the two girls walk inside the club room. They find the bartenders, and the other workers waiting for them. All of them had their bottoms off. Many even wore masks, to cover their faces. The girls walked deeper into the crowd as the lecherous men stroke themselves eyeing the half naked students.

Deepika turns to the waiter and says, "I thought you wanted to go to a hotel room."

"The manager allowed us to use the club. All he asks is a video recording of the event. Go on top of a table, and start dancing."

Obediently they two climb up on the table. Soon enough, the music starts blaring through the speakers. The drums immediately got Prianka to dance, while Deepika desperately tries to copy her moves. She is not that familiar with these kinds of songs. The crowd cheers, as the girls groove to the beat.

She hears the waiter shout, "Take those panties off!"

This prompted Prianka to start removing her bra and throw it to the crowd. Soon enough she starts to feel comfortable. She thrusts her pelvis at the loud men. She slips her hand in Prianka's panties, and pulls it down to her ankles. In return, Prianka starts kissing Deepika. She is somehow a worse kisser than the super seniors.

Prianka kicks off her panties, and the two get down from the table to join the rowdy crowd. They kiss as the hands constantly grope their tight bodies.

"They are touching me in me places no man would," she whispers in Deepika's ears. "I feel shame, and pride at the same time. Is this how you feel?"

"I do," Deepika answers back.

"I can see why you do this to yourself," she giggles.

Soon they notice they are being dragged from one another. The workers want the girls to instead focus on their cocks. Their lips were replaced by dicks. Deepika's then starts getting busy with a dick in each hand, and in her mouth. As she jacks of the two dicks, one of them has an idea. Her face inches back, as it gets hit by a stream of piss by the cock in her left hand. Finding it amusing, the cock in her right hand follows suit.

Before she could express her distaste in the action, her dick that was in her was suddenly replaced by a leafy thing with something stuffed inside.

"What is this?"

"This slut doesn't know what paan is?" one of the workers laugh.Stuff her ass with the cannabis extract. That might shut her up."

