Presidential Testimony on The Forbidden Pages

Author: Fluidity (1998-10-03 at 06:52) #19875

The public is unaware of the fact that a portion of the video of President Clinton's Grand Jury testimony was excised and not released to the public. However, our sources have obtained a transcript of that excised testimony. It will come as no surprise to the readers of this august forum that the excised Presidential Testimony concerns “The Starr Report: The Forbidden Pages.” Because of the sensitive nature of this testimony, the questioning of the President was undertaken by the Honorable Kenneth Starr.

KS: Mr. President, then upon concluding your conversation with the First Lady you returned to the bathroom where Ms Lewinsky was suffering severe urinary discomfort and locked the door. You, however, left the First Lady with the impression that it was you who were in urinary discomfort, which was an out and out lie.

PC: That is correct, Judge Starr. But I want to make it crystal clear that there is nothing in our history that makes lying to one's spouse an impeachable offense.

KS: Unless, that is, Mr. President, you were lying to a government official. It is a fact, is it not, that you have appointed the First Lady to any number of critically important governmental activities, not the least of which is the National Organization for the Preservation of Our Natural Springs and Streams.

PC: But the First Lady was not acting in any official capacity when I told her that I needed a whiz… uh? Oh, strike that; was in urinary discomfort.

KS: Mr. President, was it at that time that you assisted Ms Lewinsky in relieving her urinary discomfort?

PC: No sir. That is an incorrect inference. I never assisted that lady, Ms Lewinsky, in urinating. Instead, I was enabling her to make a sound as if she were a male urinating. I had no interest in her urinating at all. It was the sound that I was very concerned with at that point in time, for the First Lady was hovering just on the other side of the locked bathroom door, and the First Lady was quite critically interested in hearing the sound of a man urinating. Does that make it any more clear, Judge Starr?

KS: No Sir, it does not. So if you did not assist her in urinating, what did you assist her in? No, strike that. How did you assist her in, um, in making a sound as if she were a male urinating. What did you do?

PC: I enabled her stream to flow unimpeded from her pee hole… huh? Her what? Oh, strike that; from her urethral orifice (muffled snickering) to the toilet.

KS: Being more specific, did you spread her vaginal lips?

PC: No sir. That is an incorrect inference. I had absolutely no interest in her vaginal lips at all. Instead, I was simply providing an unimpeded path for the flow of her urine from her urethral orifice to the toilet.

KS: But how did you provide that unimpeded path Mr. President? Did you not stand behind Ms Lewinsky and reach around and spread her vaginal lips?

PC: No sir. That is an incorrect inference. I stood behind her and did whatever I could to provide an unimpeded path for the flow of her urine from her urethral orifice to the toilet. Now I did part her pussy lips … uh, the lips of her vulva, but without any interest in them at all, simply to provide that unimpeded path.

KS: Did you do anything else?

PC: No sir. That is an incorrect… uh, oh, well, yes I did. I then grabbed her mud flaps… uh, the inner lips of her vulva, but I showed utterly no interest in them at all. My only concern at that point in time was to provide an unimpeded…

KS: Yes, Mr. President, path for Ms Lewinsky's urine to flow from her urethral orifice to the toilet. But after the lips of her vulva and the inner lips of her vulva were spread, did you do anything else?

PC: You mean tickle her love button… uh, oh, I had no interest at all in Ms Lewinsky's clitoris. My only interest at that point in time was…

KS: Yes, Mr. President, in Ms Lewinsky's urine. Why then did not Ms Lewinsky begin to urinate freely. Did you engage in any sexually suggestive activity that infringed upon Ms Lewinsky's ability to freely release her sphincter muscles and thus empty Ms Lewinsky's agonizingly overfilled bladder?

PC: Uh?

KS: Did you, Mr. President, nibble on Ms Lewinsky's neck.

PC: Oh, her neck? Oh, God, yes… uh, oh? Oh! No, Judge Starr, that is an incorrect inference. Nibble is abhorrent to me. Nibbling her neck is … oooh, …is abhorrent to me… whew… Monica's neck, and her hair. Huh? Oh. No, didn't nibble. Uh, I was just, at that point in time I was simply looking over her shoulder to ensure that her stream of urine would be unimpeded. That is all, though I did have to pull some pussy hair out of the way, too; she has a monster bush. Her ear, however, I nibbled.

KS: A big bush, eh? Really black and thick? Oh, strike that. Thank you for clarifying that, Mr. President. Did you then, Mr. President, after nibbling Ms Lewinsky's ear, did you come to learn that in nibbling Ms Lewinsky's ear, that the same Ms Lewinsky was thereby having great difficulty in releasing her frantically bursting… eh? Yeah, I know… in releasing Ms Lewinsky's urine?

PC: The only thing that Ms Lewinsky told me was that she had to piss like a racehorse.

KS: Oh, wow, really? Hmm! Like a racehorse… Oh shit, sorry. Mr. President, did you come to cease nibbling on Ms Lewinsky's neck?

PC: No, I never stopped.

KS: Huh? Oh, OK. Mr. President, did you come to cease nibbling on Ms Lewinsky's ear?

PC: Yes, Judge Starr. I stopped immediately upon her so requesting that of me. You see, I never coerced that woman, Ms Lewinsky, in any way.

KS: Yes, I understand, Mr. President. So upon your ceasing your nibbling upon Ms Lewinsky's ear, did Ms Lewinsky thereafter begin to urinate freely and profusely?

PC: When?

KS: Immediately thereafter?

PC: Yes, Judge Starr, she began to piss like the Obehatchee River at Knicker's Falls. Lord, that stream of hers could etch glass it was so powerful. I put my hand in her stream and it just about washed the flesh from my bones. Here, you can see the scars…

KS: and other members of the staff: Wow, how did it feel, Mr. President? Oh, sorry. Mr. President, and then what did the First Bitch do at the bathroom door? Huh? I what? Oh, stop the fucking tape.

