In the pool

Copyright 2019 Kaylee Kennicott

Hye-jin lowered herself gingerly into the water.

The morning air was cool and snappy, and the pool warmer only by a matter of degrees, but the difference was enough to feel delicious against her skin.

The line of water met her and - as she let herself sink into it - crept up her body inch by sensuous inch. It lapped at her thighs, teased her inner leg, smoothed itself along her belly, and sent shivers from the base of her spine to her neck.

Submerged halfway, Hye-jin held onto the thick metal railing at the side of the pool and looked around.

It seemed that none of the other hotel guests were early risers, or else none fancied a dip in the pool on a chilly fall morning. Hye-jin was alone in the enclosure. And though the pool was outdoors and visible from certain windows, the balconies were so elevated that no one would be able to see her clearly.

She had hurried out of her room that morning: waking up at a strange hour, muzzy from jet lag, she had bolted up from the bed with a fierce need to relieve her aching bladder.

There was a bathroom attached to her modest room, of course. But Hye-jin never used an actual toilet if she could help it.

Even while traveling, and away from her typical home comforts that allowed her to relieve herself wherever and whenever she wanted (her boyfriend was working on a new product for her which he had patented under the name PeePillow, so this was a very exciting time in their relationship), Hye-jin was determined to find ways to go comfortably.

If she wasn’t here on business, with other patrons who might recognize her and would certainly see her again after this, she might be tempted to go in her usual places: squatting in carpeted hallways, urinating in the elevator, or soaking her own bedsheets.

But she was on a business trip, where she would be attending meetings and conventions for most of the day. It was important to keep up a professional appearance. (At least until the PeePillow business took off and allowed her to retire early and in a style befitting her.)

It was lucky that the hotel came with a pool attached and available for all guests to use between 5 am and 10pm.

Hye-jin had slept in her bathing suit, anticipating that her first stop in the morning would be the pool. When she woke up, all she had to do was grab her bag (including a towel, water, and change of clothes) and hurry down to the hallway to the elevator.

She jabbed at the button impatiently and waited for the elevator to creak to her floor. By the time it arrived, she was pressing her legs together and shifting her weight back and forth. Her bladder felt tight and swollen, and she was almost shaking with the effort of clamping down on the need to spray.

Alone in the elevator, she seriously considered dribbling a little on the plush carpet just to relieve the pressure, but she wasn’t confident that she could cork it again if she started releasing. If she relaxed even a little bit, she would void her entire bladder at once, helpless to stop even if the elevator doors opened and displayed her to a shocked audience.

So Hye-jin held her bladder desperately all the way down to the lobby. She walked stiffly down the hallway, unwilling to run in case the bouncing made her lose control. She turned toward the pool entrance, swiped her keycard against the access panel, swiped again impatiently when it didn’t scan the first time, and finally yanked the door open and lunged through to the pool. The bag was tossed aside on a chair as she walked straight towards the water.

Then, seizing the railing, turning around, and squatting slightly to step down onto the pool steps, Hye-jin was gripped by a desperate shiver. Her body trembled as she held herself there: knowing that she was perfectly positioned to relieve herself into the water below, yet unable to do so safely until she was submerged.

When she had control of herself again, she descended the last few steps and held herself there.

Now sunk in water up to the ribcage, Hye-jin released the breath she had been holding, and with it she allowed herself to spurt out the tiniest dribble of pee.

She clamped down just as quickly, and glanced down to make sure that an obvious cloud of yellow wasn’t erupting in the water under her. That might be visible from the balcony windows.

But any fluid she leaked was slipping invisibly into the existing pool water.

By this point, even if it was obvious that she was relieving herself into the water, she wouldn’t have cared who saw her. The need to evacuate was more desperate than her sense of shame.

With a little sag of relaxation, Hye-jin released the tight hold on her own bladder and allowed the pent-up fluid to stream out.

It was good that she was holding onto the pool railing, because her own legs on the steps were shaking in her relief and would have been unable to keep her upright.

The torrent of pee rushed out of her, draining so quickly that she was sure this stream wouldn’t last very long. But after several long moments, she was still gushing, with a satisfaction that was nearly orgasmic.

The pee was hot, and as it spilled out it lingered in the lining of her bathing suit, cupping and bathing her pussy lips with warmth. It was erotic to feel the slip of sensation teasing her clit as the cool pool waters and hot piss swirled against her cunt.

And she was still peeing.

Still streaming fluid from between her legs with torrential force as she rested shakily against the side of the pool.

Still sighing as her body relaxed utterly, all the tension and pressure leaving in a steady rush.

Hye-jin felt as if she was squeezed out. The hard pressure had been replaced with a soft, freeing expansiveness. She felt like she might laugh or giggle with the pleasure of it.

And even though the deluge was over, she found that she still had some slight trickles escaping her, the way a cloth that has been wrung will still have droplets left.

She pushed off from the side of the pool and kicked out toward the deeper water. As she swam, she allowed her body to hold that relaxation, focusing on the sensation of the urinary trickles leaving her body and kissing her inner thighs. She felt the warm water all around her shoulders and chest, and a slightly hotter stream coarsing between her legs as she swam.

When she reached the tile wall, her hand brushed against one of the jets that pumps fresh water into the pool. It pushed against her with force, dimpling her skin. Thinking of her detachable shower head at home, Hye-jin approached the wall and rested her forearms on the side, pretending that she was just resting for a moment. In reality, she used it as an excuse to draw her pelvis closer to the jet of water so that it brushed over her clit.

As soon as the water struck her in that sensitive spot, she felt the muscles of her pelvis twitch and clench and respond powerfully to the stimulation.

But she just teased herself against the spray for a moment, letting the arousal build, before she pulled herself up and out of the pool. If she was going to continue on here for any longer, she needed to rehydrate herself.

Hye-jin had a tall, fresh bottle of water in her bag and she pulled it out now and guzzled from it. Then, thinking quickly, she hopped into the shallow end and, still drinking, stood in front of another pool jet that was aimed straight at her crotch.

She drank more water than she otherwise would have, using it as an excuse to stay rooted in place while the invisible waterjet pleasured her. Finally she lowered it, sighed, rubbed the back of her hand against her mouth, capped the water bottle, and placed it carefully next to the side of the pool: marking the spot where the water jet was located.

Leaving it reluctantly, Hye-jin sunk her chest down into the water and started swimming in earnest. She might as well do a few laps and get in some morning exercise to start the day, so long as she was here.

But every few laps, she took a small break to stand in front of the stream, letting it batter her pussy and spray against her clit, while she took a water break. The arousal in her pelvis had built quickly with the strong stimulation of the jet, and now she was just teasing herself...edging and delaying gratification as she pleasured herself against the water, then taking a break to cool down and swim.

When three-quarters of the water bottle was emptied, Hye-jin became aware of the need to urinate again, but it was a dim urge, covered by the more pressing desire to orgasm.

She had been teasing herself intermittently against the waterjet for some time, treating it like her own personal vibrating shower head, and she knew that it would only take a few seconds with it to produce a powerful orgasm.

So, grasping her water bottle in one hand and planting herself firmly in front of the buffeting jet of water, she tipped her pelvis forward. The froth of water struck her clit; she tipped her head back and drank deeply. Within moments, the pleasure overtook her and she felt herself clenching, muscles rippling, midsection crunching, as the warmth of orgasm spread outward from her clit.

Then, still drinking, water still spraying her sensitive flesh, body relaxing, she peed her own thin stream into and against the pressure of the jet.

She swallowed the last mouthful with the piss still flooding out of her. Her cunt was swollen and satisfied; her whole body felt relieved. The last trickles ebbed away.

Hye-jin tilted backwards and let herself float on top of the surface of the water. It might be fun to float like this and stream upward like a decorative fountain, she mused. That was one to remember for when she was home with her boyfriend again.

There was a noise near the entrance and Hye-jin saw a few people enter: a family, probably here on vacation. They took their time fussing over towels and sunscreen while she leisurely exited the pool and collected her things. The rest of the day was ahead of her - time to get moving.

“How’s the water?” the family asked her. She nodded towards the pool and smiled. “Really nice and warm. You’ll love it.”

###

Kaylee is 28 years old and writes erotica. You can follow her blog at kayleekennicott.tumblr.com Her other stories are available at most ebook retailers.
