Thomas’ Interview with Sally
 Entry To: Week 7
By: Sally (1996-07-01) f T#413

Sally agreed to see me during my journey from York to Devon in early June, since when many questions have been submitted prior to my seeing Sally. I have deliberately avoided publishing the list of questions I planned to ask to maintain some surprise. Here is a complete transcript of our ‘interview’.

I was greeted by Sally on fairly sunny day, though with some showers (<sarcasm> great for a long journey! </sarcasm>) in an anonymous café to avoid any risk of my gaining too much knowledge of her, or of her friends and family running into me. She’s a very pretty twenty year old with curly brown hair, around 5’ 7” and perfectly formed (and I only met her once!). That day she was wearing white Levis 501s with a purple top – not unlike Nicky can be seen wearing in An Alooring Affair. I couldn’t help wondering if this was for my benefit...

Things were a bit awkward to begin with since I was in awe and Sally naturally felt a bit self-conscious – she was certainly under the spotlight!

We agreed that a public place such as the café was not ideal for what we were going to discuss, so having talked for a while, we moved to a secluded area of the town, to a bench by a river. Nobody would disturb our conversation there!

Q. Do you mind the attention you’ve been getting since your debut on my page?
A. No not at all! I must be turning into a show-off in my old age!

Q. What has your recent style of peeing been, compared to the times you recount in your Autobiography?
A. I go every time I need to (unless it’s been postponed for luvvey-duvvey reasons!).

Q. How’s your Autobiography coming along?
A. Very slowly I’m afraid. I’ve got plenty of stories to tell but not enough time to tell them. Perhaps I should make a tape and let you transcribe it.

Q. Why did you give perpetual desperation up?
A. Partly convenience – I thought I was getting too old to be forgiven for any accidents. Also I just wanted to be comfortable for a change. It was getting to the point where I was almost continuously desperate; I just wanted to give myself a break. It took a long time to get out of the habit completely and I’m still a bit unreliable at parties. It’s not long since I went to a party, drank loads and ended up waiting about twelve hours after becoming very desperate. That one was a but touch and go, because it took me a lot longer to get home than I expected.

I had to stop doing things like that because it seemed to get more difficult as I was getting older.

Q. Why?
A. Partly because I was doing it less frequently, therefore I was out of practice but also because that time I was drinking alcohol in fairly large quantities and I can assure you that just one short relaxes my bladder almost too far.

Q. Are you a heavy drinker then?
A. No I’m teetotal for that very reason (most of the time!).

Q. Could you recount an average week when you were at your ‘worst’ again for us please?
A. I told my boyfriend that once – I’ll mail it to you. [The following copied and reformatted from that email – Sally supplied a word-processed table, therefore it was easy to convert to an HTML table – if you would prefer a fixed non-proportional font formatted table mail me. I can’t help feeling we’ve encroached on a private topic between Sally and her boyfriend here!]:

Key
— digitW = digit times per week; digitM = digit times per month; digitY = digit times per year
E.g. the first figure says when I was five, three times a month I’d wait longer than 24 hours.
— Figures are approximate – I can’t remember it all!
E.g. for ‘twice every 24 hours’ I can’t remember my actions in detail as long ago as I’d like.
Proportion of days I went in each of the following ‘styles’ at each age	5	6	7	8	9	10	11	12	13	14	15	16	17	18	19
Less than once in 24 hours	3M	3M	4M	4M	4M	3M	1M	3Y	3Y	2Y	-	-	-	-	-
Once every 24 hours
- Morning
- After school
- Evening	
Twice every 24 hours
- Morning and after school
- Morning and evening
- After school and evening	4W	2W	2W	2W	1W	3W	
More often but not as soon as I needed to	2M	2M	2M	2M	2M	3M	4M	5M	3W	3W	4M	3M	3M	5M	1W
Whenever I needed to	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	1M	4M	2W	7W	7W	7W	7W	6W
Q. [Asked by email later] Does that shock you, seeing it in black and white?
A. Yes, I don’t know how I managed it. I know I couldn’t manage it any more, if only for medical reasons.

Q. [Back to the interview proper] What can you achieve these days if you have to? If you’re in a situation like a school trip?
A. It’s a bit hard to tell ’cause it depends on a lot of things. Like, if I have a cup of tea then I can only manage about ž hour, so I try never to go out after I’ve had a cup of tea. The amazing thing is that I always had a cup of tea or coffee first thing when I was younger, no matter how desperate I was. Other than that I can still wait all day if I’m out and I’m careful about what I drink. I can’t do all day and all night though.

Q. Have you tried?
A. I occasionally try to match previous bests but I tend to give up as soon as it gets quite bad.

Q. Do you mean uncomfortable or close to wetting yourself?
A. Both. I try and wait as long as I can if it’s worrying about wetting myself but I go immediately if I’m uncomfortable. I never used to get uncomfortable so perhaps that’s why I used to wait so long.

Q. Just bursting and fidgety eh?
A. That’s about right!

Q. The next few questions were prompted by Fluidity, an admirer of yours! Do you still have the capability to wait for a day or more when you choose to?
A. Yes, I’ve noticed Fluidity’s observations on the Forum! I can wait quite a while if absolutely necessary, but not 24 hours any more.

Q. So, have you ever measured the volume? (Fluidity suggests Roland might wonder the same thing)
A. No (sorry Roland). It was always a habit more than an interest, so it wouldn’t have occurred to me to measure quantities.

Q. Did you ever get bladder infections? Women are always warned that this can come from waiting too much.
A. I didn’t when I was younger, but I have recently been really quite ill as a result partly of laziness (not willing to leave my computer to go to the toilet) and partly due to indulging my partner in his interest in watersports.

Q. Did you ever notice any pleasure from the practice of waiting... did you ever lie down alone and observe your feelings and consider them?
A. The only pleasure was in knowing I wasn’t a slave to my bladder like other people, although this is a bit warped because I was actually more inconvenienced than everyone else! I only thought of it as a challenge.

Q. I was going to say that. Did you sit down and think like that? That’s to say, did you really consider having to pee an inconvenience?
A. Absolutely, that was exactly my problem. Say I was out with my friends at a fair, I might be on the verge of wetting myself (yes, me!) but I wouldn’t dream of asking them to wait whilst I popped into the toilets, for a start because that would have inconvenienced them, even though I waited for them quite happily, and also because I worried they might give up waiting for me and I’d be all alone.

Q. I hope I can be frank. It sounds to me as though this came out about due to a confidence thing?
A. Not really, I just didn’t want anyone to know my bladder ever filled up!

Q. Fluidity says “The thing that absolutely baffles me is that she would reach a state of fidgeting incessantly; to me this means that before very long she would have to go or have an accident; but apparently she’s capable of having a night’s sleep. How did she accomplish this?”
A. Mind over matter?! [How do you represent that querying exclamation tone of voice?] Sleep was a good way of avoiding the issue, but if I absolutely coudln’t get to sleep I would get up and make a mad dash to the bathroom.

Q. He’s noticed that you shyly refer to yourself as “being bad”. Does this mean waiting a very long time (or until you were fidgeting uncontrollably)?
A. When I say it was ‘bad’ I mean it felt bad – not painful but bloody desperate, always with the looming question of where the nearest ‘friendly’ toilet was. I may have given the impression that I thought I was being naughty, but bad to me means levels of desperation.

Q. Did you feel naughty? I mean, did you try to avoid being caught?
A. I didn’t feel naughty but I did try to avoid being caught.

Q. Fluidity has a good suggestion for why you might have stopped. You’ve already said why you think you stopped so consider this: Fluidity suggests that perhaps in your early teens and before you would fidget whenever you needed to, and afterwards you probably began to empty yourself to avoid having to publicly display the situation, i.e. you outgrew whatever drove you to “be bad” and wait forever, like playing a game with your body. That seems very likely to me as well.
A. Almost... I didn’t fidget in public though, that was a part of the challenge. The whole point was that I didn’t want anyone to know I was desperate, so for ages I dealt with it by not showing a weakness by going. In the end I did realise that people might notice my attempts to be discreet, and I also got tired of always feeling on the verge of wetting myself, so I gave up.

Q. It seems a bit greedy to ask, but I simply must: can you recount any recent experiences for us?
A. Wait for the autobiography part 2!

Well, it was fun whilst it lasted! I hope I asked what you thought needed asking. If not, why didn’t you mail me while you had the chance? — don’t worry, Sally agreed to answer a few more questions by email if anyone has had a question prompted by those above.

In retrospect I’m not sure how successful it really was – everything seems a bit clinical in the way we went about things now. Too late now though...
