A LATE STARTER
 A Real Life Adventure
Author: William Abbott

I think I was seventeen before I started masturbating.

My parents were pretty liberal in most of their beliefs—my mom bought me a copy of Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex But Were Afraid To Ask when I was twelve— though there’s a place in that book where he talks about liberal intellectuals. He describes them as being people who would go to an orgy and talk about free love and sexual liberation and still be talking about it, fully clothed and oblivious, while everyone else was writhing on the floor. I sometimes feel like that’s what my family was like.

So there I was, seventeen and never had a girlfriend and believing that masturbation is a fine and healthy thing for people to do, I suppose, but also feeling kind of superior for not doing it.

But I did fantasize. A lot. And sometimes when nobody else was home, I’d walk around the house naked just because it felt good and gave me a massive hard-on. And while I didn’t go out and buy dirty magazines, any time I did see a picture of a naked woman, I was riveted. I’d had a couple of wet dreams, but while awake I kept hands-off.

I’d ride the swell of arousal like a surfer out on the open sea, buoyed along but never letting the wave crest and break.

So one night I was lying in bed, naked and fantasizing. My fantasies often turned into these long and elaborate stories (which won’t surprise you now that you’ve read my writing). I was lying on my belly with my hard-on pressed against the mattress, thinking about this cheerleader at school who was also my lab partner in biology. There was something about, she and I were making out on my space ship when we were attacked by aliens and she was in her cheerleader uniform with that very short skirt and she needed to pee.. .and I suddenly realized that, OMG,

I’m actually going to (*gasp!*) have an ejaculation. (Yes, that is actually the phrase that came to mind.) I rolled over onto my back and grabbed a Kleenex to catch it.

Once I’d “lost my virginity,” so to speak, I started experimenting, diligently, every night. My room had its own bathroom, which gave me a little more privacy. I came in the sink. I came with my body pressed against the wall, feeling the towels on their rack against the front of my thighs. It took me a week or so to figure out that lubricating with spit made everything feel much better. It felt SOOO good that I worried I was becoming obsessed. Seriously, I felt out of control, like I couldn’t stop if I wanted to. In a battle of wills between my penis and my brain, my poor brain didn’t stand a chance.

And at the same time, I was terribly shy to the point of almost pathological social anxiety around girls, and I felt like being a slave to my dick didn’t help with that any. And also, some of my fantasies were a little weird. Like most other boys, I imagined naked girls and I imagined having sex with girls, but I also really liked to think about girls needing to pee, and that just weirded me out. It made no sense. It was downright disturbing if I thought about it too much. But again, penis trumps brain.

I think I was twenty before my first real, passionate kiss (long story there—maybe another time) and it was later that same year when I lost my virginity for real. I was twenty-six when I first confessed to a lover what I fantasized about in moments of passion, and twenty-seven or -eight before a lover first let me watch her pee. That one is a story worth sharing here.

My brother owns some land with a one-room cabin about an hour north of San Francisco. One summer I invited my then-girlfriend to camp there for a weekend. We packed all the necessities including food and flashlights, bug spray and condoms. She asked me about procedures for going to the bathroom at the cabin, and I told her that there was an outhouse for number two, but you could pee anywhere.

We arrived and hiked in and opened up the cabin. It had a deck overlooking a drop off with a spectacular view over miles and miles of trees and wilderness. June in northern California meant that it had just turned sunny and warm after months of endless cold gray rain, so of course the first thing we did was take off all our clothes and lie out on the deck. I remember we cracked open a beer to share and cuddled together like kittens, naked together in the afternoon sun. We kissed, we made out for a while, skin against skin. She wet her fingers with spit and slathered them over my penis, and I was thrusting my fingers gently inside her vagina, but with the condoms still packed away we didn’t do any more than that.

We stopped after a while and just lay quietly belly to belly and dozed. I had one arm and one leg thrown over her, holding her close to me.

She woke up after a while and said, “Hmm. I think it’s time for me to go and pee in the woods.” She stood up, still naked, and looked around. “You said we can pee anywhere?”

“Yes.”

“I’m really tempted to just hang my butt over the edge here.” That first summer, the balcony didn’t have a railing and there was about a ten foot drop to the ground.

“Yeah, you can do that,” I said. My heart was suddenly going pitta-pat, but I didn’t let it show.

I mean, I’d talked with her a little bit about my fantasies, so it wasn’t a secret, but I didn’t want to spook her by being too overeager. She walked to the edge of the deck and turned toward me and squatted. She shifted her weight around, but found she couldn’t get herself far enough out over the edge and still keep her balance. I reached out and took her hand.

“Oh, great,” she said. “My lover will hold my hand while I...” She looked down at the floor, embarrassed.

“It’s OK,” I said (cool and casual).

Holding tight to my hand, she leaned back with her feet perched on the very edge and her hips, her bottom, and crotch suspended out beyond the edge.

“OK, don’t let go of me, now. It would be bad enough to fall off of here without landing in my own.. .in my own piss.”

I held on. She was braced. Feet planted a little apart. Our eyes met, and she laughed. “Oh, I can’t do this!” She was grinning with nervousness. She wanted to, she thought it would be fun...and she had to go really bad. But she felt weird.

“Yes, you can,” I said (matter-of-fact and reassuring).

She looked at me again, looked me in the eyes...and then she did it. She was really doing it! She was urinating, right there with me watching! At first I could only see the stream because her leg blocked the view of her crotch, but I leaned to one side so I could gaze up between her legs. I remember being struck by how her inner lips and clitoris had relaxed and descended so they were sticking out from between her outer labia. She urinated from very near the clitoris and it came in a coherent stream, not the scattered spray that I’d imagined. The stream was also thicker than I’d expected, and it kept going for quite a while before tapering to a stop. She must have been really full.

When she was done, I was smiling. I wasn’t even acutely aroused, didn’t have an erection or anything, I was just very happy, full of a glow like warm honey in my belly.

She stood up and said “The only problem with this sort of thing is there’s never any toilet paper around. Oh well, maybe I’ll just shake it off.” She wiggled her hips a little, and then we lay down again, arm in arm, and hugged and kissed and petted some more, this time to orgasms, and then lay quietly again, very content in one another’s arms.

She and I were great together for a while, but didn’t last. I was into my thirties before I met the woman who pegged the meter for me, who raised my standards higher than any other woman could ever meet and showed me what love and passion really are. Twenty-seven years later and we’re still married. Still happy.

Better late than never.

