Wet at work-2

Author: Abigail Thornton

It’s amazing how quickly things change. One day - that was all it had taken for my life to be turned on its head, for everything that I thought I knew about my boss to be proved wrong. I tossed another skirt and top onto the growing pile of rejected clothes on my bed. I’d never given much thought to what I wore to work - not too sexy, not too cheap - that was about it. I just tried to look smart and professional.

Now I had other considerations. The green dress which showed some cleavage, enough to be a teaser but not too much, which had been previously perfect for work, now wouldn’t do. It changed colour dramatically when it got wet and there was a very high likelihood that it’d be getting wet at work. Perhaps it’d be my urine which would spread out through the material, but just as likely, it’d be that of my boss, Leslie.

I felt the excited knot grow inside me as I thought about Leslie’s warm jet of urine playing over my body. A bare few hours ago, the idea would have thoroughly shocked and disgusted me; now what was running through my head was a fantasy -but it was based on memory. A day at work which had changed me forever. My boss had exposed herself as a lesbian, and not only that, she had demonstrated her watersport fetish in the most extreme ways.

I’d been thinking about that fetish. Pissing, for me, had been a bodily function - nothing more. Leslie had forever dispelled that notion. Leslie got off on piss and peeing and as a lesbian, she presumably got off on seeing women’s bodies the way I did when I saw a good looking bloke. A shiver of excitement coursed through me, ending in my loins. She had got off on seeing me. Leslie found me attractive, and she found sharing her watersport fantasies with me an enormous turn on. The amazing thing was, both Leslie’s lesbianism and her obsession with peeing had connected with something in me. Perhaps it had always been there, waiting to be awoken.

It seemed amazing that as I readied myself for work, I was making decisions as to what I should wear based on the fact that my boss was probably going to pee on me. A little smile had been etched permanently onto my face since I’d got home in my pissy clothes the previous night. I watched the smile grow as I held some pretty pink knickers against my crotch while I looked at myself in the mirror. They would really show when, rather than if, they got wet. A black skirt wouldn’t show too much since there would be no colour change -even if it got soaked, it would only be a bit dingier than normal. It would survive a cursory glance even if it got completely soaked.

The top half was more difficult. None of my clothes would hide being truly soaked, so I went with what I knew - a plain white bra and a tailored white blouse which clung to my curves even when dry.

I needed to pee and toyed with the idea of doing something ‘sexy’ with it. Peeing my panties before I set off to work seemed a little extreme and I didn’t want to soil my own bedroom. I didn’t want it to smell like a public urinal the next time I was ‘entertaining’. My pussy clenched as I thought about bringing Leslie back... what would I do if she wanted to pee in my bed or on my carpet?

My eyes settled on my hair towel. Could I? Would it be able to take it? There was only one way to find out. I folded it up, layer over layer until it was as thick as I could make it. How to do it? Mmmm - yes: in front of my mirror. I love that mirror - a full length and rather ornate, leaning against the bedroom wall, allowing me to see every angle of my body from my knees up.

I felt ridiculous as I knelt in front of the mirror. A full grown woman should not be doing things like this in her bedroom. I couldn’t rest my bum on my heels while simultaneously keeping my pussy on display, so instead I hovered, watching as the muscles in my thighs pulled tight. My legs looked good, as did my pussy, although I quickly hid it from view behind the thick layers of my towel.

It didn't take long. Perhaps my bladder was getting used to unusual commands in unusual places. I’d made the decision and heard the piss pouring out of me. I stopped immediately, performing a Kegel exercise. I pulled the towel away to inspect the damage. There was a darker, flattened area in the pink fluff where my pee stream had penetrated the material - but of the pee itself, there was no sign.

“Dirty, dirty girl,” I thought to myself, and I watched my reflection as I pressed the towel back against my crotch. I imagined it to be a nappy - an adult diaper - as I repeated the process. Again my pee came easily and I gave a little cry of pleasure as I felt the wet heat spread against my pussy. I rocked back on my heels - there was nothing to see in the reflection anyway - closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensations of peeing into my pretend nappy.

What had Leslie done to me? I found myself imagining that I was in the office, naked but for an adult diaper with her watching with rapt attention as I emptied my bladder for her.

“Oh dear, has someone done a number one?” Leslie pushed her hand down the front of my nappy, into the piss-sodden material. “I think someone needs changing.” The towel fell away as the pee stream stuttered and failed, to be instantly replaced by my fingers. I rubbed hard and fast as I imagined Leslie pushing me onto my back and releasing the frilly white material smothering my crotch. My body shook with excited shame as I imagined my lesbian boss changing my dirty nappy.

The cooling air on my wet pussy matched my fantasy and I moaned as I imagined being exposed to my boss in such a dirty and depraved way. “Messy, messy girl,” Leslie chided. “Don’t worry, Leslie knows how to clean you up.” I groaned as imaginary Leslie swooped down between my legs and her tongue curled into my every crevice. She lapped and licked, exhaustive and ravenous until I was clean and fresh.

My clitoris cried out for attention; the sweet, fat jewel that was receiving a tongue-lashing in my fantasy was close to exploding in my reality. I could feel the sticky evidence of my pee game and rolled forward into a ball as my body tightened.

My face pressed against something unexpected -warm and wet. I knew it was my discarded towel without opening my eyes. My lower face was wet, wet with my own pee. It was already there, all I had to do was lick my lips.

My heart fluttered as my tongue darted out. I licked my lips and tasted it - familiar to me now: to me, a nasty little pee slut. Those words forming in my head took me over the edge into orgasm. I hadn’t intended to climax but it seemed that what started as a little pee game had quickly got out of control and had become fully sexual. Even as my pussy was pulsing with tormented ecstasy, I was coming to terms with the fact that I was different. Leslie had changed me, or at least awoken something inside me which had been unknown and dormant.

My breath hadn't returned to normal as I scrabbled about in a desperate attempt to get ready on time. Thanks to my little play, I was late. My hands were a frenzy of movement, stroking the material of my bra into place over the soft curve of my breasts, my fingers tracing the path of the straps after I’d clipped each hook into place.

I used a dry bit of the towel to give my pussy a quick wipe and was surprised by the intensity of the response. I was tingling, primed - ready to orgasm again; ready to take advantage of this new-found perversion; eager to exploit the excitement which was still filling my body. I wanted to stay and play, still so horny that I really needed another orgasm just to clear my head.

I felt another clench as I realised that going to work wasn’t necessarily going to prevent that orgasm.

*****

It was a bright sunny day as I set off to work, although I suspected that it was going to be another wonderfully wet day for me. I felt sexy as I speculated on what might happen when I got to the office. My head was high and there was a bounce in my step which others seemed to take notice of. People aren’t supposed to be that happy as they catch the train to the office.

I was gratified to hear a wolf-whistle as I passed a building site. Normally I’d be mortified to hear that kind of accolade but I felt really sexy and a smile lit up my face - I was flattered by the attention, although I didn’t do any more than smile, shake-out my locks and add a little sway to my hips as I walked down the street. They had stopped to watch me walk past; it was with renewed confidence that I crossed the road and entered the building.

Leslie jumped up from one of the seats in reception. Had she been anxiously waiting for me? I gave her a smile as she intercepted me just before we got to the lifts. “And how are wee this morning, Emma?” Leslie asked, with a hint of naughtiness. Oh right - this was Leslie: Leslie didn’t do anxious. The way she extended the ‘e’ of ‘we’ made me smile: clever and direct, as always.

“I’m fine. Better than fine, actually.”

“Good, good,” Leslie said distractedly, as Jim appeared through the main entrance. The lift ‘pinged’ and Leslie pressed to take us up to the third floor.

Jim thrust his case between the closing doors and then hurriedly stepped in as they eagerly snapped shut once again. He frowned at the mechanical jaws but then swept his eyes across our breasts and gave us a hearty smile. “Good morning, ladies. Late finish and early start? You girls make me proud.” We both gave a shrug, as though what we were doing came naturally.

“I was hoping that wee might pick up where wee left off yesterday,” Leslie said quietly, against the heavy silence which had fallen in the lift. “I’ve been thinking about matters all night and I’ve come up with some new ideas” My heart thumped powerfully at the way she looked me up and down. I hadn’t expected to just pick up where we had left off so easily... or for it to feel so right. Leslie was publically teasing me with the prospect of more pissing.

“So, you’re an ideas girl?’’ Jim asked, as the lift groaned past the second floor.

“She is, she’s full of them,” I replied, rolling my eyes cheekily as Jim turned to face the lift doors. He eyed them suspiciously as he stepped through, and rightly so as they had a habit of biting unwary staff.

“Good to hear it, keep up the good work,” Jim said, briefly turning back to look at us as he led the way into the secure management area.

“Oh, we will!” Leslie chimed sweetly.

“So, how are you really feeling after yesterday?” Leslie asked. “The fact that you didn’t call in sick is a good sign.” Leslie perched herself on the corner of my desk, which was something she’d learnt in one of those management courses about being seen to be friendly and approachable. I wasn’t sure that it was strictly necessary since I’d swallowed her urine and she had swallowed mine. “I had wondered whether I might have pushed you a bit too far. Things sometimes seem different in the cold light of a new day.”

“It’s hardly cold light today,” I said breezily, looking out at the blue sky and sunshine with undisguised longing. Sunshine always puts me in a good mood, it feels like summer holidays. There was a stab of excitement as I considered how best to tell Leslie what I’d done that morning. That would let her know that I was more than okay with what we had done.

“I’ve got a little confession,” I said.

“What kind of confession?” Leslie asked, fixing me with a powerful stare.

“A ‘wet’ confession.”

“Ohhh.” I saw Leslie relax, and then lean forward with a textbook management-course show of interest. I hadn’t noticed when she had become tense. Perhaps she had been a little anxious, after all I could easily report her perversion to HR, or maybe the Property Management Services for the damage she had done to the carpets and !” or building.

Of course, that was never going to happen. I felt a flush of heat as I tried to find the words. Yesterday at this time, every one of my pees for the year had been directed down a toilet. Since that point, my ratio had dropped to about 50 per cent.

“This morning,” I started, feeling the heat of embarrassment morph into sexual excitement, again demanding that second orgasm.

“Yes?”

“I peed in my bedroom while I was getting ready for work.” Leslie's eyebrows shot up.

“You peed in your bedroom... on purpose?”

“Yes. I just grabbed the towel I’d used to dry my hair, folded it up and put it between my legs.”

“Wow,” Leslie said. “I’ve never tried that one. Was it good?”

“It was really, really good.” I smiled, knowing that Leslie would almost certainly repeat my ‘wet towel’ game. I was trying to decide how much I should tell my boss but knowing that she was going to play gave me the strength to continue with the confession. “I imagined that I was wearing a nappy.”

“Oh my God! That really is naughty.” I sagged back, thinking it was over. “Did you masturbate?” Leslie asked.

“Yes,” I said, feeling the power of the admission washing through me. I decided not to tell her the full details of what I’d been thinking about while I brought myself to orgasm.

“That means I’m playing catch-up!”’ Leslie said, and she opened her legs to reveal a pair of pristine white knickers.

“Such pretty knickers!”’ I whispered. This was what I’d wanted; exactly how I’d hoped my day would go. I would have been too shy to ask for this to happen but having my boss perched with open legs was enough to drive me on.

“Can I see your pussy?”

“Only if you beg.” I could make-out the contours of Leslie’s sex lips through the white material. I watched carefully, fully expecting a wet patch to start growing and for urine to start pouring over my desk. It didn’t happen and she didn’t move. Leslie was drawing out the tease.

“Beg?”

“Tell me how much you want to see it, and what you want to do to it.” Leslie was gaining the upper hand, taking control.

“I’ve been thinking about it all night...”

“Thinking about what, exactly?”

“Your pussy. The taste of it. Please let me lick it again.” Leslie made a noise, a groan which told me that I’d done well, hit on something. She stretched herself and lifted her bum off my desk - a wordless invitation for me to continue.

I was shaking as I ran both hands up the outside of Leslie’s thighs, gripped her knickers and pulled. I did it slowly, reversing the tease as I grazed my fingers all the way down Leslie’s legs. Her legs parted as soon as they were free of the knickers and I rested my ear against her inner thigh and simply looked. Her labia were open and shades of pink glistened from within. It looked hot down there and I licked my lips -1 wanted to be a part of that heat.

“Please, Emma,” she muttered, subtly working her crotch towards me. “Please lick it, please?" I’d never heard Leslie beg before and it made me want to satisfy her in a new way.

“One should never refuse a lady,” I said, as I crushed the soft wet petals of Leslie's pussy with my lips and tongue. I’d had time to think about this; had time to plan and prepare. My tongue was a strong and eager muscle, just as Leslie’s had been in my earlier fantasy, probing deep into every crack and crevice, pushing and circling, making Leslie gasp with shock and delight.

“Ooooh fuck!” she exclaimed, and her fingers found my hair and pulled me in even deeper. Leslie’s body stiffened - her spine straightened and then arched. I stopped suddenly and retracted my tongue. Leslie became frantic, searching for the lost stimulation... which she found as I sucked, stretching her most delicate of flesh into my mouth.

The tip of my tongue slid along the length of Leslie’s outer lips, using the crease between them as a guide to allow for a direct hit on her clitoris. Leslie started to jiggle and buck, her climax fast approaching. I pushed two fingers over my slippery chin and up inside my boss’s pussy. The new violation was enough to tip Leslie into her much-needed orgasm. Her body vibrated to the clenching pulse of her vaginal muscles and as my fingers took over from my mouth, she slipped from the desk onto my lap and wrapped her arms around me.

“You are absolutely amazing, Emma. I can’t believe that we’re doing this - that you're doing this.” Her mouth was breathing hotly into my hair as she recovered. “Are you sure you’re straight?” That was a very good question - and one that I didn’t have a very good answer to.

“I’m happy to make an exception for you,” I said.

“Just me?”

“Just you,” I confirmed. It was deliciously erotic to be holding my post-orgasmic boss in my arms.

“Emma? Show me your breasts.” Even after all we’d done together I was shocked. “I’d like to see them properly, please.” We shifted positions, Leslie looking prim and proper as she smoothed her skirt back into place - that despite her knickers being under my desk.

My hands were shaking with excitement as we continued to expand our games. The day had barely begun and I’d already given my boss oral sex and made her orgasm. I laughed at the difficulty I was having in trying to undo the buttons of my blouse. “Sorry, my fingers are all slippery.” They were slick with Leslie’s pussy juice - we both knew that. Leslie wrapped her hand around my wrist and dropped her mouth onto each finger in turn and sucked it clean. My pussy blossomed open with excitement and desire, wanting to share in Leslie’s oral ministrations. I finally pushed the material apart and made to pull the cups down.

“Topless, please. I want to see their shape,” Leslie said. My eyes shot to the office door. Being topless seemed much more dangerous than being bottomless. At least you had a chance of hiding your semi-nudity under the desk if someone popped their head in. If I got my tits out, there would be nowhere to hide, short of lying under my desk.

I wanted to do it for her, but wanted to get it done quickly. I slipped out of my blouse and hung it over the back of my chair. My heart thudded powerfully as I unclasped my bra and knocked the straps from my shoulders. I watched Leslie’s face as I peeled the material away from my left breast and a moment later, from my right.

The air felt cool on my newly-exposed skin and particularly on my already-erect nipples. Leslie was grinning, obviously enjoying the sight of my bared bosom. I fought the urge to cover my skin by clasping my bra in both hands behind my back, which had the effect of thrusting my breasts out, as if for inspection.

There was now an unmistakeable moistness building between my legs as the excitement of exposing myself to Leslie combined with the fear of being discovered. The door could open at any moment and any number of people might find me standing half-naked in my office. It was that wrongness, that vulnerability, the risk of humiliation which was so intoxicating, so exciting as Leslie looked at me.

“Yes, they’re gorgeous,” she said, and I watched as her hands bridged the gap and started stroking and squeezing my tits. I stood quietly, suppressing all reaction as Leslie examined me. She smiled - knowing how hard it was to just stand there as she fondled me. I could tell that she was proud of me, of my compliance. I relaxed as much as I could, listening for the sound of approaching staff in the corridor.

I managed to control myself as the minutes passed but it was hard and I knew that I was blushing deeply, reflecting both the shame and arousal I was feeling. I gasped as Leslie pulled on my nipple, the flesh now over-sensitised and she stopped. “OK, you can put your blouse back on.” I automatically grabbed my bra. “Just the blouse!” Leslie said, pressing her hand against the back of my hand. My blouse was sheer, almost entirely transparent... without the protection of my bra, my breasts would be on full display.

I looked down. My blouse was tight enough to be squeezing against my breasts, even the shape of my nipples would be exposed. Perhaps it wasn’t quite as bad from someone else’s point of view? I looked up at Leslie, who was staring unashamedly at my bosom.

“Nice tits,” she murmured under her breath.

“Sexist!”’ I said, twisting my torso to give my boss a better view of where the material was straining.

“Sexist?”

“Well, if it was equal opportunities, you’d have to take your bra off too.” There was a challenge in my words.

“OK,” she said, and quickly undid the buttons on her own blouse. Her bra came away, revealing her larger, heavier breasts.

“Nice tits,” I said, giggling.

“I suppose that makes us about even?”

“We’ve both had an orgasm, we’re both effectively topless. Yes, I suppose we’re about even.” I had made Leslie orgasm, but she hadn’t returned the favour, although I desperately needed her to. I chose not to point-out what seemed like an obvious imbalance.

“It feels kind of naughty to do this in the office,” Leslie commented, examining her reflection in the window. In the direct sunlight, it was hard to tell that she was wearing anything on her top half - the sun seemed to make her skin glow from within the sheer material of the blouse.

“Being effectively topless?”

“Of course, I don’t think you should be allowed to wear any clothes in this office.” Leslie was smiling, showing neat, white teeth. The smile suddenly stopped, as though a shadow had crossed her sunny demeanour as a distinctive knock sounded on the door. We looked at each other, at each other’s exposed breasts. What could we do? Leslie picked up her discarded bra and shoved it into a drawer even as I put her knickers in my bag. It was bad - but it was as good as it was going to get.

“Come-in,” Leslie called, as she dropped down into her chair and did a double swivel, as though she had been turning back into the office having been looking at her computer screen. The door opened and Jim did his stupid thing of popping his head around it, rather than just opening the door properly and walking into the office. I was beginning to think he had ‘door issues’.

“Not disturbing anything, I hope.”

“No, no,” Leslie said. “Come in.” I saw Jim’s eyes drop to my straining blouse and whatever thoughts had been on his mind evaporated. “What can we do for you?”

“Good morning, Emma,” Jim said, obviously having forgotten that we’d already exchanged pleasantries in the lift. I didn’t want to draw attention to my discomfort by trying to belatedly cover my breasts.

“Erm,” he said, still unable to drag his eyes away from my chest. “A slightly sticky situation. There’s a... meeting that I need you to sit in on, Leslie. Nothing too dramatic, just a little presentation.”

“A presentation?” Jim heard the panic in Leslie’s voice and looked over. He tried to look at her face, but failed miserably. I had to turn away as I saw Jim reach for his collar, as if trying to release a little of the pressure building in his body.

“Very... hot in here,” Jim said, loosening his tie.

“Yes, isn’t it,” Leslie and I said together, jumping on the chance to explain away our obvious lack of underwear - a total lack of underwear in Leslie’s case.

“When is this meeting?”

“Erm, now, I’m afraid. It’s already started. You should have been invited but for some reason your name was left off the list.”

“Do you mind if I get a drink first? I’m parched.” Leslie caught my eye.

“No time for that. I’m terribly sorry, we’re waiting, you see.” Jim didn’t like ordering women around. Men he would happily shout at all day long - but women, particularly women with their tits hanging out were an unknown quantity, to be handled with care - like a metal cylinder that the dog has just dug up from the garden which might be an unexploded bomb. “Although I'm sure Emma’ll be a love and bring one through for you!”’ he said, his face brightening at having found a ‘work-around’. Jim loved his ‘work-arounds’.

“Of course,” I said. There was nothing I could think of to save Leslie from going in front of whoever was in the meeting with her tits on full display. But I had been given an escape route - just pop back into our office on the way back to the meeting and I could make myself presentable.

“OK but I need to go for a wee first. You wouldn’t want me to wet myself in front of everyone, would you, Jim?” Colour rose in shades of pink and purple from below Jim’s white collar. It should have been a rhetorical question but as Leslie waited for an actual answer, Jim looked increasingly uncomfortable. I was sure that colour was rising in my face as well, but for entirely different reasons. I could imagine Leslie doing it, and not by accident.

“No, of course not!” Jim conceded. Leslie was on a roll. She’d caught Jim off guard and had taken control.

“And it’ll give me chance to put a bra on,” Leslie said, opening her top drawer and extracting it as though it was a perfectly natural place to keep a bra. “We don’t want to give any of the older fellows a heart attack, do we Jim?” It was brazen behaviour, drawing attention to the fact that she had her breasts on display and simultaneously acknowledging that Jim was aware of that fact.

“Err, no. Definitely not,” Jim stammered. He hadn’t been prepared for this kind of ‘sticky situation’.

“They’re not all as young and spritely as you.” Leslie placed her hand on Jim’s chest and used it to guide him out of our office. I was impressed but shocked at the way Leslie had flirted her way out of the ‘sticky situation’ she had found herself in. She obviously had some talents that I wasn’t aware of.

“So I’ll see you in there in a couple of minutes!”’ Leslie called after Jim as he retreated down the corridor. “Be a doll and make me a drink?” she said cheekily, turning to look at me. It wasn’t my responsibility to make drinks for my boss and I rolled my eyes theatrically before lifting myself out of my chair.

Leslie followed me to the left, down to the galley kitchen. “I thought you were going to the toilet?” Leslie gave me a look as though I should know better.

“I said I was going for a wee. I didn't say anything about going to the ‘toilet’.” She gave me a knowing flick of the eyebrows.

“Ahhhh,” I said, as understanding washed over me.

“After yesterday, you of all people should know that the two don’t necessarily coincide.” She gave me a really filthy smile. “And Emma?”

“Yes?”

“You don’t mind cleaning up after me, do you? I’ve got a very important meeting to go to.”

There was no-one around in the kitchen, the morning rush having already cleared. I filled the kettle and set it to boil. By the time I turned round, Leslie was squatting on the floor with her skirt up round her waist.

“Bloody hell! You’re really going to do it in here?” My boss didn’t say a word. Instead she treated me to a mocking smile. It was a stupid question. She had already peed in several rooms in this building... perhaps she’d peed in here before. She’d been peeing for fun for years but I should have known enough from just one day that Leslie would do it.

My body stiffened as I saw the ribbon of urine curl away from between my boss’s glistening labia. Yes, I should have known that she’d do it but it was still shocking to see.

It was less than 24 hours since this had all started and I’d now seen my boss pee... how many times? Was this something that I’d get used to? Was it something that was going to keep happening every day?

“Want me to stop?” Leslie asked, having lifted her head and seen the uncertain expression on my face.

“No, yes, no,” I groaned.

“Make your mind up.”

“Yes.”

“Yes, you want me to stop?” Leslie looked disappointed as her flow terminated. Was I calling time on our wet games already?

“I just want you to wait for a second.” I reached down and slipped my shoes off and placed them out of harm’s way, then stepped forward into Leslie’s puddle of piss. “OK, you can go again now.” Leslie smiled up at me and as her flow started again, I placed a steadying hand on her head and lifted my right foot into it.

“I’ve never peed on someone’s feet before,” Leslie said, smiling happily as she watched her pee arch from my toes up to my ankle and back.

“That’s really nice, like a special kind of foot massage,” I said, swapping to place my left foot into the now-diminishing flow. “Perhaps they should offer it at the spa!”’ I said, giggling. Leslie chortled and then shrieked as I pressed the top of my foot against her pussy and dragged it back and forth against her soft, slippery flesh.

“No time for that, now - unfortunately,” Leslie said. She jumped up and grabbed one of those horribly-hard green paper hand towels. I winced in sympathy as she dragged it between her legs. She squeezed an eye shut and turned her head away.

“Ouch! That stuff’s like sandpaper.”

“Need Emma to kiss it better?” I asked, with big innocent eyes and pouty lips. Leslie looked over her shoulder, knowing that she was already late.

“OK, just a quick kiss.” I hadn’t really thought this one through. It was a tease, a dare which I hadn’t thought she would take me up on. But Leslie had. I sank to my bare knees, feeling the wetness of my boss’s piss on them and leant forward. For a straight girl, I had licked, kissed and tasted a lot of pussy over the previous 24 hours and I confidently kissed her full on the lips with my open mouth.

I had already discovered new depths to my want - things that I had never imagined existed within me. Leslie groaned long and loud as I sucked on the soft sugar-plum lobes of flesh. “Oh fuck!”’ she whimpered, running her slender fingers through my hair. At first they were pulling me in, then easing me away. “I want to... but I can’t. Sorry!” Leslie said.

“I know, it’s not your fault,” I said, winking. “Just so long as you know that I wanted to.” Leslie gave me a puzzled look as she wriggled her skirt back into place.

“Are you sure you’re straight? Not even a little bit girl-curious?”

“Go on,” I said. “They’re waiting for you.”

“Will you wait for me?”

“Yes, of course,” I said, not really sure what she was asking.

Leslie hurried away, leaving me kneeling in a pool of her urine. I sighed heavily, already missing the intensity of her personality and sexuality. Without her, the pee was flat and no fun. Where there had been a hot waterfall cascading over my feet, there was just a sad, cold and lifeless puddle. I felt deflated.

*****

It felt like a chore as I used one of the old towels to mop up Leslie’s piss. Then Zoe, one of the secretaries, came to an abrupt halt at the edge of the lino: “Have you had an accident?” she asked. I’d been so wrapped-up in my thoughts that I hadn’t noticed her up until that point.

“Not me,” I replied honestly, as I twisted another towel-full of Leslie’s pee into the sink. “I think something has leaked.” Someone more like.

“Come-on, I’ll give you a hand,” Zoe said, stepping out of her heels. Something of the spark returned as she grabbed a handful of the paper towels and squatted on the floor. Her top was low-cut and discrete layers of clothing were lost as she leant forward and swept the green paper across the area I had already towelled. Her breasts were an avalanche of snow-white, jiggling flesh. It wasn’t the same feeling that I got with Leslie but I was aware of Zoe’s body in a way that I hadn’t previously been aware.

And Zoe was aware of my body. I caught her looking at my breasts through the thin material of my blouse as they swung freely with each sweeping movement. My filthy mind imagined the petite cutie reaching out to caress and fondle my tits, just as Leslie had already done that morning. I wanted it. Needed it. And then Zoe’s steadying hand pressed down flat against the floor in Leslie’s piss.

Leslie had left me high and dry. Well, not dry exactly; my knickers felt suddenly humid, my pussy moist and raw with desire, aching for fingers... and tongue. In the absence of Leslie, Zoe’s piss-wet fingers and tongue would make a very welcome substitute. The dirty thoughts had me ready for anything; my nipples tingled as I imagined Zoe sucking on them, bobbing back and forth between my boobs, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked, her nostrils flaring as she greedily fed on me.

“You OK?” Zoe asked, with obvious concern in her voice. I could feel the heat flushing up through my body, and knew that my eyes had a wild look.

“Just feeling a bit hot,” I admitted, my lust-addled voice sounding unnatural in the little kitchen.

“Perhaps you should sit down while I finish off,” Zoe said, giving me an encouraging smile. As she went to work on the floor, I went to work on my body. My nipples were sore from Leslie’s earlier attention but I squeezed and pulled them anyway. As Zoe turned round, I had to grip the edges of the chair with both hands to keep from playing with them. I felt weightless - floaty with sexual need.

What it would be to orgasm as I sat watching Zoe mop up the last of Leslie’s piss.

I could do it too - I knew how I could make it happen. I rocked up onto my left buttock and slipped my right hand in underneath so that my knuckle was pressed right up against my pussy. It felt good, really good.

I could make myself come from grinding pressure. I’d found that out when I’d started humping my first boyfriend’s leg. I thought back to when I’d shared a room at a holiday villa - I’d ground-out a few orgasms with my friend sleeping soundly in the bed beside me. It was possible - and a real possibility when I felt that first explosion of pleasure as I used my knuckle to crush my clitoris against my pubic bone. It was perfect - and my carefully-chosen black skirt wouldn’t show a damp patch even if my juices leaked through.

The biggest problem was friction burn. I’d never done it through clothes before and the rough material and extreme pressure combined to punish the skin of my knuckle even as the reward of furtive clitoral stimulation flooded my body. Each movement was a riot of pleasure-pain. It felt so different from skin-on-skin frigging and was an exciting vacuum of sensation compared to the explosive stimulation of a vibrator.

I was so excited that I knew I could come; knew that I could release the orgasm which had been lurking since I’d hurried out of my bedroom that morning. Since I’d pissed in my towel.

I gasped at the thought, the symmetry of the day; from my own pissy towel through to the towel Zoe was sweeping over the kitchen floor; the one soaked with Leslie’s piss. I tried hard to maintain my posture, but my hips were moving of their own accord - a little snaky wriggle which dragged my clitoris along the longest possible pressure path offered by my knuckle.

One more stroke like that last one would take me over the edge into orgasm with Zoe only metres away from me. My hips twisted up and then rotated heavily down, sending fire from my knuckle and causing an explosion of ecstasy which flooded out from my clitoris. I didn’t make a single noise as waves of pleasure consumed my pelvic region; it was an exercise in pleasure-denial not to gasp or rub properly, to just sit there with my body erupting and my head swimming. Even without those instinctive ways to heighten the pleasure of an orgasm, it was enormous; barely contained. The only ‘tell’ was that both my legs rose to horizontal and my back arched into perfect posture with my shoulders and bum pushed right back... and the fingers of my left hand were white from where they had been gripping the chair.

The orgasm was fading; the pulses slowing and decreasing in severity as I shifted uncomfortably on the chair. “Better?” Zoe asked.

“Much,” I answered, feeling like a nymphomaniac. What kind of girl masturbated in her work’s kitchen while another girl unknowingly mops up her boss’s pee? I knew the answer to that particular question.

I was buoyant, perched on a blissful cloud of ecstasy, having been skyrocketed by my exceptionally dirty behaviour and unrelenting drive for relief. I smiled, thinking that Leslie would be proud of me.

“You’re looking very hot,” Zoe said, her eyes flicking down to my blouse. “Are you sure you’re OK?” I thought about Leslie and how she had deflected attention by acknowledging the display of her breasts.

“Well, I can’t really take anything else off,” I said, pushing my tits out meaningfully at Zoe. “Well, maybe my knickers,” I added, thinking of Leslie again.

“No,” Zoe said, snorting with laughter. “I was wondering what had happened to your... shoes,” she said tactfully. We both knew what she really meant.

“You should try it some time. It’s very liberating to go all bare... at work.” Zoe laughed again. A much deeper, fuller laugh than the first one.

“Somehow I don’t think I’d be able to get away with it.”

“On account of your really big... feet?” Zoe exploded with laughter and I felt my body slide back to something more closely resembling reality as the orgasm cleared from my muddled mind.

“I suppose I’d better be getting back!”’ I said, pulling myself upright. My feet were sticky with Leslie’s dried pee.

“Aren’t you going to have a drink?” Zoe asked, setting out the cups. “Or did you just pop in to wash the kitchen floor?” Somewhat guiltily, I remembered what I was supposed to be doing and gave Zoe an embarrassed smile.

“What would you like?” Zoe asked, as I slipped gratefully back onto the chair.

“One tea, one coffee - white with no sugar,” I said.

*****

It felt naughty to walk bare foot back to the office with just two cups in one hand and my shoes in the other. For some reason, I imagined myself on a Caribbean beach, my toes curling into the sand with every footstep. The exaggerated sway returned to my hips. I was topless in both my fantasy and effectively in reality due to my see-through blouse.

I toyed with the idea of going into the meeting as I was, but thought it best to make myself respectable since I didn’t know who might be in there. Returning to our office, I slipped out of my blouse and put my bra back on. However, I did leave my shoes under my desk as I took Leslie’s morning coffee to Jim’s office.

I knocked lightly and entered without waiting. Leslie was up at the front of the room standing beside a projected image and there were perhaps twenty suits, all watching her. Well, they had been - as soon as I entered, they were all watching me.

“Thank you, Emma.” Leslie’s eyes dropped to my bare feet and she smiled a private little smile. As I lowered the cup to the table, I saw Jim looking over at me and he dropped his eyes to my chest and gave me a nod of approval. Both actions gave me a spark, knowing that I had pleased both my boss and her boss with my attire.

As I closed the door behind me, I thought about the drink waiting on my desk. It would have to wait. I needed to pee, having not gone since I'd used my towel in my bedroom.

It seemed a very long time since I had been for a ‘normal’ pee in the toilet at work but that was where I found myself heading, back to my old ‘favourite’ cubicle. It seemed so boring... a waste to simply throw my pee down the toilet.

Oh how I’d changed since I’d last paid a visit to this loo. Then it had been my escape hole, a place to hide myself away. I smiled as I realised that the extended visits to this cubicle had led indirectly to everything that had happened in the office with Leslie. My knickers were clinging wetly to my crotch. I didn’t see any point in keeping them on, so following Leslie’s example, I stripped them off completely. As I pulled my skirt up to my waist, my bottom half was entirely naked... the only thing that could get wet was my skin. I had an idea.

Instead of sitting on the loo, I put the lid up and stood over it, one leg to either side. I’d never peed standing up before and felt a flutter of excitement at doing something new with my pee. Leslie would be proud, I was sure. I imagined Leslie watching, perhaps she was behind me, her hands reaching round to hold my pussy open... or even better... perhaps she was lying on the floor, looking up from between my ankles. Or maybe... Leslie was behind me, kissing my neck as she held my pussy open and Zoe was looking up as I pissed on her.

Dirty wet images flickered through my imagination. There were so many good ones that it was hard to settle on any single one. Zoe’s open mouth? The stream when it came was powerful and squirted further forward than I’d been expecting - it missed the bowl entirely and hit the centre of the upturned lid. Instead of stopping, I took a step back, standing in front of the toilet as a man would do at a urinal.

I was peeing like a man... maybe I could wander into the Gents and line up next to Jim as he took a leak. I’d be able to look across and down and see his cock as pee squirted out of the little hole. I’d never seen a urinating cock - the only stuff I’d seen coming out of a cock had been white. But I could imagine... and for some reason, it was Jim who came to mind again. I was too satisfied by my earlier orgasms to want to masturbate again but the idea of Jim peeing filled me with a delicious type of nervous energy. It was something to store in the memory banks for later masturbatory sessions... as was the image of Zoe mopping up Leslie’s piss and maybe lying in it as I peed on her.

I wasn’t really concentrating on what I was doing and only realised what was happening when the tap-tap-tap of my pee on the floor alerted me to the fact that my stream had faded and was now dropping vertically between my legs. I was obviously going to have to practice if I wanted to pee standing up cleanly.

Grabbing a wad of loo roll, I cleaned myself first -up both legs and my pussy. Then I wiped the seat, bowl and floor, imagining that I was being made to do it... maybe Jim had found out that it was me who had made this mess. Perhaps to teach me a lesson, he would pee all over me and make me clean it up? The idea had a certain charm to it - it seemed to resonate with something that I wanted to do, something I wanted to experience.

Scrunching my knickers into a ball, I gave myself a sneaky wash from the sink until I was about as clean as I was going to get. It was time to go and get that cup of tea - which was still drinkably hot. I smiled as I thought about Zoe and gulped my way down the cup. There was no sign of Leslie and I had to admit that I was actually missing her.

I thought of a way I could be close to her even while she wasn’t in the office. I rummaged in my bag and picked out Leslie’s white knickers. They were size 8-10, the same as mine. I placed my feet through the holes and pulled them up, relishing the soft dry material against my pussy.

Pulling my chair up to the desk, I wiggled the mouse to wake up my sleepy computer and tried to find some work to do while I waited. Wearing my boss’s knickers was deliciously erotic... I just hoped that Leslie would understand if they were a little bit wet when she finally made it back to our office.
