The Listener

Author: Abigail Thornton

Patient Name: Paul Robinson

Case Summary: Paul has been sited adjacent to the ladies toilet at work and reports that he has become obsessed by what he can hear through the ‘paper-thin' walls. He readily admits to watching watersport pornography and this ‘wet’ infatuation led to the breakdown of his previous relationship - which caused him to seek help and ultimately register with us.

“So, Paul... tell me how you’ve been getting on since our last session.”

“Well, the most amazing thing has happened. I confessed what I’ve been doing to Emma, one of the girls at work.”

“Confessed? That you’ve listened to her while she peed?”

“Yes.”

“How did she respond to your... confession?” I set and checked the recorder and settled back to take notes. This sounded like a very significant break-through for Paul.

As you know, my desk is cited right next to the ladies loo and I have been forced to listen to the ablutions of every female member of staff for nearly two years. That’s why I’m here - in therapy. Well, this was different. For once, I was working away from my desk. The company below us have gone bump and I had been tasked with salvaging some of their equipment, along with a girl from Procurement - Emma Woods. Obviously, I’ve heard this girl pee hundreds of times - along with every other woman in the office. 

But this time it was different. We were the only people on the entire floor - it was weird: the place had a ‘dead’ feel about it, as though no-one had been there for years. Emma had told me that she was ‘fit to burst" having drunk a coffee from the cafe and she went to the ladies. I sat on the desk outside - only I could hear every single detail. There was no air conditioning or computer hum to muffle the sounds, no voices interrupting, no ringing phones. It was totally silent, apart from the sounds of Emma going about her toilet on the other side of the wall.

My practised ear heard everything: her footsteps approaching the cubicle, the clatter of the cubicle door shutting and the latch shooting into place. I could even hear the rustle of Emma’s jeans being dragged down and the pause as her knickers followed; there was the creak of the toilet seat as it settled under her weight and then the hiss as she started to pee. Her stream hit the porcelain at first, but the angle quickly changed and it went straight into the water waiting at the bottom. I knew her routine, having listened to her pee hundreds of times before but she surprised me - which is why I was still listening so intently when she reappeared. I’d been waiting for the roll of the loo-paper and the wash of hands - but she did neither. Instead, I was sitting on a table with my head cocked as she came back into the corridor.

“No paper!" she complained, before reading the position of my body. She knew what I’d been doing and there was no point denying it. The way I was sitting with my head cocked, I may as well have been caught with a listening-trumpet pressed against the wall of the toilet. Only I hadn’t needed anything to assist me - it had been so quiet that I had heard every detail of Emma’s toileting as though it was being played through an expensive surround-sound system.

I saw the realisation on Emma’s face, the realisation that I had invaded her privacy -not just that I had heard her pee but that I had deliberately listened. The blood rushed to my face and I felt the heat of embarrassment. Unfortunately, Emma wasn’t looking at my face. She was looking at my crotch, where the material was jutting-up around the massive boner I’d got from listening to her. It happened all the time - that’s why I’m in therapy - but that was the first time anyone had seen my reaction: a sexual reaction to the sound of a girl pissing. I was sitting on a desk, not behind my own desk. Emma could see the erection and she knew why it was there. She knew that I was a pee-pervert and that my listening to her pee had given me an erection.

Neither of us said or did anything for a long moment. I was imagining myself in HR, defending the fact that I’d got an erection while listening to a female colleague urinate. Obviously, I’d deny it. I’d just say that I’d been fantasising about something ‘normal’ - a pretty girl I’d seen to on the way to work. No, that’d sound a bit stalker-ish. A pretty girl I’d spoken to in a bar... and taken outside and shagged. For some reason, the girl pressed-up against the wall in my imagination was Emma. And the reason we were shagging was because she’d just squatted in front of me and let her bladder empty - let me watch as her lovely warm piss splattered onto the pavement. I groaned at the thought and I’m sure my cock throbbed a little.

“Were you listening to me while I peed?” Emma asked, bringing me back to the serious reality of my current situation. She was watching the movement of my crotch where my trousers were twitching like a tent on a gusty day.

“Yes!" I murmured. It felt so good to finally admit what I’d been doing all this time that I sucked in a few a deep breaths of relief. From the look on Emma’s face, I have no doubt that she thought that I’d just come in my pants.

“Pardon?” she said.

“I was listening,” I admitted quietly, looking up to make sure that she’d heard my confession. I was shaking with excitement and fear. I had just thrown myself on the mercy of a work colleague. Now she could go up to HR and get me sacked for the pervert I was: the kind of pervert who listens to women pee. I’d be lucky if they just sacked me. I could imagine them making an announcement on the tannoy, telling everyone what I’d done. They would see the location of my desk right next to the ladies loo and they’d know. They’d know that I’d heard them all, that I’d listened and they’d all be disgusted. They’d be disgusted before Emma told them that I’d listened to her and that I’d got an erection. Perhaps she’d embellish the story, as girls were wont to do. Perhaps she’d tell them that she’d caught me stroking my erect cock; that I’d been masturbating while I’d been listening to her peeing. “Pee-pervert!” they’d cry.

“So... you listened to me pee and you got that?” Emma asked, nodding down at the straining material of my trousers.

“Yes,” I replied, as though confirming my name and address in a court of law. I cowered as Emma stood in front of me. Well, most of me cowered -my cock was completely oblivious and throbbed urgently, making the material of my trousers move again. Emma’s hand went over her mouth and she gasped in shock.

“You’re really, really hard, aren’t you? I mean you’ve got a full stonk-on and everything?”

Emma’s eyes were glued to my bulging crotch.

“Sorry,” I said, thinking that it was the only appropriate response.

“You don’t need to apologise, Paul,” Emma replied, her voice suddenly very soft and sultry. She took a step towards me, the first move either of had made since the ‘situation’ had arisen. “I’m actually quite... flattered.” I let-out an enormous sigh of relief. I always thought that had been a saying, but there seemed to have been air building up all over my body, not just in my lungs, and it all escaped in a great whoosh and the relief was enormous as I suddenly deflated. Well, not all of my body deflated. Emma laughed. “I mean, it’s weird, obviously.” She looked up from my crotch and I could see a flush of colour in her cheeks as I looked her in the eye. “You got an erection just from listening to me pee?"

“Yes.”

She laughed again. “I’m glad I didn’t know... I would probably have got stage fright. I have enough trouble 'going’ when there are girls in the other stalls.” I grinned at her little joke and the tension broke. I’d admitted to listening to Emma as she pissed, admitted to the sexual reaction I'd had to listening to her empty her bladder and she was still here talking to me, rather than running up the stairs to HR. I was shaking, my body unable to cope with the adrenaline now that the crisis had passed.

“Have you ever watched a girl pee?” Emma asked thoughtfully. My cock throbbed and I longed to stroke it as my beautiful colleague talked to me about my favourite things.

“Not in real life, no.” I saw Emma process my response for a few seconds; then she smiled warmly.

“But you’ve watched videos? Clips on the internet?”

“Yes.”

“And you get hard... and wank while you’re watching them.” There was a lightness to Emma’s words and I knew that she was picturing me masturbating while watching women piss.

“Have you ever been in a ladies loo?”

“No, of course not!" I protested. “I’m not a pervert!” Emma raised her eyebrows questioningly. “Well, not that kind of pervert,” I added, with a shrug. Emma was smiling now.

“Would you like to - a ladies loo?” Emma’s hand stretched towards me and I took it without thinking. We stayed frozen, holding hands for an eternity. “Come-on then,” she said, tugging sharply on my fingers. “No-one ever comes down here.” There was a sparkle in Emma’s eyes which incited me to action. She had a plan, and the mischievous little smile under those glinting eyes made me want to be a part of it.

Emma led the way, her little hand keeping hold of my sweaty claw. Her hand was so dainty, the red nails so perfectly manicured as she pushed-open the toilet door and dragged me inside. There was the same dead feel to the air, only it was even more intense in the small space. Every surface was white or silver, but there was griminess about the place, every surface was shining through from beneath settled dirt. It was six months since this space had last been rented - and it was obvious that no-one had been in to clean it in the meantime.

The loo was smaller than the gents, and it seemed odd to be in a toilet without a line of urinals. The row of four traps were against the exterior wall, as I knew they would be. I wondered which one Emma had been using when I’d listened to her.

“This one,” she said, touching her fingers against the first door as though she’d heard my question. I looked inside and imagined Emma with her jeans round her ankles, her bare bottom on the seat and her lovely warm piss splattering down into the bowl.

“God!" I groaned, and Emma must have known what I was thinking. My cock was pushing up against my belt and I made no attempt to hide what was happening to me. I jumped as she touched me.

“You’re so tense,” she said. “Tension’s not good for you. Perhaps you should do something to relieve it.” I looked down at her and saw the incriminating smile. Emma was undoubtedly suggesting what I thought she was suggesting -that I masturbate.

“You want me to do it in here? Now?” It was

Emma’s turn to flush as she gave a little nod and indicated the cubicle.

“I was thinking that you could do it in there.” There was a power to her suggestion and I found myself moving into the cubicle without really thinking about what was going to happen. I turned to shut the door but Emma was in there with me. “Go-on then!" she said, smiling.

I undid my belt and button, expecting her to stop me, to declare the whole thing as a joke - but she didn’t. My zipper came down and I steadied myself as I dropped my trousers and boxers to my knees and hurriedly sat down. Emma was grinning as she scrutinized my hard-on. She pulled her hair back behind her ear as though it had been threatening to get in the way of the view. “Very nice!" she said. “Very nice. Now stroke it.” There was a little edge to her voice as she gave that final instruction, as though I shouldn’t even consider disobeying her. I liked it. I liked her being in control.

I wrapped my hand around my cock and stroked it, doing it in a way which showed her every detail of what I was doing, making it clear that I was showing, not hiding. I pointed the tip at her pretty face and dragged at my foreskin, pulling it until the entire swollen head was exposed at the bottom of every stroke. Emma watched as I leant forward and spat on my cock. Once it was wet, it became easier and I was able to wank it faster and harder. As soon as I did, Emma made a girlish little noise. It was almost nothing, but it gave her away entirely. She was horny too.

“Emma?”

“Hmm?” she barely responded to her name.

“Emma!” I said, sharply. Her eyes refocused.

“Show me your pussy.” There was no resistance at all. I watched from my perch on the toilet as Emma stepped out of her shoes as she pulled at her red belt. Her hands guided the jeans down her legs and she stepped out of them delicately before placing them carefully over the side of the cubicle. Her knickers were white lace and there was a wet patch over the swell of her pussy lips. She saw me looking.

“It’s not my fault - there’s no toilet paper!" she protested, looking at the empty spindle.

“Stop complaining and show me your pussy.” Emma paused, and I did something that I never imagined possible. I stopped wanking, reached forward with both hands and pulled my colleague’s knickers down past her knees. She screeched in protest, twisting her knees together as her hands crossed over her groin.

“Emma!” I said, mock-sternly.

“OK,” she said, “But remember that I wasn’t expecting anyone to see down there.” I didn’t know what that meant... but wanted to find-out.

“Show me.” Emma’s hands parted like a pair of curtains on a sunny morning. Her pussy was perfect with symmetrical lobes of flesh covered with a uniform-length of thick dark hair, too short to be curly. My imagination ran away with me and I pictured Emma shaving the whole area about a fortnight ago.

“It’s usually totally shaved!" she started to apologise.

“It’s perfect!" I said, my face splitting into a wide grin. “It’s fucking perfect!” Here was Emma, one of the most inaccessibly beautiful girls I’d ever met, showing me her pussy and she was apologising and feeling insecure about herself.

“No,” she protested. “It’s all spiky,” she said, running her fingers over her mound. I took the protest as an invitation and ran my thumb up over the same area. I expected Emma to jump out of the way, but she didn’t - she just stood there as I rubbed my thumb over the soft hairs adorning her pussy as I continued to stroke my cock.

“Feels pretty amazing to me.” There was a knot of excitement in my stomach but it was no competition for the throbbing in my shaft as I circled my thumb lower and lower. It was clear that Emma wasn’t going to stop me. Any second now, my circling thumb was going to pass from her pussy mound onto her pussy.

“Don't!" she said, gripping my wrist with both hands. “I'm way too sensitive.” The mood changed and I’d thought I'd lost her for a moment. “Can I give you a blow-job?"

I snorted, laughing at the fact she was asking. “You bet,” I clarified when she looked doubtful. Emma dropped to her knees and brought her face right up to my cock.

“Tell me to do it,” she whispered.

“Suck me off, Emma,” I said. “And make a good job of it,” I added. I saw her smile as she gazed at my cock. It throbbed for her, knowing that she was going open her mouth and take it inside; that she wanted to suck it and taste it. Maybe Emma would even let me come in her mouth.

Her hand wrapped around the root of my cock and she pulled it forward until the sensitive tip was resting against her lips. I held my breath as our eyes met. Emma’s lips moved; she was kissing and sucking the far side of my cock as she gazed into my eyes. I could see the hunger in there, the lust. She wanted this - she wanted to be on her knees, sucking my cock in a toilet cubicle at work. Her eyes told me that there was nowhere else she would rather be and nothing she would rather be doing.

My cock was suddenly engulfed in soft, wet heat as Emma’s head sank down. Her lips were sealed tightly around my shaft as she took the entire swollen head into her mouth. I sighed as her tongue became a tickling swirl playing along the sensitive edge of my crown. As she dropped further down, I thrust up into her willing mouth and my fingers stroked her hair. She sucked and I felt my cock flex and strain.

Emma’s mouth was wonderful and I needed more. She gave me more. She began sucking on my cock while moving her head back and forth. Slow, regular movements at first but the complicated stimulation made my cock hungry. Emma went faster, fast enough to make me come... then just as I was about to blow, she backed-off. Slow, slower, then fast and faster still. This girl was used to giving blowjobs, used to controlling the pleasure of a man with her mouth. The thought of Emma sucking cocks, maybe in other toilets was deliciously wicked and as my imagination ran riot, other thoroughly debauched, perverted and sinful images took over.

Even as I was threatening to come in Emma’s glorious little mouth, I was imagining pissing in it. Just like I’d seen in the videos I’d admitted to watching.

I imagined the hiss as my piss-stream shot out of my cock and arched into Emma’s waiting mouth. Once the flow had started, I would push harder to increase the rate of flow, eager to fill her mouth as quickly as possible. Then I’d stop. I didn’t want to stop, but I really didn’t want to waste my precious liquid. Emma threw back her head, gargled and then swallowed, once, twice and again - only opening her mouth when it was completely empty and she was ready for more. It was an unthinkable fantasy to be having as Emma’s mouth worked my cock.

There was a new intensity to the stimulation as Emma wanked the root of my cock with an upward twist as she continued to suck. It was as if she was willing the spunk in my balls to rise... and the unrelenting stimulation meant that it had no choice but to obey. “Oh God!" I grunted happily, as Emma kept her mouth over my cock as it spurted - the most intense sexual experience of my life. It almost hurt, it felt so good and it had been a few days since I’d had chance to have a wank, so I gave a good account of myself in terms of the quantity of spunk I shot. Emma sucked and swallowed and licked until there was nothing left but the sheen of her saliva making my cock glisten.

“That was...” I began.

“My turn!" Emma said boldly, and we did a little dance to swap positions in the cubicle. She sat with her bum right on the front of the seat, meaning her legs were spread either side of mine as I stared down in disbelief. Her scruffy little pussy was on full display, the labia glistening. The only thing that could have made the situation more perfect would have been if there was a stream of urine escaping from between the sweet folds of Emma’s pussy lips. Perhaps she knew what I was thinking as I paused to stare.

Even though I knew she’d just emptied her bladder, I wondered whether she might manage a little trickle of urine, just for me. But it wasn’t fair to expect her to perform when she had made it so clear what she wanted. I dropped down to my knees and did one the most intimate things you can do to a woman - tasted her pussy. 

I did it very gently - just touching my lips against the soft outer folds. Emma gasped and her back arched as her hands slammed against each wall to brace herself. I backed-off, licking my lips as I kissed her inner thigh. Salty and sweet -gorgeous... I wanted more.

Even the less-intimate touch against her thigh made her gasp a wordless exclamation - Emma was so sensitive that a feather dragged across her skin would have been unbearably savage. I retreated further, to the safety of Emma’s knees and worked my hands and mouth desperately slowly. It was still torture, but at least I could do something.

Kissing and squeezing softly along Emma’s thighs, I eventually got back to her crotch. I could smell the excitement between her legs. Thinking back to my earlier exploration, I put my hand on her belly and dragged my thumb through the thicket of pubic hair on her mound. Emma sighed as the skin pulled tight and I saw her labia moving. I wondered whether it’d be enough - if Emma couldn’t stand for me to touch her pussy, perhaps I could get her off without touching it. I circled my thumb on a spot right above her pussy, tugging more powerfully on the labia and the clitoris hiding beneath. She squirmed at the touch but let-out a groan of satisfaction.

“That’s lovely!" Emma confirmed, placing her hand over mine. I kept to the same rhythm, watching in amazement as her body contorted as the pleasure quickly built. She looked down at me with a guilty grin. “You’re going to do it,” she said. “Just don’t stop, OK?” Emma’s eyes closed and her face screwed shut in concentration. Her knuckles went white as they gripped the back of my hand. I did as she asked, simply rubbing in the same place using the same rhythm. Her hips bucked and her legs flapped open and closed, as though she was climbing a tree. And then she stopped.

“Oooooh Jesus!” she hissed, and I could feel the effort of keeping quiet as the enormous tension escaped from Emma’s body in waves. Her knees clamped against my shoulders and her body twisted and writhed, as if trying to escape from deep inside a thorny hedgerow. Eventually, she stopped the movement of my hand. “That was perfect,” she said, and I saw something in her face, something forbidden and deeply secret.

“What?” I asked. I saw Emma pause.

“I had a pee fantasy while you were playing with me. That was why I was so sensitive.”

“What was the fantasy?”

“That I let you watch me while I peed.” I felt my cock spring up. I’d never talked about this with a girl before. “It made it much more intense.” Emma’s fantasy was laying fertile roots in my imagination.

“Do you think you could pee?” I asked, hopefully.

“I don’t know.” My heart skipped a beat as Emma shuffled back on the toilet seat. My face was level with her pussy, and only a few inches away. Nothing happened for a long minute. Then Emma laughed. “This is really hard!” she said.

“No it’s not,” and a long-forgotten fantasy popped into my head. I twisted up onto my knees and rested my erection on the toilet seat. Emma tensed, watching carefully - but nothing happened.

“See?” she said, with light sarcasm. I fought to relax, knowing it was possible to piss through an erection - it didn’t matter that I couldn’t control the direction of the flow. I felt something give and fluid escaped into my cock. A burst of piss shot-out. It was high speed and flowed horizontally before shattering into wet shrapnel against Emma’s pussy. Emma shrieked, having not seen my bullet of piss. Her groin and inner thighs were shiny with droplets of my urine. I thought she might complain but instead, she lowered both hands and pulled her pussy open, pinning-back the flesh of her labia with her fingertips, presenting an inviting target... and waited.

It took a while to summon. “Just relax,” Emma said in a soothing voice which did nothing to help. The fact that she wanted me to piss on her was making the problem of my throbbing erection much, much worse. But eventually, I felt the seal break and a hard, twisting stream of piss shot out of my cock and jetted into the exposed core of Emma’s pussy. She gasped in surprise and then sighed contentedly as she moved her pussy deeper into my piss-stream, letting my filthy fluid wash over her most private parts. I saw the pink lantern of Emma’s clitoris just as she dropped it into the flow of urine. Emma moaned and I knew exactly why - the part of her that was too sensitive to be touched was being jet washed. She squealed as I pressed down hard on my bladder, increasing the flow-rate of the urine battering against her clitoris.

It was satisfying but wasteful as my bladder drained in only a few breathless seconds. However, Emma took over the reins; she moved forward and squatted over the tip of my cock and let go of her own pressure. It was an incredible sensation feeling her pee hit the sensitive flesh of my cock, run down the shaft and over my balls, and trickle down my thighs. She was directing her piss out of the bowl of the toilet and it went everywhere, the splashes wet my shirt but I didn’t care. It was too hot, too shocking and amazing to care about problems. Emma was pissing on me!

Emma guided her pee stream along to the root of my cock and back; her hot liquid curled down my thighs and pooled on the floor. This was what I’d wanted, something that I’d always wanted. Emma’s face was filled with joy as she watched her pee flowing out over my cock as I wanked it. I lifted it into her flow and she aimed her stream right into my pee hole, trying to force a little of her piss into my cock.

As her flow came to an abrupt stop, I furiously wanked my piss-wet cock until I felt my scrotum tighten. Kneeling in a puddle of Emma’s piss was enough for me... but not for her. Emma’s pussy nuzzled against the head of my cock invitingly. I looked up and saw the raised eyebrow and the filthy look beneath it. “Stick your big fat cock in my pissy little pussy.” The demand thrilled me and I thrust up and forward, piercing her.

Her pussy wasn’t just wet but slick; my cock slid into her body effortlessly and it felt like nothing on this Earth. It was crushingly-tight and I could feel it dilating as I pressed in a little deeper. Emma sighed, “Oooooh fuck, that’s nice.” I tried to back-off, my entire being focused on holding back my orgasm long enough to enjoy Emma’s sexual gift.

Emma’s body was wedged against the cistern, lying almost flat across the toilet seat with her legs spread around my waist. I concentrated on my breathing first, forcing it to slow, feeling the control return, feeling my body ease away from the orgasm it so desperately wanted.

I pushed firmly into Emma, allowing my cock to explore the depths of her pussy, holding it fully inside her for several seconds before withdrawing. A gentle sigh escaped from her mouth and I felt the tension fall from her body as she surrendered herself to me. Using her moans and gasps as guidance, I thrust into her with long slow strokes, letting her feel the full length and thickness of my cock.

Emma’s breathing changed and her hand moved mindlessly between her legs and started rubbing her clitoris. My sexy little work colleague was masturbating! My thrusts took on a purposeful gait, matching the rhythm of Emma’s hips as they shifted. I listened to the sounds of her and felt the tension return. She's going to come. This is so hot! I tried to ease myself to the very edge of my own orgasm, such that I could follow hers as soon as it erupted.

Her pussy was making squelching sounds with every thrust, and I desperately hoped that every thrust would be my last - that Emma would orgasm and I’d be able to follow her down the slippery slope into a joint climax.

My cock thickened, and I knew my game was up; but at the very moment I groaned, plunging my spurting cock deep into Emma, she made a noise in her throat and the twitching walls of her pussy started caressing my shaft. Her body shuddered under mine; her legs shook as they pulled tightly around my waist. I heard myself talking to her, telling her that she was amazing; that she was so hot; thanking her. Just shut-up! I meant every word, but each one sounded pathetic and desperate. Eventually I managed to stop the words and just enjoyed the way her pussy felt as it milked my cock.

After my flaccid cock slipped out, I sank back to the floor and sat in the puddle of Emma’s cold piss, looking at the puffy wetness of her freshly-fucked pussy.

Emma looked at me from behind half-closed eyes. I didn't know what to say; I was lost in the wonder of having shared a session of watersport sex with one of my work colleagues... at work. It seemed unreal, so unlikely - hard to believe even while I was still sitting in a pool of Emma’s piss between her knees, watching my spunk leak out of her. I imagined trying to tell anyone about what had happened: I wouldn’t believe it had happened...

Since I couldn’t find the words, I just smiled and nodded at Emma, hoping that she was too content to speak. “Well, that was... fun,” she said eventually, finally stirring. “I don’t suppose you could check the other stalls for some toilet roll?” I smiled, jumped-up and found a spare roll in the last cubicle. We cleaned ourselves and then mopped the floor as best we could. Only after we’d finished and dressed did we finally address each other again. Emma started to say something but I interrupted by kissing her.

“Oh!” she said, when I’d finished. I took another deep mouthful of her lips, feeling them open against mine as our tongues touched. She made an appreciative noise, and said, “Mmmm, we really should be getting back.” She was right, but I feared that this wonderful wet world I was sharing with Emma would end as soon as I stepped back out of the ladies.

“Not a chance,” she said, when I expressed my concerns. “It’s Friday today and I have a feeling that it’s going to be a very wet weekend.”

Patient Name: Paul Robinson

Case Update: In Emma, Paul appears to have found someone with whom he can share his obsession with urolagnia. It is possible that they may led a very happy (if wet) life together. If Paul chooses to followup his sessions at any point, I'd be happy to see him.

Dr Penny Fountain
