Contrived Desperation

Author: Hamish (2000-05-21 at 14:26) #62023

Some girls seem to enjoy trapping themselves in embarrassing situations. That's the only conclusion I can arrive at, but it would be a good topic for discussion for both sexes.

A number of years ago I took out a lovely young lady I had met at college. The plan was to drive into Birmingham to take in a show, have a meal and then get back in the early hours of the morning. We had a great night, but towards midnight it started getting foggy. I don't like driving through fog but we had no choice really. As we left the restaurant I expected her to go to 'powder her nose' but she didn't. I popped to the gents, thinking she might take the opportunity to make sure she was ok for the journey home, but she didn't disappear as I had expected.

No sooner had we got out of the city before she tells me she needs a loo. I have long since thought that she must have contrived to put herself in this position, just to embarrass me or excite me or whatever. I didn't know what to do. Over the next half hour she becomes really distressed. It's quite obvious to me that she just isn't going to be able to find relief by the side of the road - given the length of her rather tight dress. I concede to her request to leave the main road so we can pass through a village or two in the hope of finding a toilet.

I was really sweating as I looked through the fog for a toilet as we passed through village after village. By now she's telling me repeatedly that she's absolutely bursting and that I simply have to find a loo now. She's making me feel like it's my fault she's in this state but I keep thinking that she chose not to pay a call before we set off, but I'm still feeling for the poor girl. Even if her dilemma was self-induced, she was certainly going through seven shades of hell right now.

Seeing anything in the fog was difficult at best, but then we passed a fish and chip shop that was still open. I quickly reversed back, expecting her to jump out and dash off to the chippy, but she asks what the hell I'm doing and I have to explain that this is her best hope of relief and she should see if they will let her use their loo. I'm told she's too desperate to move and her only hope is if I go and ask if she can use their loo first. Well, talk about embarrassed! I was trembling as I asked, but was not surprised to hear their refusal. I asked - begged them to relent and the lady assistant must have taken pity on me since she said my girl could come in, it being a real emergency.

As I dashed out to tell her relief was at hand, I stopped dead to see no car. It was gone. I looked up the road and saw the rear lights. As I approached I saw my girl by the hedge, fighting her zip as she jiggled up and down. As she saw me approaching she groaned and bent almost double. I was quick to tell her the good news and help her hobble back to the chip shop. She was inside for an age before returning with two portions of chips. As we sat eating the chips, she told me she had hoped to attend to affairs while I was in the shop, so she had driven a little way up the road but she couldn't manage her zip and was fully expecting to get soaked through. We joked and laughed quite a bit, now she was in control again, but I didn't ask why she had put herself in this predicament in the first place.

To this day, I wonder if she did it for the attention.

