Band Rehearsal

Written by Veronique (2010-12-01)

Chris told Madeleine that she could visit his band this Friday in their rehearsal room to see what he does there all the time.

The band was new founded and so there hadn't been any public gig and Madeleine was really inpatient to hear them.

The whole day she was in a good mood because she likes music and thought that to be in a room with five crazy guys might not be that bad. Chris picked her up at her home and they started driving to their place. It was about thirty minutes to go so they talked most of the time.

A few kilometers before they reached their destination Chris said: "And one advice I have to give, be carefull with the beer there..." Madeleine interrupted his speech: "Hey, what's this? You passed out last weekend, I am able to handle a few beers!" And she laughed thinking about the gone weekend.

Chris answered: "No, that is not the point, but I wanted to say that there is no toilet."

"Okay, that's another situation," Madeleine said more quiet, "but not to be to private, but you guys, what do you do?"

"We have to go out to the trees, but there's not much cover and I think you don't like to find yourself in the restraint to go there, do you?"

"You are right, I don't like it!"

Then they arrived and Chris introduced Madeleine to the band. They were all nice and very kind.

After a short small talk, they wanted to start and the drummer asked Madeleine if she liked a bottle of beer. She nodded and the band started to play. They always played four or five songs and then made a short break to discuss the result.

Madeleine enjoyed it and at some songs she tried to do some backing vocals.

During the third break she noticed two guys leaving the room and exactly knew why. She didn't feel a need, although her first bottle was empty now. She got a glimpse on the list of songs and found out that there were only ten songs left. So she calculated that it might be thirty or forty minutes left here and then they would go home or to a bar straight, so she came to the result that one more bottle would be okay. So the drummer gave her another one.

During the next break Chris left to relief himself and Madeleine now felt that she also could need a pee, but was absolutely confident that the situation won't get worse. But with the last set, the band had some problems.

There were a few passages they weren't right and so they continued a few times the same song and time was going on also like Madeleine's need to pee. She was sitting on an amplifier's case and had her legs crossed. She had already finished her second beer and was starting to fidget a bit because she became more and more uncomfortable. Finally the band was about to play the last song for this day and Madeleine was very glad that they would leave soon because she knew it would take about thirty minutes to go home. The group asked Madeleine to join them again and sing some backings at the last track and she agreed. Standing up made her need worse but soon she was able to step from one foot to the other with the beat of the song. It helped her to get more comfortable but there was no doubt for her that she really had to pee now.

After the song she expected a fast goodbye instead the band sat together to make a short review of the evening.

They handed each of them a so called briefing beer and also Madeleine was asked to get an other.

She didn't want to drink more but otherwise she didn't want to look impolite, so she agreed. To herself she said it would take maybe 15 minutes until everybody had finished the beer and then they would left soon. There was also the talk about joining a bar together that would mean to her that she would be able to use a toilet more quick than leaving now with Chris and having to drive at least 30 minutes. She had to cross her legs but was able to suppress her need very well. Of course she felt her bladder was now filled up and her stomach becoming hard but she would be able to wait a few minutes more. Her calculation was nearly right and after 20 minutes the bottles were all empty. Also the conversation was done but she miscalculated the increase of her need.

The last ten minutes she was gritting her teeth to hold on. Her bladder was spasming from time to time and the last beer went through her nearly without delay. She tried hard not to wiggle around but she couldn't sit completely still. She changed her sitting position constantly to ease the pain.

Finally they left, that meant that Madeleine had to stand up. She did it carefully not to shock her bladder but had trouble to stand straight. Luckily the guys were distracted by packing their things together and so she was able to get out of the room without making it obvious that she was fighting to hold her pee. Outside they stopped again and talked about where to go now. Madeleine stood their pressing her legs together. She put her hands deep into her pockets to press between her legs. She was now slightly bent over and her thighs were shivering. But it was dark outside and so she thought nobody would notice that.

The band decided to went to a bar but Chris wanted to go home directly: "I have to get up very early tomorrow", he said "I have a meeting at 8:00 and have to do some arrangements before that, that means I have to be at the office at 6:30!" Some of his band members nodded but Madeleine said in hope to get to a restroom: "Come on Chris, it's not the first time you would be at work with a hangover! Why not joining the guys for one more beer?" She was now moving her hands inside the pockets which was slightly visible to a watchful person to keep her composure. But Chris didn't give in and so they said goodbye to the others and walked to the car. Madeleine walked with very stiff legs and careful steps. Sit down into the car caused more pain and she moaned loud.

"Everything alright with you?" Chris asked her

"Yes, I'm fine!" she said and Chris started the car.

Madeleine was now trying to find a comfortable position but every move she made, made her need worse and there was no question that they had to stop at the next gas station. So she said: "Mh Chris, is there a gas station coming up, because we need to stop! I really need to pee."

Chris replied: "No, not on our way but I could take a short detour via the main street, ther is one coming aside. But can't you try to make it until home, because I would prefer the shorter way?"

"Sorry Chris, you have to make the detour, I'm not able to hold it much longer. How long will it take until the stop?" Madeleine said pressing both hands between her legs. "About ten minutes!" he said an Madeleine moaned again.

The next two minutes nobody said a word but Madeleine was squirming in her seat constantly but felt that her ability to hold it was fading rapidly. Chris looked over to her and saw her holding herself: "Wow, you really looking like you are very desperate."

"Chris, I'm not sure if I can make it to the stop. I need to pee so bad. How long will it take"

"Maybe six to eight minutes!"

Madeleine tried to get her left leg under her butt to get more pressure there but the movement was not easy in the small car and she had to open her waistband first. The second try was successful but she lost control for a second and a squirt escaped into her panties. "Oh no!" she nearly cried, "Please pull over, I cant hold it anymore!" Chris couldn't believe that her need was so urgent and tried to motivate her:"Only five more minutes, you'll make it"

"Please stop now", she said with a trembling voice, "I am about to pee my pants, please stop!"

Chris asked again: "Are you serious? Can't you wait a bit more!"

"NO!" Madeleine screamed, "I'm leaking!"

So Chris searched a spot to stop and Madeleine was shaking in her seat. She was now under control with sitting on her heel but she felt that her muscles weren't able to hold it any second longer if she was standing up. She opened her pants as much as possible while sitting to save time when she had to get up.

Chris stopped the car and pointed to a nearby hedge:"Over there you may find a place!"

Madeleine didn't even think about reaching the hedge, she knew that she would have problems to get out of the car without damage.

Madeleine opened the door and tried to stand up. At once she felt, she would loose it when getting off of the heel. So she tried with the last afford to regain control over her sphincter with pressing between her legs with both hands again. Then she tried to stand up and in the moment she raised her body pee was trickling. She clenched her muscles with all strength but had started to pee her pants. She quickly stripped down her pants and then let loose completely. Her pee gushed out with much force. She didn't care that Chris could see everything. Chris himself was shocked. He didn't expect Madeleine to pee herself in his car and felt a bit guilty and sympathetic.

After Madeleine had emptied herself she quickly dressed up again an was now very ashamed.

She asked with a blushing face:

"Chris I'm sorry but I had to pee so bad..!"

"It's okay", Chris said.

"But do you have something to cover your seat, I wet may jeans a little and don't want to ruin your seat."

"I noticed it," Chris replied, "in the back there are some newspapers, maybe you take it."

