Desperate for a Story (part 3)

Author: Melody Alexi, 2021

Chapter 3

She was peeing herself. It was too late.

The surprise and rage and horror that came with being caught— and with his smug knowing — pushed her over the unimaginable edge.

The first few frightened hisses were followed by a stream.

She wept helplessly as she peed her skirts, the hot wetness pooling around her pussy, spreading down her legs, and audibly trickling onto the hardwood floor.

She covered her face while she cried like she could hide from him, like she could smother this most embarrassing moment of her life.

He laughed at her feeble attempt to hide, and at the sight of her absolute humiliation, making her want to punch him even more.

The stream kept hissing and the puddle kept growing on the hardwood. It seemed to last an hour.

Even when it stopped, she couldn’t uncover her face. She could barely breathe. She wouldn’t be able to hold her head up ever again.

“Katherine,” he said, his hard tone tinged with something… gentle. Maybe chiding. “Come out.”

She could only release a soft sob in response.

She was soaked and caught spying under her ex’s bed. Charles wouldn’t let her live it down ever. She heard his feet touch the floor and heard him walking off to somewhere. Then she felt his presence crouched by the bed.

“Come out and I will help you clean up.”

That his tone was almost pitying somehow made it worse.

She slowly lifted her head and slowly managed to inch out from beneath the bed. He had put trousers on at least, thank God, even if he remained glaringly, frustratingly shirtless. The way he was taking in the sight of her like she was an errant child strengthened her resolve to be defiant.

She tried to hold her head up as she stood. The front of her grey dress was darkened, absolutely sopping with wet.

His tone changed from pitying to roguish in an instant. “How embarrassing.” He leveled a devilish grin at her. “Like a petulant child.”

The anger flared and she almost gave him an earful. But before she could do or say anything he snatched the papers out of her hand. “Oh. You found these things.” He flipped through them. “I thought maybe they’d make good blackmail if Withering ever stooped low enough to come after me.” He laughed. “You know. Like sending my exlover to snoop in my bedroom or anything like that.”

“I hate you,” she hissed, wiping away tears. It was a lame retort and she knew it. He didn’t even bother responding to it.

Instead, he put the letters down on his night table.

And he grabbed her, stooping to heft her up over his shoulder.

“Put me down!” She pounded his back with her fist. He was carrying her to the study. “Charles, I swear to God I will scream for your mother!”

“You are soaking,” was his only response.

“If you touch me I will—”

Once in the study he dumped her into his desk chair and pulled open his desk drawer, producing rope. Why the hell did he have a rope in there? She realized after a beat that she didn’t want to think about it.

“If you want to scream for an audience, go ahead. Scream. I’d take great delight in everyone seeing you for what you are.”

It was enough to stop her screaming immediately as he fastened her hands behind her back.

“What are you doing?”

“Blackmail. That’s what Withering and you people are all about isn’t it?” He casually adjusted the desk lamp lighting in her direction. "Anything for a sordid story.”

Her heart began to race. She’d watched for endless hours as he’d adjusted the lighting to his liking. Lighting for…

Oh, God.

He produced his compact vest pocket camera from a cabinet by his bookshelf. It only took tiny pictures. But with the right lighting, she knew full well the dark stain would be visible. She could lie through her teeth and tell anyone who would listen that it was only a shadow. She could…

But he put the compact camera on the desk and went to the study corner, this time returning with his large camera on its wooden easel, the sort that could take paper-quality photos.

“Charles, I will murder you!”

“You’ve inspired me with your voyeuristic methods,” he said casually, while fiddling with the setup. “It’s good to see how you manage your career these days.”

“It’s good to see you’re as much a man of honor as ever,” she hissed through gritted teeth.

“Says the woman who hid under my bed to watch me pleasure myself.” She bit back a curse and realized that tears were streaming down her cheeks. But what could she do? She could scream for his mother but the thought of Mrs. Archer and a whole host of servants seeing her like this was unbearable. Plus, Charles probably really would enjoy it.

He stooped low, his face hovering near her face. She resisted a strange, raging flurry of emotions at the sight of his eyes boring into hers, his mouth hovering close to hers. “I’ll cut you a deal. If you let me unfasten these,” he slid one finger under the buttons that kept the bodice of her dress fastened. “I’ll promise to keep these for my private collection. Barring any other insufferable trespasses.”

She bit her lip to stop from launching curses at him and to conceal her arousal at the proposition.

She could feel her nipples hardening again in her chemise and something was happening in her wet skirts that she did not want to acknowledge or admit.

“Or,” he relaxed his eager stance suddenly. He sat back on the desk. “I could of course just let you go home. Like that.”

He flickered one glance over her wet skirts, causing her face to heat afresh.

How was she supposed to slink home like this? How was she supposed to walk her street or parade through the front door of her house like this?

“You win,” she hissed, quickly and quietly.

“Oh no,” he said, and she hated that she knew that tone, the I’m going to make you admit what you want tone that made her melt and filled her with outrage. “It is entirely up to you how this plays out.”

“I hate you, Charles.”

“I know,” he said.

And he let her stew in silence, returning to his camera and adjusting its three legs.

She could no longer tell whether the heat crawling her body was from the embarrassment of messing herself, the anger at Charles, and the undeniable heat of want creeping through her.

And he, the lout, was going to make her choose.

She knew he wouldn’t relent.

She took shuddering breaths and tried to let the air from the window cool her senses.

But all it did was bring back lurid memories of him similarly and firmly telling her she’d have to admit she wanted his body if she wanted it.

She blinked away the tears and forced herself to lift her head, in a weak attempt at defiance.

“Do it,” she hissed.

“Do what?”

Bastard.

“Take your goddamn photo.”

“Mmm, in which pose?”

She gritted her teeth. “You can unfasten my dress.”

“And you’re sure you want me to?”

Smug son of a seething whore…

“Yes,” she said, her jaw firmly clenched. “Yes. That is what I want.”

And she did.

And whatever sensation budding and furling tight in her stomach did as well.

He looked so disgustingly damned pleased.

He made rapid time of unfastening her bodice buttons, parting the fabric.

Bravado aside, she could feel her breath hitching in her throat. They had taken tumbles before, and he had seen and felt her breasts, but no man had seen them since. He was the first and the only and now he was practically a stranger. Something about the thought of him seeing her again like this, in broad brazen daylight, was enough to arouse her to the point of trembling.

He expertly tugged loose the fastening ribbon at the neck of her chemise.

And in no time at all he had roughly parted all concealing fabric, exposing her breasts to the chilling air.

She shivered and tried to keep her eyes trained on him while he took the view hungrily in.

“Good God, Katherine,” he said, as if the words were snatched from him involuntarily. Then he flushed an ever-so-slight degree.

So, he wasn’t only playing with her. He wanted her too.

That knowledge was warming and so frustrating. Then why weren’t they together? Why were they at war? Why didn’t he just come over here and take her now…?

She squashed the fantasies and watched anxiously as he went to his camera.

He took two pictures of her in this state: One with his professional camera, sure to capture her stained skirt and all the paleness of her naked breasts and hard nipples.

And then one with his vest pocket camera, sure to capture the essence of her being naked. Somehow the idea of him keeping such a small photo that couldn’t serve as blackmail or anything other than a small reminder was affecting. And not exactly unpleasantly.

When he was finished he didn’t make a move to release her. But he didn’t make a move to taunt her more. He only stared at her.

She straightened, trying to look composed even with his eyes on her nakedness. “Now will you let me go?” She tried to hiss the words, but they came out as more of a subdued whisper.

“I will. If that’s what you want.”

Katherine, if she had more presence of mind, would have remarked that she didn’t want any of this. But now she wondered whether that was exactly true.

“I can have a servant send up clothes. They’ve done it for other ladies since.” He didn’t say since you. “They are discreet.” She didn’t like to think of them smuggling in fresh clothes for his conquests. “You can be ready in an ill-fitting but clean dress and out of the door. And out of my life. Or…” He pulled close his second office chair and sank into it across from her, eyes blazing and more earnest than she could remember them being for a very long time.

“I could tell you that I like seeing you like this, helpless and subdued and humiliated, and still defiant, and sitting in your wet skirts. And I could tell you that seeing you come undone, and seeing you wet—” He visibly tried to recollect himself. “Is the single most arousing thing I’ve ever been lucky enough to see.”

She was speechless.

Her heart was hammering in her throat.

Of course, he’d barred her from the bathroom before, but always, she thought, out of teasing. And when she’d always made it in time, she’d chalked his disappointment up to playfulness.

In some perverse way, she enjoyed his enjoyment. She missed this strange exchange, him making her beg for what she wanted, and her caving to his desire to see her subdued, but always holding onto a thread of bratty defiance.

“I’m already hard again,” he said suddenly. “Do you want to see?”

This felt like the point of no return. To admit that she wanted this… She was highly aware of her humiliation just then, of how wrong this all was, and how arousing it was that he was aroused by it.

She imagined him lifting her wet skirts and fucking her hard.

He’d know that he’d won, he’d know that she missed him, and he’d know that some small undeniable part of her was thrilled by all this.

She could see the outline of him in his trousers.

“Yes,” she blurted. “I want it. I want to see you.” He looked so goddamn pleased, but this time his thrill felt less revolting.

He undid his trousers and let it come free.

Jaunting, straining, erect, perfect.

“Christ,” she realized a moment too late she’d said it audibly.

His eyes bored into hers, asking unspoken questions.

“Are you asking to bed me?” she asked, just to be sure she wasn’t imagining all of it. “Like… this?”

“I’ve never wanted anything more.”

Her throat went morbidly dry. “You’d have to untie my hands,” she whispered.

He grinned. And rather than step behind her to unfasten the ropes, he caught her by surprise. He straddled her in the chair, pressing his erection against her stomach causing her heart to spike. He arched low to kiss her neck, reaching behind her to unfasten the ropes. Her heart was out of control, him straddling her damp dress and pressing thick and lustily into her.

Her hands free, she surprised herself by roving his skin with them. She sank her nails into his ribs, causing him to grunt softly in pleasure.

Hearing the rustle of her skirts as he ground against her thrilled and frightened her.

“Let me stand,” she said quietly.

He pulled away and watched wordlessly while she stood, still shaking. But with a boldness that startled herself, she tugged her dress further down her waist, down her legs, and let it pool around her ankles. She stepped tremblingly out of it— and became aware afresh of how her bloomers were sheer and clinging to her.

One glance in the study mirror revealed that the fabric clung to her pussy so that the outline of her vulva was visible. He could see her shriveling with humiliation and tugged her into his arms before she could wilt further. “It is stunning. You are stunning.”

“I…” she stammered, but her anxieties were broken off with a kiss. A deep kiss.

He ran his fingers along the hem of her bloomers and then extracted them hungrily. Free of her damp underthings, she suddenly couldn’t breathe.

She’d been naked in front of him before, but never with his erection straining close and unchecked like that, throbbing and growing visibly, never with him hovering ready to penetrate her.

Was he really aroused by seeing her like this? She was trembling, tears drying on her face, with damp clothes, evidence of her naughtiness and embarrassment, strewn all around her.

In the mirror, she could make out the muscles of his back, his sculpted ass, and was afflicted with visions of him thrusting into her, and with not another thought she seized him and pulled him close.

He lifted her into his arms and her legs tangled around him naturally, intuitively.

He carried her thus to the bedroom. Her face heated to think of the puddle still under the bed as he laid her on it. “Don’t hide from me,” he chuckled, sensing her withdrawal, and he slid a hand down her thigh, forcing her legs to pry apart. She was hyper-conscious of how damp she was, but he seemed to revel in it, head hovering low to take in the smell. She nearly withdrew again, but a firm hand on her inner thigh prevented her. He let his other hand foray delicately over her pussy.

She realized then just how wet she was, stiffening as he let his thumb rove softly over her clit and then dip over her entry.

“Charles!” she gasped. He’d only touched her briefly and gently before, in stolen erotic moments.

“Did you enjoy it, Kathy? Watching me?”

She bit her lip.

“Answer me,” he prodded, the hand on her thigh reaching up and tweaking her breast, causing her to lurch. “Yes. Yes, I enjoyed watching you. I enjoyed every second.”

She could feel his pleasure. He sank into her, kissing her mouth and face and letting his hand rove in hot, heavy strokes over her most intimate places. The bed groaned beneath them and she nearly cried again for relief and pleasure.

“I’ve dreamed of you every night,” he whispered, nuzzling her neck, and then arching down to nuzzle her breasts, making her gasp. “Of this. I heard rumors you were seeing men at the paper and I…” she felt his muscles twitch. “Couldn’t stand the thought of any of them seeing you like this, claiming you first like this, making you theirs.”

He tenderly bit her neck and she groaned in response. “And if we’re being perfectly honest, I dreamed of you desperate and squirming like this. And I couldn’t stand the thought of you embarrassed for anybody else.”

He’d never fully exposed this primal side of him but it delighted her.

His finger stroked her entry again— and began to dip in.

“Oh Charles,” she jumped. And he laughed.

“You are tight. But you’re certainly wet enough. Are you sure you want this, Kat?” This time it was her nipple that he bit, oh-so-softly, but it was a sensation she’d never imagined in her life.

He was frightening her. And she was reveling in being frightened.

She’d never dreamed these emotions and sensations could culminate in the most intense, erotic experience of her existence. Or culminate in such a sure sense of knowing.

She was ready for him. All that prim and proper time they’d spent together so afraid of what people would think of them, so taken with appearances, so buttoned-up, it all felt so menial here, now, naked with him. Every taboo felt faraway and small.

“You’re still innocent, aren’t you?” he asked, hungrily dipping his finger inside her again, making her writhe.

“I am,” she flushed, but she couldn’t say from what emotion.

“I always knew I was going to be your first. I was going to make you mine. I was waiting to marry you. But you can’t wait anymore, can you?” He kissed her neck again. “You were always impatient. I should have taken you sooner. And I should have never let you go.”

His finger probed deeper. “Charles!”

“What do you think, Kathy? Is it time?” He let his finger glide, tantalizing over her most sensitive nub.

Anxiety sparked through every inch of her and tingled pleasurably between her legs. If she hadn’t entirely unloaded her piss she’d be in fear of wetting again.

She breathlessly nodded.

And he mounted her instantly, sending her heart to her throat.

He shifted until his shaft was poised at her entry, pausing only to grasp each of her full round breasts. Then he let his tip press into her slick entrance.

And then suddenly there was a hot throb of pain.

“Oh, God!”

She looked down to see he was barely inside her. The piercing pain came only from the tip of his shaft.

“You’re okay,” he assured. “You need to relax for me.”

His experience angered her more than she expected and it disarmed her. In her unguarded moment, she took him deeper into her body.

“Agh! Oh my God! Charles?”

“If you want me to stop, I’ll stop.” His voice dropped, lightening the mood. “Mother will hear you,” he laughed lightly. “Although she’ll probably be thrilled.” He adjusted himself against her.

“I want to… but it hurts…”

“You’re tensing,” he whispered, collapsing onto her, and kissing her chest, her breasts. “I need you to relax, darling. You’re safe. You’re safe to be afraid and you’re safe to be ashamed and there’s nothing wrong with feeling either.”

And strangely, she did relax then. And felt herself naturally receive him deeper.

“Is this okay?” He whispered, arching forward ever so slightly, throbbing against her tightness.

She nodded. And then she cried out as he pierced forward. She looked down to see she was lanced on his shaft, and amid the cloud of pain, there was a surprising, hot, wet fullness. And then he thrust again hard— and she released a cry of agony that she was sure the whole house must have heard. He was inside of her.

“I’m sorry,” she gasped past the cloying pain and the perverse thrill.

“Don’t apologize.” He let his fingers foray into her hair. “You’re safe. And… you’re mine.” He adjusted and she felt him straining inside her. His expression looked as though he ached.

In her reluctant acceptance, she spread her legs wider to take him deeper and groaned at his fullness. The hard iron poker she’d been watching him handle was now inside of her, and she imagined his precum pooling inside…

She allowed him to thrust harder and deeper into her trembling internal heat and savored the warmth of his hands on her breast. He was angled just right, enough that as he thrust she felt pleasure spike all through her.

She sank her nails into his back and he gasped.

His. She could get used to being his. She could stand the thought of wetting for him again and again. Would there be more desperate garden parties? More desperate evenings in this bedroom? More wetting her skirts, mortified, while he watched with that hungry look on his face…

She released another cry as he thrust deep, hitting just right to cause an incredible all- consuming spark. He groaned and the knowledge that he was as enthralled as she was intoxicating.

She buried a fist in his hair and coaxed him in deeper.

And then suddenly he seemed to withdraw, as though he were fighting… something. She remembered his last desperate bucks while handling himself in bed and recognized a similar strained look on his face.

“Coming so soon?” she teased, because she couldn’t help it, and in retaliation he reached up to tweak her nipple again, making her moan.

He struggled to regain a measure of control over his breathing like it might help in overcoming his struggle.

But this even-brief turn of the tables was too much to resist.

“Always so controlled Charles,” she raggedly teased.

“Stop it. I will cream you.”

Oh, holy God.

“Will you?” She gripped his hair again and let her nails trail up his back.

He shivered. “I’m not lying, Katherine. If you knew… how tight… my balls are.”

He was balls-deep in her by now, the sort of thing she’d only dreamed of. The pulsing was driving her to her own brink, but she was determined not to show it. Not when seeing him, unraveling for her like this, was so thrilling.

“Does your mother know what a rake you are?” She laughed. “Do all the women who work for the paper? I’m sure they all think you’re the perfect gentleman.”

In a rush of boldness, she bit his shoulder. He grunted in ache. “Am I the only one who knows?” She prodded.

He gripped one of her wrists to keep her from further clawing up his back. Although the fullness of him still ached inside of her, there was also welling pleasure.

And part of it came from seeing him like this, jaw set, determined not to come so soon inside her, so eagerly and so boyishly.

“You were always a brat,” he grunted, through gritted teeth.

“And you always loved it.” She arched upwards, pressing her breasts against him, taking him deeper, and he grunted again.

This time he seized both of her wrists. “Stop it. Unless you want me to tie you to my bedpost and keep you there until you mess your skirts again.”

“Maybe I do want that.”

And that was too much for him to handle.

“Damn it, Katherine.”

He lowered his head in defeat and began dissolving into the moment, caving to the mounting pleasure with every thrust.

She savored the hard, searing thrusts into her virginal core, savored how thoughts of her humiliation seemed to undo him.

He picked up kinetic thrust, raggedly clawing for the finish.

She writhed beneath him, moaning as he made her his.

She could feel him pulsing inside her, feel him pulsing towards his climax…

And something she hadn’t entirely expected happened as he razed her. Her own pleasure bubbled to the brink of bursting.

He released a taut gasp and she realized his moment had come only a second before it happened.

He extracted from her, thrust against her, his balls thrusting into her— and came spurting white and hot cream onto her lower belly.

His pleasure, his last throes of friction, and the helpless guttural sounds he made while coming were enough to make her bubbling pleasure burst.

She savored the last quivers of his tight balls against her and came hard, the first climax she’d ever shared with a man, the first in his presence, and she hoped the first of many.

The shivering ecstasy shot through her core and her clit and her tits and sent the world tilting.

When she could breathe again, he was smiling at her.

An overwhelming warmth replaced the electric shock.

She was his now. His to humiliate and his to hold and his to do whatever he liked with. She waited for the practicalities to come flooding back. The paper, the competition, the anger, the realities. But they never did. Only an awareness of rightness.

They lay like that for a long time and she knew that now the scent of lilacs drifting through the window would always remind her of this.

Finally, a small glimmer of panic began to hit her. What if this was all he wanted? What if this rightness was only felt on her end?

“What now?” She asked quietly.

His smirk gave no answers, or at least none that she wanted. “Now we’ll get you cleaned up and you’ll take the long shameful walk to one of my carriages.”

Her face heated again instantly to think of being paraded past the household staff. But there was a gentleness in his voice. “I’m going to get clean clothes for you at least. And after you’ve had a night to rest and recover we’ll talk about… everything.”

She wanted to ask what he meant by everything but he was already up and pulling on trousers and going to call for a servant.

A lady servant arrived with clean white underthings and a fresh dress and Katherine couldn’t meet the girl’s eyes as she delivered them. She hated to think she was just another girl having clothes delivered after a long afternoon of wild lovemaking.

“What about my other dress?” she asked Charles.

“I’ll have it laundered and starched and ready for your next visit.”

Next visit. Her heart fluttered but she tried to keep the hope out of her expression. She hoped he’d make good on his promise to tie her to a bedpost…

He walked her down the stairs, through the servant’s quarters, mostly empty with staff out cleaning after the party, and walked her out of the back door to a waiting horse and buggy.

A thought struck her. “Charles,” she stopped some distance from the carriage. “What happened today. When I…”

“Pissed your skirts in front of me?”

She winced. “Yes. That. Is that something you’ve experienced with other girls?”

“No,” he grinned. “That was just between us.”

She didn’t know why that made her hide a smile.

He waved to the horse driver to pull closer. “You tell Evan Withering that if he doesn’t want these salacious letters published in my gossip column, he’ll fuck off.” His voice lowered. “It’s too bad you sold out to the bastard. I could use a fearless writer like you on my team.”

The buggy came to a halt beside them and he turned to face her. “There’s a position for you at our sister paper if you ever want it. They’re in need of a feature writer. Consider it.”

She could hardly believe what she was hearing. “You’ve never taken my work seriously before.”

“Well. Now I know what great lengths you’ll go to for a story.”

She glared and he laughed. “I’ve always believed in you, Katherine. You were a threat to me, you have to know that.”

She graciously made no further comment on that admission. “What will you do with those pictures of me?”

“Keep them,” he said, with astonishing warmth. “And I’d like to take more.”

She stood silently for a moment, unsure how to process this much excitement and anticipation all in one afternoon. Unable to process how the world could change in a single day.

He helped her into the buggy and then stepped away to let it leave. But before it could Katherine leaned out the window. “I can come back tomorrow. And we can talk about… all of those things.”

He nodded. With not another word he waved for the carriage to leave, but not before smiling darkly at her.
