A Three-Way Holding Contest
	(Female Desperation)
Author: The Jester (2011-04-02)

Jessica was one of the most amazing girls I ever dated. She was short, petite, blond hair, slim build, cute as hell and with a very sweet personality. Since the minute I met her I knew it was true love. However, she let me in on a little secret that further endeared her to me.

One night Jessica hung out with her friend, Charlene. It was a night of female bonding. Anyway, the next day, she came over to see me and told me how it went it was the best thing I ever heard. She told me that Charlene, who, needless to say, had an absolutely perfect build and gorgeous face and the cutest blonde hair I've ever seen, had a fetish that totaly went along with her perfect features.

Okay, well, her fetish was that Charlene liked to get desperate and wet her pants. She even displayedit in front of Jessica. So far so good, huh. Well, Jessica was a little taken aback at first but then Charlene dared her to do it. after a little bit of arm twisting, Jessica agreed. Sheepishly, she started telling me how she soaked herself and how much she actually enjoyed it. then she said 'I hope you don't think I'm gross or something.'. I was like 'Gross? No way baby, I think that's soooo sexy, I wish I could've been there!'. She responded with 'oh that's great! I plan to do it more often, I mean, I realized I like the feeling of it and it makes me feel hot.'. I said 'Hey, you can pee your pants for me anytime.'. She said 'Oh really, can I do it now?'. I answered 'Please do.'.

Next, Jessica went into my refrigerator and took out a bottle of water then proceeded to drink it down. After a few minutes, she announced that her bladder was getting full. I begged her to just let it go. As she was getting more desperate, she started heading to the bathroom and I was like 'Please no, don't do that!.'. She responded with 'oh no, don't worry about that.'. When we got in there, she pulled her shoes and socks off, then stepped inside my shower. No more than a couple of minutes later, she spread her legs out slightly, took a deep breath, then a huge stream of pee spreaded down her jeans like crazy. When she was finished, she looked down at her artwork and exclaimed 'wow, I'm totally soaked!'.

When I went to check, her jeans were definitely drenched. I couldn't imagine how someone could pee that much. I also couldn't have been more turned on. Then Jessica said, teasingly, 'so, what are you gonna do to me now?'. then 'did I satisfy you?'. 'Hell yeah!'. was my answer. I pulled her out of the shower, lead her by the hand to my bedroom. Then I got her on my bed where I played with her wet vagina for a good 5 minutes. After many gasps and exclamations, she innocently let on that she wanted more. So I pulled her wet jeans off, followed by her soaked panties, undressed myself and we had one wild sexual experience.

That Friday night, Charlene threw a party and invited me and Jessica. There was no way I could turn this down, seeing Jessica and charlene both wetting themselves after some heavy drinking. While we were there, I also met Charlene's friend Cindy, another raving hottie. I made a suggestion to Charlene that they have a hold-it contest and she, Jessica and Cindy readily agreed. while we tried to decide what the terms of the contest were, Charlene announced that the winner got to have sex with me while the other two had to go to the nearest liquor store in their wet jeans and buy more booze. That put a huge beam on my face and, surprisingly, even Jessica agreed to it. Of course, I wanted her to win so I can demonstrate my loyalty to her but of course, I also wanted gorgeous Charlene to win.

Anyway, after the three girls consumed bottles of vodka, wine and gin, even some beer, it was noticeable that they were having an increasing urge to pee. Charlene stated that if either Jessica or Cindy decline to hold it and just let go they'll be disqualified. So the three girls just gave itall they got. Sometimes they tried to tickle each other or do other things to cause the other to lose control. I then announced that cheating won't be tolerated either. All three of them just had to hold on until they no longer could. They also needed to drink a little more and see how far they can go. they all agreed and not even reluctantly, this made my night more fun.

After about an hour, I noticed that Cindy was getting a little teary-eyed and was having trouble drinking or even holding her glass. It was obvious that she didn't have much experience in panty peeing. Jessica even looked like she was ready to lose it, well, she was a newcomer. Charlene seemed to be enjoying every minute of it. She also had an expression of confidence on her beautiful face, and of course, she had every reason for that. At this point, i was even on the verge of bursting, I didn't know how much longer I could take the suspense.

About another hour passed after this. The girls just kept drinking and were holding their pee like mad. Then suddenly, Cindy started to look down and a drop of pee escaped her. It wasn't long before it all came out and her faded light jeans were darkened by a huge wet patch. Cindy just pissed a beauty in her jeans. This cancelled her out and it was now up to Jessica and Charlene. Charlene gave her a little smile and said 'hope you have fun at the liquor store.'. Cindy just looked at her like 'yeah, well, you may be joining me so shutup.'.

We spent the next half hour or so with Jessica and Charlene trying desperately to hold on and outdo each other and naturally, I just remained neutral. Finally, Jessica gave out and her minty green pants started to produce some wet spots before a huge gush of pee came out and her pants were flooded. Now we had two absolute cuties in wet pants. Well, Jessica and Cindy started to compare their wet panties while we waited on Charlene to get all wet. She was standing there gloating that she had won but decided to hold on until the very end. It didn't last much longer, after another fifteen minutes Charlene decided she couldn't hold on any longer and readily pissed her white slacks and pretty nicely I might add.

Right now, all three hotties were standing there with there pants all wet. To speak for myself, they couldn't have looked cuter. Well, I went to get some paper towels and a mop to clean the huge puddles on the floor while Jessica and Cindy decided to head down to the liquor store. After they left and I was finished cleaning up the pee from the floor, Charlene came up to me and said 'Ok baby, your time has come!'. She then went and grabbed my dick, making it harder than ever. Then she pulled her pants down to show me her soaked panties. Before she went any further, I offered to pull them completely off and she agreed. 

As we went into her bedroom, she was intriguing me with sexy language and let on how getting wet makes her horny. I was so overwhelmed with ecstacy I wasn't sure I'd function. However, once we got inside her bed and we got her wet panties off I started to relax. Then within a minute she was right on top of me and going completely wild and I don't know how I kept up with her. Needless to say, that was the best sex I had in a long time. I would've like to go on with her all night buit then Jessica and Cindy finally got back with more liquor. When I asked them how it went, if there was any embarrassment involved, they happily stated that a couple of cute guys hit on them and it was well worth it.
