HOW IT ALL BEGAN

Author: William Abbott

In which I share my thoughts with you

There’s something that really puzzles me about stories I’ve read in books or in female desperation forums online. I’ve seen a lot of people sharing their stories of “how it all began,” and it seems it’s always a story about some significant event— something they saw or something they did. In Nancy Friday’s book Men In Love, a guy says it began for him at a county fair when a girl next to him peed in her jeans waiting in line for the bathroom...and it’s as if he’d never thought of it before. A young woman posting at The

Experience Project says for her it began at a sleepover with a friend in high school when she drank too much Sprite and nearly wet herself looking for the bathroom the next morning.

This baffles me. There was never a “how it all began” for me, or if there was, it was way back in the primordial Ur-time of embryonic development, when neurons are being spun like cotton candy in the developing brain. I’ve always been aroused by female desperation.

My earliest memory of finding it a turn-on is from when I was in kindergarten, and all that happened was the teacher said it was time for a bathroom trip and asked who had to go, and this blond girl named Susan who I thought was cute raised her hand. That’s it. Everything about my sexuality that’s kinky and unusual was already there at five years old. And much later, as a horny teenager coming to sexual maturity, there was never any dramatic pee incident. I would just lie awake at night with a throbbing erection imagining the cheerleaders at school squirming or wetting themselves or squatting to pee, until finally one of the fantasies pushed me over the edge and I had my first orgasm.

I racked my brains for decades trying to find some explanation for my kink, but I’ve never come up with one. My toilet training was uneventful, my parents gentle and understanding with accidents. I don’t have any trauma history. I’m quite sure of that. I had to have been born this way.

There was only one of my girlfriends who was uneasy with my kink. She was perfectly happy to pee in front of me, and took a certain mischievous delight in making out with me with a really full bladder...but she was really aware of how much sexual imagery, both in porn and in mainstream culture, is degrading to women, and a woman wetting her pants can be a very degrading image. She trusted me personally enough to set aside her unease, but it was always there in the background.

And I’ve got to tell you, I had some serious mixed feelings about my own sexuality for a long time. Someone having an accident brings up a whole uncomfortable mix of feelings. At one and the same time there’s a lot of sympathy—I hate seeing somebody too embarrassed or humiliated —but if it’s an attractive woman, there’s also this rush of intense, throbbing arousal. It’s downright crazy-making sometimes.

There was only one time that I actually saw a real accident, and it was only a couple of years ago. I was walking down the sidewalk and just in front of me a woman came out of an office building and turned to walk in the same direction, just ahead of me. She was cute, perhaps mid-twenties, shoulder-length blond hair with a backpack over one shoulder and wearing jeans...and the jeans were soaked all down the inner thighs and calves. She had obviously just pissed herself minutes before. I never saw her face, so I never got a reading on how upset she was, but it seemed that her only choice under the circumstances was to brazen it out and walk down the street (Back to her apartment? Or to her car?) pretending as best she could that nothing was amiss.

Not much of a sighting, compared to some I’ve read about, but Ill always remember it.

