Chantal's exhaustion

Author: J.E. Hart

Chantal wrapped strips of tape around the top and sides of yet another enormous, heavy box.

“Moving is so much work!” she lamented, straightening up and wiping her brow after securing the last box in the living room. “I can’t believe how much time it takes.”

It was midnight and Chantal had been packing things up since she got home from work that afternoon. Two cups of coffee and a bowl of canned soup later and she’d finally finished the arduous task. Now she had to rent a moving truck, pack all the boxes in that, and unload them at her new house.

“That oughta be fun. I should get some friends to help me with it — make a day out of it.”

She put her hands on her hips and looked around the room. She was ready to collapse from exhaustion, but first she had to wash dishes and take a shower. She had to leave for work early tomorrow to prepare for a big presentation and, though she was late in going to bed, if she left anything for the next day, it wouldn’t get done until she got home much later.

Chantal sighed and pushed her hair behind her ear. She made her ay into the kitchen, which was empty and echoey now that almost everything she owned was gone from it. She’d purposefully left out a few dishes that she could use for the next week while she went back and forth from her old apartment to her new place, and if she wanted to eat tomorrow morning, she needed them clean and dry or it was back to paper plates and plastic forks, which she hated.

She turned the water on and it blasted out of the tap. As it sprayed warm water onto her hands, she shifted her legs back and forth, rubbing her thighs together. All that coffee was starting to reach her bladder. She hadn’t peed since right before she left the office, but until now, she’d been too busy to notice.

“I’ll go after I’m done with the dishes,” she promised herself. “I’ll be in the bathroom anyway when I get ready for bed.”

She quickly scrubbed her handful of dishes clean and placed them on a rack to dry. It was later than she hoped, so once she made sure the kitchen was clean, she turned off the late and left it for the night.

Chantal was about to head into the bathroom to get ready for bed when her phone buzzed.

“Who would call at midnight?” She furrowed her brow and pulled her phone out of her jeans pocket. “My mom, of course.” She answered the phone quickly. “Hi, mom! Why are you calling so late?”

“I wanted to make sure you got all your packing done,” her mom replied. “I had a feeling you’d be up. Do you need your dad and me to come down for a couple of days and help? We’d be glad to — we can get the time off.”

Chantal smiled. “No, mom, it’s okay. I’ve got it all under control.” She subconsciously squeezed her legs together before taking to pacing around the near-empty apartment.

Coffee had a way of filling her bladder faster than any other beverage.

“I'll let you go now, but just remember that we can always help you out. Moving isn’t easy, especially when you’ve lived in the same place for years and have accumulated so much stuff.”

“Well, all that stuff is packed in boxes now.” Chantal sat down on the couch, which would stay in place until moving day. “And it actually wasn’t that much. You’d be surprised.”

She exchanged goodbyes with her mother and hung up the phone before curling up on the couch. She closed her eyes for just a minute, letting her exhaustion wash over her now that she was finally done for the day.

She woke up to light streaming in through the windows and had to shield her face. “What time is it?” She shot up from the couch and patted around it in search of her phone.

She found it on the floor where it must have fallen some time during the night. “8:30? Гт going to be late!”

She ran into the kitchen to brew a cup of coffee and while she waited for that, she sped across the small apartment into her bedroom to change clothes. She didn’t have time to ensure she hit every part of her morning routine, but after brushing her teeth and grabbing some leftovers out of the fridge to wolf down, she was running out of time.

“It’s fine,” he told herself, grabbing her coat and bag. “Right now I just need to get to work. I can worry about what I forgot later.”

She jumped in her car, started it up, and left the parking lot with more speed than usual. The minute she relaxed a little and settled into driving, it hit her: “I forgot to pee.” She squirmed in her seat.

Her bladder was filled with yesterday’s contents along with the coffee from this morning, and she could feel it.

“I can’t believe I forgot to use the bathroom!” she chided herself.

If she weren’t in such a hurry, she would stop somewhere and use a public restroom. The pressure was more than she was comfortable with, especially once she mentally calculated just how many hours she’d been holding.

Chantal rubbed a hand over her abdomen and was surprised by how much piss she had in her. Her panicky start to the morning was enough to make her forget about it for a little while, but now that she was aware, she couldn’t possibly forget about her desperation again.

“I’ve gotta get to work,” she said quietly, “and then I’ll use the bathroom. Plenty of people come to work and immediately go into the bathrooms. Courtney did that yesterday. No one will care if I do it today.”

A few minutes later, she reached a stoplight. She sighed as she waited for it to turn green, squeezing the steering wheel with both her hands. A wave of desperation washed over her and she sucked in her breath, hoping it passed before she had to focus her mind back on driving.

The light turned and Chantal was forced to divert her attention back to the road, ignoring her bladder’s pleas for relief.

“This is not good,” she told herself, shaking her head. “I hope no one stops me when I get to the office. I’m already going to be a little late and it won’t look good if I walk in with wet pants.”

She was beginning to regret her choice of clothing for the day: her gray slacks flattered her curves, but any drop of wetness on them would turn them numerous shades darker and be obvious to anyone who so much as glanced at her in passing.

Chantal pulled into her workplace’s parking lot five minutes behind schedule and took the first parking place available. She grabbed her bag from the front passenger seat, pushed her car door open, and hopped out, instantly regretting the speed in which she stood up.

The liquid in her bladder rushed down, putting unbearable pressure against her urethra.

“I’m going to pee!” she squealed, running in place as she fumbled with her car key in an attempt to lock her car.

When she finally was able to head into the building, she had trouble keeping up a steady pace. She wanted so badly to lean over and grab herself to help hold back her pee, but there was another person walking right behind her, so she had no choice but to act casual and pretend she was just fine, when in reality she was seconds away from losing a spurt of hot piss in her panties.

Feet away from the entrance to the bathrooms, Chantal spotted her boss looking around the office anxiously. His eyes locked with hers and he beckoned toward her.

“Dammit," she said under her breath.

Her nearly overflowing bladder made her pee hole tingle. She was so close to relief and she eyed the toilets sign as she walked past it, wincing as a toilet flushed inside the bathroom.

That could be me right now, she thought. Гт going to have to piss somewhere anyway. I really don't want it to be in my pants instead of the toilet that I'm so close to.

For half a second, she considered running back and having a quick piss before joining her superior, Rick. She looked up and saw Rick waiting for her in the middle of the room and took a deep breath, steeling her muscles for the next surge of desperation that washed over her.

She wanted more than anything to stop, cross her legs, and wait till the urgency passed, but she forced herself to keep walking like she wasn’t in agony.

“Chantal, I’m so glad you’re here,” Rick told her once she was in earshot. “A client of yours called the moment the office opened and refuses to get off the phone until she speaks with you.”

“Great.” Chantal rolled her eyes. “It’s not Michaela Humphrey, is it?”

“I’m afraid so.”

“She’s been nothing but a nuisance since she began working with us.”

“Well, don’t tell her that. She’s liable to leave and we can’t lose someone like her.”

“I won’t. She would eat me alive if I said even a word to her that she didn’t deem polite enough.”

Rick chuckled, accompanying Chantal to her desk. “I’m sorry you have to deal with her. If you want, I’ll meet with her instead next time she comes in and we’ll have a little chat about what this office can and can’t do for her.”

“Thanks, that be great.”

“For now, though, you’ll have to deal with her.”

Rick left Chantal alone at her desk to pick up the phone. She sat down in her chair gingerly, hoping not to squish her abdomen too much. Sitting was painful and before she could cross her legs or press her finger against her pee hole, a dribble made its way out.

Her underwear were almost certainly damp at this point and there was nothing she could do about it. She felt like crying, but instead, she picked up the phone and greeted the woman on the other end with the most professional, courteous voice she could muster in her state.

Their conversation lasted almost 20 minutes with Chantal being forced to repeat the same things to her client several times over before Mrs. Humphrey eventually gave up and conceded that Chantal was probably right.

“All right. Thank you, Mrs. Humphrey. Yes, of course. Goodbye.”

Chantal hung the phone up and sneezed her eyes shut, shoving her hand into her crotch. She had no idea how she’d made it 20 minutes without another leak or a full-blown wetting, but she was truly at her limit now.

She couldn’t stand up. There was simply no way she’d last more than a second with her bladder as bursting as it was. Her only option was to find a way to discreetly pee at her desk without getting her pants too wet.

She was lucky to have a cubicle in the back corner of the room, which gave her more privacy than some of the other desks. The only problem was, even if no one saw or heard her for as long as it took her to empty her bladder, she didn’t have anything to pee in.

She bit her lip and jiggled one leg, still clutching her pants with one hand as if her life depended on it. In a way, it did. She would never live down an accident at work as a grown professional woman.

Chantal scrutinized her desk for something, anything, that would hold the amount of liquid she was carrying around inside her. Then she spotted it:

“My old thermos! That will do,” she muttered, grabbing the thermos that was semi-hidden behind her desktop.

It didn’t insulate properly anymore, so when she bought a new one she left her old one at work in case she ever wanted to use it for a cup of coffee or tea. Right now, the last thing she needed was more liquid, but it would work well enough as a receptacle to empty her aching bladder into.

She grabbed it, unscrewed the lid, and examined it for a second as she swung her legs back and forth in a last-ditch attempt to hold the incoming flood back. It held 16 oz of liquid and while Chantal had no idea how much volume she would pee, it looked like enough to at least make her comfortable enough to finish in the bathroom if she wasn’t able to empty fully.

She looked around her to make sure no one was near and when the coast was clear, she slid to the edge of her chair, undid her pants, which were pressing tightly into her bulging bladder, and lifted her pelvis to slide them off.

A spurt of pee escaped and she watched it arc in the air and land on the floor. She let out a little gasp and pressed the thermos against her lips, squeezing her muscles just long enough to ensure it was in place, before letting go.

Instantly, a strong jet of piss hit the bottom of the container. It was louder than Chantal thought it would be, but she couldn’t stop herself now. Pee flowed out of her like never before.

She took short, quick breaths as her desperation faded. The thermos grew fuller and heavier, and before she knew it, she’d almost reached the top. She squeezed her muscles again, hoping to cut off the flow quickly now that she’d been peeing for so long, but it proved harder than she expected.

Because she was holding the thermos at and angle against her pussy, a few drops of pee sloshed out before she was able to stem the flow. Her plan didn’t work as cleanly as she’d hoped, but she didn’t have to pee so badly now, which was all she could think about in her post-piss haze.

She screwed the lid back onto the thermos and sighed contentedly, pulling her pants back up and inspecting them for damage.

She was lucky — there was only a tiny wet patch that, as long as she kept her legs closed, would be unnoticeable until it had a chance to dry.

“I guess I should go finish off in the bathroom,” she told herself, standing up after a few minutes.

She still had to pee a little and now that her bladder was weakened for the day, she decided it wouldn’t be a bad idea to give it a chance to be completely empty for a little bit before she would inevitably have to run back to the bathroom to avoid another near-accident.

She stood up, taking her thermos with her so she could empty it out and wash it clean.

“Oh, Chantal, are you getting coffee?” Jessie, her coworker, asked as Chantal appeared from behind her desk.

“Um, in a minute,” she lied.

“I can get it for you if you want. I was just on my way to the break room to make some tea for myself.”

“That’s okay,” Chantal said quickly. “I have to clean my thermos anyway - I have’t used it in a little while and there’s probably dust in it or something.”

Jessie nodded. “Oh, okay. Well, Г11 see you in the break room.”

“See you there.”

Jessie left and Chantal let out the breath she’d been holding.

That was close.

With her bladder already tingling in anticipation of relief again, she headed off to the bathroom. Before today, she had no idea what having a full bladder would push her to do, but now she was convinced she could do anything to empty it if it came to that again.

“Next time!” she told herself as she watched her urine fall form the thermos into the toilet, “I won’t let myself fall asleep on a full bladder.” She sat down on the toilet herself and let her pee trickle out, smiling as she enjoyed the feeling. “Or maybe I will. I guess I’ll just have to see.”
