Desperate on the Phone

Author: J.E.Hart

I was just heading to the bathroom for a much-needed piss when Sadie, my best friend, called.

I picked up my phone on the way to the toilet to see who it was and my heart lept. I hadn’t talked to Sadie in ages since she was studying abroad, but now she was back home and on summer break like I was.

I didn’t hesitate to answer the cal.

“Sadie!” I cried through the phone. “I can’t believe it’s really you.”

“Alexis, it’s so good to hear your voice again!” Sadie replied. “How was the end of the semester for you?”

“Good, but busy. The end of my lease is coming up so I ended up having to clean my apartment and pack shit up while studying for finals, so that was really fun. How about you? How was it in Germany?”

“Amazing. I have so much to show you when we meet up again. Speaking of which...”

I felt a pang in my bladder and remembered what I was going to do when Sadie called. I looked down at my feet and saw that I’d subconsciously crossed them while I was talking. This could be an issue.

I loved Sadie, but she talked a lot. It usually worked perfectly since I was an introvert and preferred to listen - she was a great storyteller - but right now was not a good time.

Earlier, when I was going through packing up the rest of the things lying around my place, I chugged some water because I felt like I was getting dehydrated. After that, I found a huge bottle of iced tea in the fridge that was half-full. I poured out the rest of it so I could get rid of the bottle and have one less thing to worry about.

I spent the next few hours cleaning and totally spacing on using the bathroom. It never entered my mind, and I didn’t think I needed to.

But when I stood up a few minutes ago from checking some grades on my laptop, that was when I felt it.

It seemed to be getting worse quickly once I became aware of the nagging feeling and standing in my hallway listening to Sadie talk about her adventures in Germany wasn’t helping.

“Hey, Sadie, that’s awesome, but I’m gonna-”

“Oh, hold on! I almost forgot, but remember my cousin Jake?”

“Yeah, of course I do. He’s the one who stayed at your house that one summer when we were nine and almost got lost in the woods overnight, right?”

Sadie giggled. “That’s the one. Well, anyway, last week he announced that he’s getting married. Exciting, right?”

I couldn’t help but smile. Sadie’s happiness was infectious even through the phone. “That’s pretty great. When’s the wedding?”

“Next May. You’re invited, obviously, but they haven’t gotten invitations out yet.”

I stepped in place and jiggled around, acutely aware of the way my bladder shifted with all the pee in it. Sadie would understand if I called her right back if I could just tell her that, but she had moved on to rattling off everywhere she went while she was away.

I let out a tiny sigh and moved into the living room to sit down on the only piece of furniture I hadn’t shipped back to my parents’ - an ugly old couch that my roommate left behind when she moved out a few months earlier. I was planning on just setting it out on the street corner for free and not even bothering to try taking it with me.

I was careful to sit on top of my heel, which I dug into my pussy to help me feel like I had better control over my bladder. I rocked back and forth while I half-listened to Sadie.

I let my free leg, the one that wasn’t sandwiched between me and the couch, swing out in front of me. The movement seemed to help for a little bit, but after a while, once the pressure grew almost unbearable, it didn’t do much.

In fact, I felt a compelling need to sit almost perfectly still. Every little move I made sent a sharp pain of desperation through my bladder, reminding me how full I was getting. The water and tea had taken their time filling me up, but now they were here full force and I honestly didn’t think I was going to make it through this phone call.

I tried one last time to get off the phone with Sadie:

“Sadie, Г11 call you-”

“Hey, Alex, did you see this news?”

The way she interrupted me this time felt more serious. “What’s up?”

“One of the professors from Central university just got arrested.”

“Wait, really? Where are you seeing that?”

“Someone just sent me a DM. I’m serious. Go get your laptop right now and search it up.”

“Okay. Which professor? What were they arrested for?”

“Embezzlement. It’s Professor Dana McCarthy.”

I gasped. “I had her! She taught my economics class.”

Sadie snorted. “Of course she did.”

I jumped up, forgetting about my bladder, and grabbed my laptop off the box it was resting on top of. I regretted my sharp movement almost immediately when I felt the first trickle of pee fill my panties.

I leaked.

My eyes widened and I put a hand to my sweatpants to feel if it leaked through my panties. It hadn’t, but it was probably close. It felt like a substantial amount for just dribbling out for a couple of seconds.

I threw myself back onto the couch where my heel could protect me from more leaks again and opened up the computer.

Sadie and I continued our conversation about my criminal professor while I bounced up and down and silently panicked about the increasing wetness in my panties.

I pulled my heel away just for a second and right where it had been resting, there was a dark patch on my usually light gray sweatpants.

I was almost constantly leaking at this point, Sure, they were tiny amounts, but with them coming out every few seconds, I was quickly getting wetter and wetter.

I knew I didn’t have a chance to get off the phone with Sadie anymore. We were both in deep conversation and it would have completed halted our discussion if I got off the phone now. Instead, I was determined to just tough it out and keep applying pressure to my pee hole and the urine dripping out.

The only thing that was semi-working anymore besides pressure was bouncing straight up and down on top of my heel. Well, bouncing up and down while doubled over because I couldn’t sit up straight anymore.

Now that I was more involved in the conversation, I had less attention to devote to my need to pee. This caused more and bigger leaks to find their way out. No amount of squirming or pressing and silently pleading to hold it in would help much longer.

Suddenly, I had an idea. The couch I was sitting on was already on its deathbed. What if I gave it one last hurrah before getting rid of it?

In mid-conversation with Sadie, I looked down around me at the ugly old couch I was sitting on just to make sure my plan would work. I didn’t want to lose my security deposit on this apartment because of some stupid accident.

I had to hurry, though. The spurts were coming faster and stronger. It was getting to the point where I was basically slowly pissing myself in little bits at a time.

The couch seemed like it would hold my urine fine. My sweatpants were wet all around the crotch now and they weren’t holding anymore liquid in the position I was sitting. Instead, the little stream fountaining from my pants was hitting the couch and pooling around before soaking in.

It was perfect.

I tried as hard as I could to hold on just a little bit longer, but I was fighting a losing battle. My backup plan of using the ouch as my personal toilet was fast-becoming the only option I had left.

Using the last bit of my strength, I fought back a strong spurt that made its way out onto the couch anyway. I fanned my legs back and forth and with the hand that I had ten minutes until I was supposed to be on stage, dancing fwasn’t holding my phone to my ear, I pushed down my sweatpants, lifting my ass up just enough to be able to get them out of the way.

Pee sprayed past my underwear and flooded the already damp couch cushion and I sighed.

“You okay?” Sadie asked me, breaking off our conversation.

“What? Oh, yeah, I’m great,” I said, my cheeks turning pink. My sigh must have been loud enough for her to hear.

My bladder slowly relaxed as it released its torrent of piss. I took long deep breaths while I listened to Sadie, trying to remind myself not to sound weird over the phone.

I spread my legs as the seemingly neverending stream of pee came out of me. My pee hole throbbed as it was finally able to give up its battle. It let the last little trickle of piss out over a minute after it started.

The cushion was starting to get cold below me, but I didn’t really mind. It wasn’t cold in my apartment. I kept my legs spread apart and leaned back into the couch, letting the feeling of relief sink in.

I didn’t expect my pee desperation to end this way. It was honestly the last thing I would have imagined. But now I was sorry I hadn’t thought of it sooner.

“Well, I should get going now,” Sadie told me.

I smiled to myself. “Okay, I’ll talk to you later.”

If she had hung up a few minutes before, I might have made it to the bathroom. It didn’t matter anymore though.

The couch looked lonely as the last piece of furniture in my apartment, so even though I was planning on hauling it out this afternoon, I decided to wait until tomorrow morning. I told myself it was because I was too tired to do it today and I might need to use it again to sit on, but deep down I knew the real reason.

I was already planning on relieving my morning desperation on it as one final send-off and to open a new chapter in my life - one where I explored my wet side.

