Friday Night Concert (Part 2)

Author: Chris (1996'06) f P#080

In part one of this true story, I had taken Julie to her first rock concert and, she had wet her panties and skirt towards the end of the show. Julie was extremely upset and quite embarrassed at wetting herself in public, and on the way towards our car I tried to console her by relating the first time I had wet my pants in public.

"So, when did you do it?" she asked me.

We had just reached the car. "Get in and I'll tell you while we drive." I answered.

"I think I was 15 and was going to my first concert too. I had arrived early with my girlfriends and since we weren't old enough to buy beer yet, we had a six pack of cokes. We had finished the cokes and left the parking lot party to begin our wait in line. The concert was festival seating, which meant the closer in line we were when the gates finally opened the better chance we had at getting up close to the stage.

Well after about two more hours the gates opened and we raced down the steps to the lawn field towards the stage. Karen and I get right in the front of everyone! We had the best spot in the house. The music was great that day but as evening fell I realized that there was no way that I could ever get through the crowd find the restrooms, pee, then get back to the front where we had staked out our spot. Karen didn't seem to have to go, I didn't ask her, though I did tell her of my need.

"How long can you wait?" she yelled over the music. I thought about telling her I could wait longer, but my bladder was beginning to send me serious distress signals. I had already been dancing more to lessen my need to pee, than because of the music the band was playing. I answered her by crossing my legs tightly together and jamming my hand into my crotch. When she realized just how bad I had to go we went off towards the bathrooms. Karen said she wasn't mad that we would have to stand in the back for the last band, because she too needed to relieve herself.

We finally got to the bathrooms and, as usual, there was a long line which we promptly got in. I had to go so bad, it felt like my whole body was turning to liquid. I must have looked like a total fool, crossing my legs, one hand jammed in my crotch, I was biting my lip and bouncing at the knees in a loosing struggle to maintain control.

I had felt several spurts in my panties as we walked towards the bathrooms, but now they were beginning to happen faster. I felt my jeans dampen around my fingers as they pushed harder into my crotch. Then the little spurts became a slow, steady stream. Within seconds, the steam of urine began to jet out in a torrent. My face turned red and flushed as I felt the warmth in my body move from my crotch to my face. Waves of relief swept over me, and my ass tickled as the hot liquid soaked up my panties in the back. I looked down and saw my pee pouring out my pants leg onto the cement floor beneath me. My own reflection stared back at me from the puddle.

I went was weak at the knees as the warmth from my accident combined with the friction my little pussy was getting from the tight wet denim as my fingers had pushed and squeezed it. I had my first real earth shattering orgasm in that dirty ladies room at the arena while waiting for Karen to finish peeing (she had made it in time).

"So you see Julie, my accident was a lot like yours," I explained.

Julie confided to me that it wasn't really her first accident, but she had several others as an adult. "This is the first accident I have ever had around someone I knew though, and I really was embarrassed, in fact I still am," Julie said.

I looked into her eyes and saw that she was slightly more red in the face than she had been while wetting herself 5 minutes ago. "What is it?" I questioned her. "Did you really come when you peed yourself at that concert?" I told her I did.

Then without saying a word I took her hand in mine and gently placed it at the top of my thigh. I arched my back slightly and raised my butt up off the seat. The car had just pulled up to a red light, I leaned over and gave Julie a deep wet kiss and simultaneously began pissing as hard as I could into my tight jeans. Julie pulled away at the start, but as my tongue parted her lips she kissed me back. Julie moaned loudly as she heard my pee cascading off my pants and splashing into my leather seat. Her hand quickly slid from my thigh to my soaking crotch.

All of a sudden we were brought back to reality by a car honking behind us, the light had turned green! I barely remember the drive home, that night we made love as I had never done so before, my first time with a women, my first time at deliberately wetting my pants in front of a friend. My new life was born. I had tossed aside societies' ideas about sex and decency, but I felt free, as never before. Julie and I kept up our relationship until last year when she moved to London. Though we don't see each other much, our love has not died, we both have just moved on with our lives. We were together for almost 10 years.

I have a fantastic boyfriend now, and we have been seeing each other for about 5 years, Julie loves him too and we have all been intimate together. Keith is a great guy, and has found that he is turned on by the sight of me wetting my pants. At first he was a bit put off, but found that he loved to watch me try and make it through a whole evening out drinking and dancing without using a restroom until we were at our house. Of course many times while playing "hold-it" I don't make it home completely dry! But those are tales for another time.

(Continued soon)

If you like this story, I would love to her your stories real or fantasy. Female pants wetting scenes are rare especialy in public. Lets hear what you've got to share.

Thanks, Chris 
