A MIDSUMMER DAY’S DREAM DATE

Author: William Abbott

Yes, it's another it's another of these. Sometimes the iambic pentameter gets into my head and won't go away until I write it out.

Readers seemed OK with it, though. One woman commented, "Very well written, and a story full of anticipation and tension-a nice build up to the climax. Erotic and very arousing. Also the personalities and relationship between the two are interesting and developed. A scenario I myself would be really happy to experience.”

Well...all the world's a stage, I guess.

A MIDSUMMER DAY’S DREAM DATE

A day they spend together at the beach.

He’s in heaven; she’s so gorgeous and so hot. It’s hard work not to simply stand and stare, just let his eyes roam up and down her body, drinking in the sight of all her skin.

She’s almost naked in a thong bikini, little orange triangles of spandex, the bare essentials covered (only just).

If she were wearing nothing but her hands, her hands would cover more than that bikini.

In the back, the there’s not much more than ribbon.

In front, her boobs are relatively small, and yet her skimpy top is smaller still.

Here’s what he wants: To see her shrug it off, to dangle orange pennants from her fingers and stand bare-chested in the blazing light, breasts glistening with sun screen and with sweat.

But he can’t—it’s not that sort of beach.

Still, as she walks a step or two ahead, the roundness of her honey-tanned behind, naked save that brightly colored band, attracts his eyes and holds all his attention. The sight leaves nothing to imagination.

A lovely day, and she is happy too.

She feels the summer sun baking her skin, the warm sea breezes ruffling her hair, hot sand between her toes—so smooth and white. She loves the ocean’s sensuality, the weightlessness and movement of the waves. Today there is another, cruder joy that she anticipates—she has to pee!

She had to go for most of the drive here.

Her bladder aches. It’s stretched and tight and hard, a bulge within her lower abdomen.

The feeling is uncomfortable although in its own way, it’s also sensual.

It makes her more aware of her sexual parts.

The muscles that she’s longing to relax are the ones that squeeze and shudder during sex.

Here’s what she wants: To wade into the sea.

To feel the ocean’s water, bathtub warm, rise higher and higher up around her legs.

As waves lick at her crotch, first wetting her and then retreating, she can begin to go.

Waist deep, she’ll stand with feet apart and surge, feel her body vibrate with the flow, feel her heat spread out beneath her thong, a gulf stream of her own that warms the sea between her legs as (secretly) she’ll pee.

But she can’t—not for a while at least.

As they are walking down the sandy beach, she in front and he a step behind, she sees a jagged flash of lightning arc across the water out to sea.

The lifeguards raise their megaphones and shout: “Lightening over the water! Everyone out!”

He shrugs, unrolls their towel to lay it out.

She bites her lip and tells him, “Wait a sec.” Kneeling to smooth the corners, he looks up.

His eyes are at the level of her crotch.

With force of will, he turns them further up and looks her in the eyes—so vivid blue.

“Don’t spread out yet. I have to find the loo.”

Here’s what he wants for now: To hold her hand. To take it in his own so casually and walk along like that, just hand-in-hand, maybe their shoulders touching now and then, with him awash in tenderness and lust while she searches for a place to pee.

They walk along, remembering a sign they’d seen on their way in that promised rest. Experimentally he touches her, a finger brushing lightly on her hand, and willingly she takes it, holding him.

Their arms swing free between them as they walk.

Heart in his throat, he tries to make small talk.

Here’s what she wants: To find a ladies’ room.

She sees it as a vision in her mind—dark and cool, a bank of stalls before her. She’ll wear her flip-flops on the gritty floor, pull down her thong inside the cubical, sit down and spread her knees and let it go. Hurry up, she thinks, I have to pee!

A strong, thick stream against the porcelain, her water spraying hard, churning the bowl. She’ll close her eyes and let her face go slack, sighing with relief, her head thrown back.

But she can’t—it turns out there’s a sign:

Out of order. No rest in this room.

Apologies. A plumber’s coming soon.

Here’s what she wants: A bathroom. Either one.

An empty men’s room would be just as good. She could pee into a urinal.

Some of them are flat against the wall but others seem like places she could go, their basins cupped like hands to catch her flow.

But she can’t—there is another sign.

Crossing her legs, she bites her lip and whines.

Here’s what he wants: To put an arm around her, hand on her shoulder, pull her close to him, her nearly-naked body touching his, shoulder touching shoulder, hip to hip, and walk with steps in perfect synchrony, him and his girl who badly needs to pee.

She dances and she hops from foot to foot, obvious in her predicament.

“What will I do?” she says. “This is the worst! And I’m not kidding. I’m about to burst!”

He takes her hand again and reassures.

“There must be other bathrooms. Let’s go look.” He’s feeling chivalrous, a noble knight rescuing a damsel in distress.

His heart expands with tenderness, his cock with lust.

He knows his Speedo doesn’t hide a thing, his penis standing out in stark relief.

He’d rather his arousal didn’t show.

It can’t be helped—not when she has to go!

Here’s what he wants: To take her in his arms and hold her close, his hands touching her skin, their bodies pressed together face to face, her breasts against his chest, his swollen cock against her bladder, hands cupping her bum, thrusting with his hips until he cums.

But he can’t—they’ve only dated twice (or three times if you count today) and though they’ve kissed and cuddled with some heat, their clothes stayed on. He’s never seen her naked.

They are not lovers yet, and it’s too soon to grope her body (all that naked skin) and grind his drooling prick into her crotch, or even to admit his kinky lust and tell her what her desperation does to his libido’s wild electric buzz.

Instead he keeps his cool, acts unconcerned while searching for another ladies’ room.

He doesn’t want to frighten her away.

If she sees him coming in his pants because she’s desperate, then what will she think? Once she can go, his white hot lust will cool. His throbbing hard-on will subside for now, and he can kiss her when appropriate, make out with her tonight when they get home, and when she’s feeling ready, sleep with her. Once she can go, then he can slow his pace and everything will happen as it should.

But now his penis drools, his balls are blue. He hopes they find a bathroom for her soon.

But they can’t—there are no restrooms anywhere. She’s really frantic. Under her breath, she swears.

He wishes that he’d brought his towel with him to wrap around his waist and hide his cock.

She wishes that she’d worn a cover-up over her bikini, just in case she really does lose it and piss herself.

She hasn’t peed outside since she was little and isn’t sure she can as an adult.

She’s pee-shy to a maddening degree, and feeling naked in this skimpy suit.

To pull aside her thong so she can pee, she’d need an awful lot of privacy.

He sees how anxiously she hesitates.

If only there was something he could do to help her out of this predicament!

“Let’s go,” he says again, “We’ll find a place where you can go and nobody will see.”

“We’d better hurry up,” she says, “I’ve got to go! My bladder’s really going to explode!”

They continue searching up and down. She skips and dances, prancing like a mare.

She wishes that it weren’t so obvious, but any passerby can clearly tell.

(Her dance about as subtle as a chorus line!) He also feels he must be obvious, his penis unmistakably erect and barely fitting in his bathing suit. He feels he must look like a charging rhino. She seems unfazed by this, but truth to tell she’s simply too distracted by her plight to notice even such a startling sight.

Here’s what she wants: To duck behind some bushes.

Find a hedge that’s dense with foliage or a stand of trees—a place to hide, a place where she can tip-toe into shadows away from eyes (all possibility of eyes) and squat and quickly pull the thong aside, or pull it down, expose herself, and show her pubic hair, so neatly trimmed, (of course with no one there to see her go) and pee—pee on the ground—pee in the dirt. Make a puddle, watch it grow into a pond, A rushing stream, a mighty flowing river. In her imagining, she hears the sound. A fire hydrant gushing. Let it flow!

Over dirt and underneath her feet,

A heavy rain to saturate the soil, pee seeking its own level, soaking in.

Her head would bow, hair covering her face, the world blocked out—if she could find a place!

But she can’t—they walk the length and breadth. They find some bushes, but they’re in full view, no higher than her knees, and thin as lace.

She grips herself. A hand goes to her crotch (although the gesture is a signed confession) Holding back the tide with the compression.

She says, “I’m dying! Help me! I can’t hold it!” He feels so tenderly protective now, his heart is bursting now with love and lust.

He wishes there were something he could say. “Go in your suit,” he tells her. “It’s OK.”

But she can’t—her bladder’s much too shy to pee like that, in front of everyone.

In front of him. Her body won’t let go.

Instead she hops from foot to foot and squirms with nothing hidden, all her skin revealed, her every movement on display for all, with every muscle clenched and holding on. And if she wets that thong, that too will show. She’ll make a spectacle if she lets go.

She’s not the only one who’s overwhelmed by bodily needs, and who might lose control. He feels as naked and exposed as her, no way to hide his bulging out in front. If she wets herself—lets go and pees— He too might make a wet spot one could see!

Here’s what he wants right now: To watch her go. To see her squat, or see her stand or sit— strip down and let it fly or wet herself.

Tinkle, trickle, gush or spurt or spray, pour silently in sheets all down her legs, or hiss through spandex, splashing at her feet.

He wants to kneel before her, eyes to crotch, to gaze at her, adoring, and just watch.

But he can’t—perhaps much later on in their relationship he’ll let her know about his kinky lust, his fantasy: a woman squirming, bursting for a pee, holding to the limit of her strength, then pissing secretly when she gets the chance, or, with no other choice, wetting her pants.

Here’s what she wants: To be all by herself, alone so she can pee and not be seen.

To squat down here, or maybe over there, and piss! Oh God, please let her! Anywhere!

But she can’t—there’s no where she can go Where people could not see her every move.

She runs ahead. He hurries to keep up.

She scampers, scurries, hops and hurries on, skips and dances, holding it all in, and thinks, I hope I'm not too obvious.

She is—at least he’s being chivalrous.

Here’s what he wants: To take her in his arms and hold her tight against his body, kiss her deep, grind his cock into her crotch with hands on ass, her naked buttocks in his hungry grip, and feel her urine spreading, hot, between them as she succumbs, a valiant struggle lost at last, overwhelmed by her own body, giving in as he is too, his body taking over and overriding all of his decorum, cumming in his Speedo, spurting hot, wetting her as she is wets him with piss, and groaning with relief and sexual bliss.

Here’s what she wants: To let go where she stands, do what he says and just pee down her legs until she’s standing in a spreading puddle all across the path, and not to care.

But she can’t—or she will not, or she’s too shy. And he can’t—or he will not, or he’s too shy.

She wriggles again. Presses her hands together as if praying, presses them between her thighs. Praying for a place where she can pee.

“Go in your suit,” he says again. “No one will know.”

“I can’t,” she says, “in view of everyone.”

“It’s just a bathing suit,” he says. “Sit on the ground.

No one will see, and it won’t make a sound.”

She shakes her head. She’s pee-shy. It won’t work.

But over there, a bench and a stone wall.

She walks hunched over, thighs grinding together, and sits, not on the bench, but on the wall, knees knocking together, wringing hands.

He sits beside her, tries to look away but can’t. He watches her sidelong.

She stills her body, stops her knees from knocking, closes her eyes, lets her face go slack, exhales. He watches, breathless. Ten seconds.

Thirty seconds. Then a minute or more.

“I can’t!" she says. “I can’t do it here.”

He tries to breathe, tries to say something, tries to quell the pounding of his heart.

She hops down from the wall. “Let’s go,” she says.

He sees spot of wet where some escaped, a darkened circle smaller than a dime.

He realizes he’s staring at her crotch.

“Where to?” he asks. (His body trembling now.) “The car.” She takes his hand. “Drive me to town.”

He looks up into her face and stands and turns to leave, to head back to the car. She walks beside him with a mincing gait, an arm around his waist, his ’round her shoulders, to the parking lot. As he unlocks the car, she writhes with gritted teeth and grinds her thighs, and grips herself with one hand, shamelessly. A passerby observes, looks somewhat shocked, then looks away and hurries off, embarrassed. Normally she’d be embarrassed too, but she’s past caring what a stranger thinks.

Her bladder hurts, she has to go so bad.

The one she wishes didn’t know is him.

He must be thinking she’s a total git for getting into this predicament.

He gestures to the road that leads away through miles of emptiness. “You gonna make it?”

“If you hurry,” she replies, “but please drive fast.” He tells her, “We should change. Put on some clothes.

Restaurants won’t let us in unless we’re dressed.” She’s pulling on her cutoffs and a tank.

He grabs a shirt (covering his bulge) and sits behind the wheel. She’s standing there, cutoffs unzipped but up around her hips.

The door is open but she’s standing still.

She scans the lot, judging how exposed.

“I have to go,” she says. “There’s no way I can wait.”

“OK,” he says, “So hold the door open.

Set your bottom on the running board and you’ll be hidden there from most directions.” His voice is tender, reassuring her.

She’s grateful for his kindness, though she thinks he must be thinking what a dope she is.

He’ll never call her back after today.

No helping it. There’s nothing else to do.

She looks around again, considering.

Just at the moment nobody is near.

Were she to duck down low, sit like he said, down on the running board, she would be hid.

Here’s what she wants... It doesn’t matter, though.

She’s out of options. There’s no choice at all.

She lets the cutoffs drop to her ankles.

She wills herself invisible, hunkering down low, closes her eyes, pretending she’s alone.

He’s watching her. He knows he shouldn’t look, should turn his head, gaze out at the horizon. Temptation is too strong. He can’t resist. He sees her back, her shoulders, nothing more. Her bottom is below his line of sight but he can tell exactly what she does, pulling down her thong to just mid-thigh. She’s naked now, for real, sitting right there, her pussy hanging in the open air.

Here’s what he wants: For her to pee at last. To hear her stream of piss, clear as a bell, splashing on the tarmac at her feet, her puddle spreading wide and growing deep.

There’s silence for a minute, then at last

A tiny tinkle, just a little splash.

She can’t do more. She keens in her frustration. “Damn it! Damn! I have to go!” she wails.

But nothing happens. Bladder locked up tight. A car drives by and voices can be heard.

She swears again. “My God, this is absurd!”

Here’s what she wants: To be all by herself. Were she alone, her shyness would be gone, her bladder would free up. She’d let it rain. She could release the pressure, end her pain.

But she can’t—people walk about and make her so frustrated she could shout.

Here’s what he wants: To be all by himself. Were he alone, he’d take hold of his cock, Give five or six quick strokes, and then he’d cum. The image of her nearly-naked ass, her squirming legs, would send his fiery lust over the edge.

He’d cum again tonight, in bed alone remembering the day’s adventure in detail and then again tomorrow at first light.

This memory will stay with him for life.

But they can’t—for neither one is all alone and free to just give in to bodily needs.

They’re both here with each other, shy and awkward, trying for decorum while they find their bodies overwhelm their strength of mind.

She hauls up her bikini, cutoffs too, and climbs into the car and slams the door and begs him please to hurry, drive to town, and get her to a bathroom she can use before too late. Before she’s lost her chance. Before she wets herself. Pees in her pants.

He’s so distracted that he grinds the gears and almost stalls the engine pulling out.

It’s hard to breathe. His bathing suit is wet— a little puddle of pre-cum up by the waistband where his penis throbs with each heartbeat. They leave the parking lot and head for town. The driveway is a quarter mile or more Past rolling dunes and little tufts of grass, all of it open, totally exposed.

She’s rocking in her seat, moaning in pain, with both hands gripping hard inside her jeans. She’ll never make it—but she has to try.

His skin is tingling, his belly to his thighs, all his body longing to be touched.

He works at keeping both eyes on the road but from the corner of his eye he sees her bouncing in her seat, her knocking knees. With hands inside her cutoffs, still unzipped, she holds it back with a white-knuckle grip.

Suddenly her hands are wet and hot. She’s losing it, she’s peeing in his car.

Oh God, this can’t get any worse!

“Pull over! Please!” she tells him. “Anywhere!” She’s pulling down her pants. He turns and stares. Her cutoffs slide down to her knees, then off, but her bikini bottom stays in place.

(It’s still a sexy sight, beyond belief.) The car pulls over to the side and stops.

She opens up the door and steps outside. He watches her. She’s wearing a tank top that’s cropped above her waist, but below that she’s naked (or as near as matters) from behind. He gapes at her, and hopes she doesn’t mind.

He holds his breath. Time seems to pause a moment.

His heart is racing, his cock so hard it hurts.

He sees her shift her weight. Her buttocks clench. He hears her make an anguished keening sound. He expects that she will duck down out of sight and leave him only with imagination to fill in all the details of the scene.

But here there isn’t anywhere to hide.

She’s caught out in the open, almost naked, feeling totally exposed, and going to pee.

No helping it. She almost wants to cry.

She can’t hold on, no matter how she tries.

He’s staring at her buttocks when it happens.

His thirsty eyes are drinking in the sight. A river flowing down between her thighs.

A swirl of golden liquid in the sun like pale mint tea, or maybe chamomile.

The stream is thick and strong, meandering Around her thighs, backs of her knees, and down her calves.

He sees her butt relax and hears the hiss grow stronger still. My God! An awesome piss!

If she had wet herself just out of mischief or only for convenience, without need, it wouldn’t interest him nearly as much as knowing that she struggled all the way, drawing the ordeal out at great length while she fought with every ounce of strength.

She tapers off at last, and climbs back in. Getting out a towel, she wipes her legs and lifts her butt to slide into her shorts.

Although they’re wet, it’s only at the crotch, and denim is dark enough it won’t show much.

Quietly, she tells him, “I’m so sorry.

You really must think I’m an idiot.” She looks like she’s about to cry.

He shushes her, and reaches out to her.

“It’s OK, girl,” he tells her. “Nothing’s wrong. No need to be ashamed, I promise you.

We’ll go back down and lie out in the sun and when the lightning’s gone, you can rinse off.”

She leans against his chest, and with a sigh she says, “I can’t belief I peed myself in front of you. It must have been so gross!” He puts his arms around her, pulls her tight. Comforting is what she needs right now, and reassurance that he still likes her, though he’s afraid that he’s about to cum and doesn’t know if that would be OK.

“Not gross at all,” he says. “You’re beautiful.” He strokes her hair, and she looks up at him.

His body shudders and he grimaces. “What’s wrong?” she asks him, hand upon his chest.

He can barely breathe. “Are you all right?” “I...” he says, “I’m gonna... Oh my God!”

Sitting up, she asks again, “What is it?”

Her hand is resting now just on his thigh.

His breath turns ragged, spine arching forward, And with his head thrown back, his eyes are closed.

He says, “I’m sorry,” whispers “I can’t stop it.”

She realizes then what’s going on and leans against him, pulling herself close and holding him against her as he cums.

He knows he should hold back, but there’s no chance — ejaculate exploding in his pants.

His bathing suit is now as wet as hers.

He says again, “I’m sorry,” and this time it’s her that tells him everything’s all right. “I didn’t realize that it turned you on.

I expected you to be annoyed with all the fuss and bother that I caused.

God, I can’t believe I peed myself.” She hides her face, remembering it now.

“I even wet your car a little bit.”

He says, “It’s fine. Don’t worry about the car. I was worried that you’d think I’m weird if you knew how much it turned me on.” She turns her face to look him in the eyes.

“It’s kinda strange,” she says, “but I don’t mind.” He’s trembling in her arms. She snuggles close. He smiles at her, remembering her piss, and leans in close, and tenderly they kiss.
