The Origins of Infinite Capacity-1

Author: Splashfics

1. The Eternal Slumber Party

In deepest suburbia one late October evening, three young women made their way along a lonely road. Possessed with the idea of doing something 'utterly scary' for Halloween, they crept by eerie orange street light towards their deathly destination...

If Chandra wasn’t the only one worried about the night they had ahead of them, the others were doing an impeccable job concealing their nerves. Strangely, neither Sara nor Cordelia appeared at all fazed by the prospect of an evening alone in a dark cemetery and it made Chandra's stomach turn. Good thing she was half a step behind so they couldn't see her face. She didn't just have butterflies, but what would have been more accurately described as pterodactyls soaring around inside her. And speaking of her stomach, it was as soon as they'd turned off Cordelia's road that she had suddenly noticed she really needed a wee.

Now, she should have asked her companions to wait for her to run and use the toilet, but it hadn't been easy getting a word in edgeways the entire evening. In fact, now that she had slipped down the pecking order in the eyes of her best friend, it was like she'd become transparent. These days it was Cordelia, fairest and dearest of all, to whom Sara looked, like some sort of divinely sculpted piece of art.

Indeed, ever since She had descended Mount Olympus to join Poplar Independent Secondary

School, it was clear to everybody in sixth form and below that Cordelia was a special piece of work.

‘Isn't it cool how light always seems to follow her...’

‘Well, I suppose when the sun shines out of your arse...’

Chandra wasn't usually one to speak so rudely of someone she barely knew, but Sara's constant and sickly adoration of the new girl had begun to sorely grate.

‘I wish I had one like Cordelia's... Do you think it's those jeans?’

‘No, I'd say it's more likely her genes, Sar... And when did you become so interested in that sort of thing anyway?’

Sara shrugged, running a hand through her dull locks and casting a down-turned eye at her own, less ample figure.

'Give yourself a break, eh?’ said Chandra after a pause, ‘It's what's inside that counts!'

'Ha! Exactly!' Sara pouted. 'I’m boring on the outside and inside. I mean, look at your eyes. They’re more interesting than me, on their own!'

'Come off it...' laughed Chandra, feeling a bit bashful.

'They are! They're like cat's eyes... It's so unfair.'

Sara continued to stew and Chandra tried her best to play down her features as they whispered behind a stack of books. It was true that the amber eyes she’d inherited from her mum contrasted quite vividly against the warm complexion she’d taken from her dad, but she'd never felt special because of it. Most of her was pretty ordinary.

While Chandra wasn't willing to accept Sara's compliment, elsewhere in the building, a certain Cordelia must have sensed her envious prayers and unexpectedly materialised at the door of the library.

She stood for a moment, looking around, perhaps trying to locate the source of worship, before miraculously rounding on the two heads almost entirely obscured by all the books in front of them. Peering over the top, Cordelia laid her eyes on Sara.

‘You’re Dali, right? Sara Dali?’

Chandra was convinced for a moment that Cordelia really must be a supernatural being to have figured that out with no help, before the new girl continued.

‘I met your brother in the dining room; he said you'd be up here buried in books- Cordelia Finegold.’ Cordelia held out a hand. ‘If I'm not mistaken, your family lives on Poplar Crescent? We’ve just moved in at number one.’

Sara, unable to contain her delight at having been spoken to and touched by the hand of an ‘angel’, thereafter abandoned her perfectly adequate speaking voice and adopted a new one with the uncanny resemblance and frequency of a hamster.

‘Yes, oh my gosh, that's excellent! And it’s sooo nice to meet you!’

Chandra snorted with laughter. She wasn't trying to be rude, it really just slipped out. Cordelia's eyes darted towards her.

‘Sorry, I didn't catch your name?’

‘Erm, I'm Chandra... Chandra... Brook?

It felt weirdly formal to give her surname and Cordelia's reaction wasn't particularly warm either.

‘Ah, okay. Well, goodbye then. Sar, pop by mine this weekend, we'll go shopping!’

When Sara came in the next Monday, wearing a pair of jeans to match Cordelia's - and it really was in Cordelia's DNA after all - Chandra felt a pin prick on her heart. Even if it was just clothes, she and Sara had always dressed the same, scruffy way for as long as they’d been friends. Deep down she knew in that moment that Sara had taken one step away from her and one closer to Cordelia. She knew that from then on, things would no longer be quite the same and most painful of all, she knew that wherever Sara and Cordelia were going, she didn't want to follow. Although, distancing herself from the only people she could call friends was a lot more difficult in practice, as Chandra found to her misery over the next year...

