Joanne’s Accidents (1-16)
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1996'03)

17. I meet Joanne for one of our coffees. She looks great when she comes in; long sweater and opaque tights. As she walks in I imagine what it would be like to see pee running down the insider of her legs from beneath her sweater. She smiles, gets coffee and we talk. Somewhere in the conversation I ask my usual question. "Any good, or not so good, accidents? Have you peed in your pants since we I last saw you?" "Oh, God....just the other day." She puts her pretty head in her hands and actually bends her head as she turns just a hint of blushing red. That's unusual, but I love it. "What happened? Tell all."

Joanne recounts the only time since our previous meeting that she's wet herself, excepting of course her usual little piddles and dribbles which occur almost daily. "I was walking the dog, after my usual coffee. God, I have to pee so badly and so suddenly after coffee, especially in the morning...its awful. I walked the dog, maybe six blocks, I'm not sure. I had to pee almost as soon as I left, but coming back the last few blocks is when it began. The usual, I really had to go, so badly, and squeezed my muscles, but that always means I end up dribbling a little. And it didn't help too much, I kept having to go. I was pulling the dog from one place to another, he wanted to stop everywhere, and I kept squeezing, and dribbling. I knew my panties were pretty damp a block from the house, but I kept trying to prevent a really big accident by squeezing, and I just kept getting wetter and wetter. I was almost running, and I could feel my panties getting really wet. I was sure my jeans were getting wet too, but I wasn't about to look. I was almost running and hopping around trying to keep from loosing control."

I was really hard listening to Joanne, looking at her lovely eyes and pretty face, imagining how she must have looked. "What were you wearing?" "Jeans, boots (it had been raining) and a jacket. And by the time I got to the door I had to take off my boots because they were so muddy...the dog was pulling and I was jumping up and down trying to hold it, but more than dribbling now I was really leaking. I could feel it running out of my panties, I knew I really wet them, down my leg. I finally got my boots off and ran to the toilet, peeing as I went, and pulled my jeans and panties down, and emptied the rest in the toilet. God, my jeans were wet about 6 inches. But at least this time no one saw me like the time in the cafe, that's so embarrassing." [See incident #15]

"What panties were your wearing?" "White, with lace on the front, like most of mine. I think they were cotton. They were soaked. I took them off and washed them out and hung up my jeans to dry. I was late to work. God I hated it, but...." as she smiled at me in a cute kind of way, "....I know you like it when I tell you about my misadventures."

"I love it. I loved the story. I wish I had seen you...I would love to see you wet yourself."

***

18. I meet Joanne for only a little while. Before she leaves as ask my usual question, but before I even begin to get it out she says: "Yes, yes, I wet my pants, just the other day, quite a lot; it was awful, but I knew you'd love it." She turns ever so slightly red, which I love. "What happened this time?"

"Well, as you know I absolutely have to have my coffee in the morning, I can't even begin my day without two cups, but then within a little while I'm just dying to pee and that's always, or often, a problem, but even if I pee before I leave the house it doesn't seem to work, I still am desperate within 20 minutes or half an hour. Its really a catch–22 situation, I never know what to do. I was walking with my boyfriend, walking the dog, on a trail in a park...I often go there, and there are quite a few other people walking, too.

"Anyway, no sooner than we're there I'm dying to pee, and my boyfriend sees that I'm obviously not happy. I tell him I'm dying to pee, but there are no portapotties (I really need to complain to the parks department). After beginning the walk I know I'll never make it, so he suggests I just go behind a bush and pee, but there is nowhere I can possibly go and not be seen by people."

I'm getting hard listening to Joanne's plight. She describes that her boots were muddy by this time and that she was wearing jeans. I imagine her almost jumping around.

"So I decided I was only a five minute drive from home and told my boyfriend to keep the dog and I'd drive home and meet him. After finally getting untangled from the dog's leash, I got into the car.....God, I was dying, and my boots were all muddy."

I said, "Sounds like walking the dog is a dangerously wet thing to do." She smiled and laughed, thinking of the time before when she wet her jeans and had muddy boots on.

"What happened?"

"Well, I had to pee so badly I was trying to drive and take my boots off at the same time since I didn't want to track mud in the house....and I was really afraid of soaking myself in the car."

"Did you?"

"No, I managed to make it and get my shoes off, but then getting out of the car I felt the first few spurts, big ones; my panties got soaked very fast and I could feel my jeans getting wet, too. God, I hate it when that happens, I just can't control myself, not at all."

"Did you get to the toilet?"

"Yes, I did, but I had to change before I went back to meet my boyfriend. I know you're going to ask. I had on white silk panties, and they were very wet, dripping. So I changed them and my jeans, which were also wet."

"How wet were your jeans?"

Joanne turned coy, and cute. "Enough is enough. I've got to work. See you later." "But, " I responded, "just tell me, how wet did your jeans get...you've told me in the past, I love to visualize these things. You know, the devil's in the details." She laughed. "You'll just have to imagine, it more fun that way....Wet enough to have to change. I would have been very embarrassed to be seen that way....I'll just leave it there."

I was hard and turned on thinking of Joanne pulling off her wet jeans and yellow stained and dripping silk panties, probably with lace, knowing her taste. Giving up on finding out the details of her soaked jeans I asked, "Any other times?" She smiled, again. "Just the usual little ones, but they happen so often I forget....I'll see you soon and let you know.

I left, knowing I was going to have coffee with her, and hoping that perhaps I'll find out more, and sometimes see her hopping around desperate to pee, and then wetting herself. Time will tell.
