The Implants

Author: Fluidity (1999-02-21 at 07:48) #28765

“Scalpel!”

“Retractor!”

“Uh, Fawn, Honey, I need my bottle”.

During the long quintuple bypass operation Doctor Shaftson's bladder became full and needed attention. Nurse Fawn had been assigned permanent bottle duty at Doctor Shaftson's request. She grabbed the 1.5 liter soda pop bottle (Dr. Pepper) and climbed under the operating table. She found Doctor Shaftson and very carefully extracted his flaccid penis, placing it over the bottle top opening.

“OK, Doctor,” Fawn called out and Shaftson's cock began to dribble and then gush for nearly a minute. Fawn learned quickly that handling Dr. Shaftson's cock without care either caused him pain and her a kick in the ass, or caused him an erection, with even more devilish consequences for Fawn: there were only a few ways to get it flaccid again, and it was made clear to her that the most pleasant option (for the Doctor) was the one to be taken.

That evening Dr. Richard Shaftson and his wife, Dawn, discussed their respective bladder difficulties. They were the only married surgeons in the Midwest. Dawn Shaftson also had frequent difficulties holding her bladder for the operations whose lengths were becoming increasingly sizable. Dawn had not yet developed a solution as had Shaftson.

“What would you do without compliant Fawn, Dickie?” Shaftson had not yet revealed to Dawn the “other path” which Fawn took if she was indiscreet or simply unlucky with Dick's dick.

“What we both need are larger bladders. Since we are both surgeons, why don't we do something about it”.

“Sure, Dick. I'll just call Igor and have him get something out of Forest Lawn. What the fuck do you mean?”

“No, D, I really mean it. I've been thinking about this for a long time. We can either ask Igor to find some cadaver with an enormous bladder, or we just ask our friends at Scientific Medicine Incorporated. They are producing artificial organs which work remarkably well. All I need to do is call my old college buddy, Victor Franken, who is the lead designer at SMI. I bet he would be happy to bring us a couple of oversized artificial bladders for our testing. What do you think? Wouldn't you like to last through a six hour operation?”

“Look, Dick, I can last six hours, but I'm near frantic to whiz by that time. Sure, I'd like to hold three liters of piss. Do you think he can deliver?”

“I'll check with Vic and see what he can do”.

###

Three months later Dick and Dawn performed the first artificial bladder implant operations on each other over a long three-day weekend. The bladders were rated at 3.4 liters. SMI provided instructions with which to attach the artificial bladder to the nerves which signal bladder discomfort. This was a major bio-technical accomplishment for the SMI team. But they were all desperately interested in Dawn's and Dick's experience with the new devices.

###

Bzzzzzzz.

Dick lunged at the alarm and finally turned it off. “Morning, D. Time to rise and pee, remember. We told Vic that we would pee every morning whether we needed to or not”.

“Dickie, Something's wrong with the setting of mine and has been since I first awakened from your little surgical effort. I haven't peed since yesterday morning, but not five minutes after that pee if felt as if I needed another serious whiz and that feeling never went away. I knew I wasn't full so I just suffered through it. I downed at least four liters of water during the day and my feeling never got stronger or went away. I think my wires are crossed and the system is set to “constant desperation.” Did you follow that wiring diagram that SMI gave you when you installed this thing?”

“D, I did just what they said. I feel fine. I drank more than you did. I feel like there is a giant balloon in my abdomen, but don't feel any urgency at all”.

“Oh, Dick, that may be worse than my problem. If you get too full and don't feel any pressure, you can rupture your bladder without knowing it”.

“Doesn't bother me. I'm going to shower”.

Dick went in to shower. Dawn plopped herself down and relieved her 26 hour bladder and pissed for six minutes and fourteen seconds, releasing 3.09 liters of dark yellow piss”.

“Don't you want to pee, Dick?”

“No, It's about time I gave Fawn a thrill”.

With that Dr. Shaftson walked out of his apartment and took the bus to work. He enjoyed feeling like a man of the people, not one of those limo doctors. But the several liters of urine in his bladder made noticeable sloshing noises which caused considerable consternation on the bus. People were looking around for the gallon milk bottle making all that noise. Even Shaftson didn't realize for some time that it was he making those sounds. Then there was little he could do but glance around for the milk bottle and try to deflect suspicion from himself.

Shaftson's first operation was scheduled for 3 PM. He continued to guzzle bottles of bottled water. He kept his stomach full since he could feel that. He could not feel his bladder. He knew he could piss forever if he relaxed but holding his sphincters shut was no effort at all.

Two hours into the operation he asked Fawn for the bottle. When Fawn reached in for Shaftson's cock she was surprised to find it fully erect, throbbing with need, as firm as stone. This was partly from Shaftson's full bladder and partly from anticipation at the show he was going to put on for her.

Fawn knew her duty, whether she was at fault or not. She also noticed Shaftson's distended abdomen, as if he were slightly pregnant.

It took two sessions of Fawn's efforts. She had come to look forward to them and often softly fumbled with Shaftson's cock if she found it soft; no need this time.

Finally the organ began to wilt. “Quickly, Fawn, the bottle,” shouted Shaftson; after two orgasms he could not hold his sphincters much longer. He squeezed but he knew he would leak any second.

Fawn drew the bottle to Shaftson's weenie just as pee began to dribble out of it. The dribble became a gush in less than a second, and it took Fawn's breath away. Shaftson's bladder was emptying at a rate that was truly astounding. The flaccidity of his cock and the pressure of the flow tended to create the runaway fire hose syndrome, as Fawn had difficulty keeping the urethral opening right over the small bottle's neck.

The flow rate found Fawn mesmerized. She watched the bottle's waterline rise and rise and she became worried that 1.5 liters were not enough.

They were not.

In the final frantic seconds when Fawn knew that she needed another bottle and it was on the other side of the operating room sitting on the table she dreaded what she must do. “Doctor, can you stop for a few seconds while I get the other bottle? Quickly, or you will make a mess”.

“WHO will make a mess, Miss Flowing? Certainly not I!”

Fawn Flowing's blood ran cold. She balanced the nearly full bottle up against Dr. Shaftson's gushing cock and reached out to grab the pile of bloodstained towels and sheets, detritis from the operation. She quickly rumpled them into a ball and positioned them in the path of Shaftson's stream. Then she removed the overflowing 1.5 liter bottle from Shaftson's cock and laid it on the floor. She quickly scurried over to where the other bottles sat and grabbed two of them.

By the time she had Shaftson's cock under the next bottle she guessed 200 ml had gushed onto the linen.

Fawn would have to use the third bottle, as 3.23 liters of urine flowed from Shaftson's cock that afternoon, Fawn did not know where it came from, but she liked it. When the gigantic flow ceased she slipped the soft member between her lips and gave Shaftson his third pleasuring of the afternoon.

Fawn came out from under the operating table sweating and flushed with erotic excitement, desperately needing some sexual release.

“Is everything all right, Miss Flowing?” asked the Doctor.

“Everything is peachy, Doctor”.

###

Dawn Shaftson arrived home late as usual after a day of operations and meetings. She thought back through a day unlike any she had known.

Even though she knew that the constant intense urge to urinate was a simple wiring mistake, she could not entirely ignore it. Throughout the day she found herself unconsciously fidgeting as if she were about to burst.

Then there was that horrifying occasion when she found her hand tightly kneading her crotch which caused her secretary, Bruce, to ask if she needed to excuse herself.

Dawn had not flushed so brilliantly in decades, and the sight of Bruce's crotch and it's risen member gave her another feeling to think about. She was not going to be tempted by this gorgeous man who had been assigned to her several months ago.

But the sight of his enormous cock straining for release from his jeans, her own constant feelings of urinary distress, the pussy-kneading which had its own intense side effects, all these combined to leave Dawn helpless.

She looked up into Bruce's eyes; her blushing and deep breathing told Bruce everything he thought he needed to know.

“Don't hold it, Mrs. Shaftson; here, take my hand and we will take care of your little problem.” He though to himself, “Lord, what a gorgeous woman; jet black hair, deep brown eyes, tight little tits; how am I so lucky?” He took Dawn's willing hand (the other was still tightly pressed against her pee hole) and helped her up. At that Dawn removed her hand from her crotch and lay it on Bruce's hardened cock while she let her lips find his.

“Call me Dawn, please…”

A few moments later they were both unclothed on the rich thick rug in the midst of Dawn's office. Bruce slipped his swollen organ into her waiting custard pie and Dawn groaned with pleasure and shuddered through the first of several afternoon orgasms. “Dawn, Sweet, don't you badly need a whiz?”

“I do but after we are finished.” Bruce didn't understand this. No woman he knew could fuck while bursting for a leak; any number of women had jumped out of the most intense lovemaking with the cry, “Gotta wee right now!” But Dawn certainly knew how to take her pleasure while her bladder was full.

After they exhausted themselves and were lying quietly intertwined, Dawn whispered, “My bladder feels like it is going to burst. Have you ever wanted to help a girl piss a gallon's worth?”

Bruce's three orgasms left his cock unable to rise to this delicious offer, but his mind did. “I'd utterly love to, Sweet Dawn. What can I do?”

“Go get that large pottery jar by the door that we use to hold umbrellas when it rains. Bring it over here and then help me up”.

Bruce did as he was told. He saw Dawn's swollen stomach and wondered how much she was holding on to. “You have to pee a lot don't you, Dawn?”

“You have no idea,” said Dawn as Bruce helped her to her feet. Her sphincters were quivering under the pressure which she knew was not due to mis-wiring. She spread her legs and hovered over the pottery vase. It held about eight liters. Dawn reached down and spread the lips of her vulva, wet and sticky from an hour of lovemaking. “I'm bursting, absolutely bursting to piss,” whispered Dawn.

At that the steam began and Bruce gasped in amazement at the sight. The force and flow rate were phenomenal. He had used the phrase, piss like a racehorse, before, but Dawn was doing just that. And then the pressure rose again as Dawn took another deep breath and pressed down. She urinated and urinated and urinated. Bruce had never imagined such a sight, this gorgeous woman with a light brown bush, small firm breasts, and a bladder that would not stop gushing deep yellow piss.

Dawn nearly half filled the jar, and Bruce could not believe it.

Dawn gave the final squirt into the jar and looked at Bruce; “Whizzing is fun, isn't it?”

