Debra Needs a Toilet Badly 

By Debra (2007-02-08)

(I Want a Piss. I Need a Toilet For My Bursting Bladder!!)

This true story happened to me in October 1999 in Kent, England.

I travelled to a small village in Kent the purpose of this visit was to film someone as they left a building on my camcorder, fortunately for me the building in question was about 50 yards from a railway station, so I knew I could sit and wait at the station without looking suspicious.

I arrived at this village around lunch time, which gave me a couple of hours to kill. I was wearing black jeans, a red sweater and new trainers and this is England, so I had my coat too!

I wasn't prepared for the fact this was only a tiny village and not much in it, so I decided to take a walk around and see some of the next village, I passed a little pub, so to kill time I went inside and had a couple of diet cokes and a salad roll and another diet coke for the road, then I decided to make my way back to the railway station. I could feel a slight urge to pee but I ignored it, I figured I'd go back at the station. By the time I actually got back I needed to go rather badly, but I tried to ignore my bursting bladder and the urgent signals it was giving out. There were a few people at the station, so I asked where the nearest toilets were, but all I got was a mumbled reply that there aren't any around here.

By now the urge was increasing by the second and it did occur to me that I might not be able to wait, I thought about walking back to that little pub, but I knew I didn't have time to walk there and back before the people in the building were due to leave - I'd travelled a long way to get this film footage and it was very important to me, so I couldn't screw it up, I had to hold on even though my bladder was bursting.

It was only another 20 minutes until they were due to come out, I hoped I could wait. I found myself pacing up and down the platform, had it been empty I would've squatted down to piss there and then, but for a small village, Wateringbury station was surprisingly busy, so there I was, frantically pacing up and down the platform keeping one eye on the clock and one eye open for any chance I might have to squat down to piss for some very badly needed relief.

So after 20 minutes of: frantic pacing, crossing and uncrossing my legs, holding myself when I hoped no one was looking, sitting on the platform seat then quickly realising that wasn't a good idea before quickly jumping up, the people began to leave the building, I quickly got my camcorder out and filmed what I was there to film, the excitement of who I was seeing coupled with the growing desperation in my bursting bladder was just too much and I felt a warm trickle of piss run down my legs! There was honestly and truly nothing I could do about it, I was completely helpless as my warm, wet piss soaked the crutch of my black jeans and in seconds had soaked both of my legs and had left me standing in a huge puddle of my pee.

The relief was totally unwordable and the arousing effect it had on me was indescribable. Once I was alone on the train on my way home, I rubbed myself to a mind blowing orgasm, it was so powerful I could still feel the echoes of it long afterwards. Debra
