Joanne's Accident #20
  Note:  This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1996'10)

Accident #20. Joanne and I have had a few lunches and coffees over the past months, but she tells me each time that she's resolved to be very, very careful about visiting the toilet, like voting: early and often. So, to my great disappointment, she says she only dribbled in her panties, barely dampening them, over the past months. No major accidents, no mini–accidents, just a few drops here and there, which, however doesn't mean that she's not been desperate, but her planning and carefulness seems to have paid off, at least until the last few weeks.

Ah, I'm very please when she tells me of two new accidents, in spite of what she says is her still carefully planned toilet visits after each cup of coffee, a few times between meals, even if she feels she doesn't have to go.

The first accident was, again, while walking her dog. She hasn't peed in her pants while taking her dog for a morning walk for quite a while since she always has her coffee after the walk, and then visits the toilet before driving to work, or to do errands. But this particular morning she had slept late. It was Saturday and the dog didn't seem in a hurry to go out, so she had coffee, read the paper, talked with her son, went to pee, and took the dog for a walk. It was a hot day and she decided to take a long walk. She wore a tan pair of shorts, tight but not really that short, and a white top. She seems to take pleasure in telling me the story in some detail. I was very turned on, sitting across from her in a park, looking at her long, thin legs tightly wrapped in jeans as we spoke.

Joanne smiled, saying: " As I walked toward home, perhaps three or four blocks, I really, really had to pee...all of a sudden. I thought, 'oh, shit', I can't even walk my dog and ever drink coffee.' After two blocks I was really desperate, and found myself thinking of you. I knew you'd love my predicament, but while that was nice, I didn't like it at all. I felt the first little dribbles, and as usual, contracted my muscle, which made more dribble...I knew my panties were pretty damp after the first dribbles. I made it to within one block of my house and began to run, but my dog...he must be like you...I had to pull him along, slowing me down. I was beginning to dribble again, and each time I'd contract my muscles, I'd pee more in my panties. I was afraid I was wetting my shorts, but didn't dare look. Then a few houses from mine I felt more than dribbles...some spurts and I knew my shorts were getting wet. I stopped and crossed my legs, and then looked up. A neighbor was standing in his driveway, just ahead of me...It was obvious I was desperate. He smiled and said, 'Hi'. I was embarrassed, standing there legs crossed, not knowing how wet or visible I was."

"I managed to say Hi back, and then run to my door without going more, but at the door way I lost it and really began to wet my shorts. I felt my pee running down my legs, and then managed to stop it again as I fumbled for my key. My dog was jumping around and I was too. As I got the door open I just dropped by keys, let the dog go and grabbed myself as I felt myself begin to pee again. My hand was wet and worse as I ran to the toilet I passed by son on the portable phone. He blurted out, "Mom, you're peeing in your pants!!" God, I was embarrassed, not that he hadn't seen me wet myself before, he had, as you know. He, too, sometimes still wet his pants...I've told you that. But he was on the phone with god knows who...and they of course now knew."

"I got the toilet and pulled down my shorts and panties, peeing as I did and wetting them further. I finished in the toilet, looking at the soggy mess, angry at myself, but also amused and still thinking of you. I washed off and wrapped myself in a towel, went to my room and put on dry panties and a dress. My son was now off the phone, and I asked who he was talking to. It turned out to be his good friend Eric, who was often at our house. Clearly Eric now knew I wet my pants. I asked my son what he told Eric. He said, "Not much Mom. I guess I was surprised as you walked in the door...Eric said, "What? Your Mom what?" I repeated it, and said that sometimes happened to her, that is, you. He didn't say more."

"That was the end of that, and I knew you'd want to know in all the details."

I was feeling like I'd cum in my pants from hearing Joanne tell me the story, but I asked about the other time.

The second was driving to work. It happened a few weeks later. Again, Joanne had left the house a lot later than usual, and had had coffee and a visit to the toilet to pee, just as a preventive measure, as is now her habit. She stopped to do an errand, making her trip to work about 45 minutes, as compared to the usual 15 or 20. The last 10 minutes she was dying to pee, and ended up driving with her hand held against her panties. She wore a blue skirt and matching jacket and a white blouse. The skirt came a few inches above her knee. Each time she had to shift and push the clutch in with her left leg she felt ready to soak herself, but actually managed to hold on until she got to the parking lot at work. She had to park far from her usual spot since she was late and all the other places were taken. As she stepped from her car she felt the first ominous involuntary dribble into her white cotton panties. She knew she'd never be able to make it to her office, at least a five minute walk and elevator ride, if she didn't have to wait too long for the elevator.

She didn't know what do to, and was debating peeing in the lot, although there were a few cars some distance from her and no one else seemed to be around, but she was pretty visible.

I smiled as she recounted this. She continued: "I began to walk, but only got about three cars from mine when a really large spurt really soaked my panties and began to trickle down my legs. I had no choice but to pee right where I was. I looked around and was about to pull up my skirt and pull my panties down and squat when I saw a car drive around to near where I parked. While not right next to me, I could see the driver and he was close by. I froze, but I then ended up peeing some more, and now felt my legs wet to almost my knees. I kept hoping I wasn't wetting my skirt. I had no choice and just pulled up my skirt and was about to pull down my already very wet panties when I couldn't hold back another second and just began peeing in my panties, standing there, my skirt around my waste, my legs wide apart. I heard my pee splash on the ground and didn't want to get my shoes wet, so I ended up squatting down while I was still peeing and finished that way. Unfortunately in that position the backside of my panties began to get very wet, also, and I knew I couldn't just pull my skirt down. So when I finished I took them off, squeezed them out and put them in my purse. I walked pantiless to work, my legs still wet, and finally washed myself out, rinsed my panties out."

I listened to Joanne's two stories, very hard, almost flushed, asking her when I was ever going to get to witness an accident. She smiled, saying who knows, she doesn't plan them. Perhaps she'll have a few more in the coming months, but these two have been all to exceptional in the recent past.

