Gold Rush: A Desperate Western (ch. 1)

By Melody Alexi

This erotic little story includes pee desperation, desperate wetting, humiliation, captivity, and subtle domination. Only keep reading if these things are thrilling to you. 18+ Only.

Dedication

For my readers! Because embracing your inner kink is a fun and freeing thing.

Chapter 1

Elaine rocked ever-so-slightly in the saddle, numbly looking out at the prairie and hoping to see a town. But she knew full well one wouldn't surface for many miles.

Her hands were tied behind her back and golden wisps of hair clung to her damp forehead. In her heightened state of anxiousness, her nipples were standing pert and erect, the outline visible through her blouse.

Although she kept her expression stoic, she hoped the bounty hunter wouldn't look back and take a good hard look at her.

She continued to gently grind her crotch into the saddle to distract herself from the need she was feeling there.

The bounty hunter rode silently ahead, a rope tethering her horse to his. She'd tried twice now to kick her own horse into a sudden run, to catch him off guard, to escape, but he'd been quick to cut her off and reel her back every time. He’d threatened to parade her into town naked if she kept it up.

He cut a muscular figure, if not a somewhat unassuming one. She hadn't guessed he was anything other than another cowboy or gold panner until it was too late. She wondered whether she could seduce him into giving back her freedom.

"Are we heading for South Pass?" She ventured, trying a non-combative tone. In fact, she sounded downright contrite. Sweet as honey. Judging by the rock formations, South Pass would be the next town.

"No," he said. He didn't sound combative either, but he didn't sound friendly.

Damn. That meant they were headed for Atlantic City, and their lawman was not as lax. And after South Pass, they wouldn't get there for another hour and a half at this pace.

"Are we going to stop at least?" Her voice sounded a little pinched this time, but she didn't want him to latch onto her weakness or to guess the cause of it. She cleared her throat. "I could use something to drink."

He reined his horse to a halt and tugged hers alongside him. Looking at him square in the face now it was hard to believe this young man, of all the seasoned lawmen and bounty hunters that had crossed her path, had been the one to take her in. His eyes were sad and his hands weren't as aged and rough as she’d expect. But they had a surprising strength, she realized, as he uncapped his canteen. Maybe his innocent-cowboy routine was why she was caught right now. When he'd asked her for directions to the nearest gold camp she'd never imagined she'd be looking down the barrel of his gun. When she'd tried to escape, she'd never dreamed he'd threaten to strip her or shoot her.

Because her hands were tied, he pushed the canteen towards her face. She tried not to show her distaste for being nursed like a child, or her dismay at drinking more water. Really, what she wanted was an outhouse and then water.

But she opened her mouth to drink— and was hit with a brisk rush of cold creek water. It splashed her face, ran down her chin, and streamed down her blouse. Damn him. She didn't know why she’d expected a western gentleman.

But when he lowered the canteen, he didn't even pretend he wasn't looking directly at her soaked blouse, and her nipples straining through.

Inside, she was raging, but she decided she'd try her luck on South Pass again. "I don't suppose you have anything to eat?"

"I'll feed you before they lock you up," he said simply.

And with that, he stopped looking at the outline of her breasts and tugged her along. "It's a shame they'll probably hang you. You are dangerously pretty."

And that was part of what made her so good at her job. She was a pretty young woman with a handful of pretty (stolen) dresses and any passenger in a luxurious buggy, any merchant of picks and pans, and any idiot mayor would stop for such a lovely little lady.

It wasn't the riches she was after, but the riches were useful. It was cruel but it was true. After making the trek out west with her family and pursuing gold the honest way to make an honest life, with years of toil and misery, it instead came so easily just by revenge robbing.

The water streaming down her blouse and breasts had unsettled her, and she ground her pussy hard into the saddle like it could ease her ache to pee.

She grit her teeth and managed to keep her mouth shut until South Pass finally appeared on the horizon. Only an hour and a half left until Atlantic City. If she didn't drink anymore, she would make it.

When the bounty hunter rode into town and pulled up alongside a hitching post, her hopes rose.

Maybe a chance to escape. Or at least, maybe, a chance at an outhouse break.

They were in front of a Mercantile, but he waved for the merchant's boy to come rather than heading inside himself, leaving no room for a chance at escape.

The boy seemed to recognize him and beamed in recognition. “Mr. Branson!”

Branson.

Branson Davis. He was an up-and-coming bounty hunter and every outlaw from here to Canada whispered of his exploits.

She’d never have dreamed that was who she was dealing with. She never would have expected him to look so harmless.

"Here," he dropped a handful of coins in the boy's hands. "Bread, jerky, and cigars. Keep the change." The boy took off like a shot.

Finally, the bounty man turned his attention to Elaine.

"Good little town. But Atlantic City is offering six times the bounty for you."

The boy returned with the items and Branson stuffed them in his saddlebag, all except for a cigar, which he lit. Elaine tried not to let her anxiety swell, thinking how much time smoking it down would take. "They fucking hate you there. Your name is like a swear word. If the law doesn't snuff you, a lynching mob will." He took a long draw on his cigar. "You really pissed someone off."

"A whole lot of someones," she admitted, trying to keep her breath measured and her fidgeting minimal.

First, she'd come for the man who made his riches selling faulty pickaxes, pans, and ropes to gold panners. Then, she'd gone after the sordid owner of the mining camp where her betrothed, rest in peace, had taken up employment and been brutally exploited. Just like her father, he’d been run into the ground and ultimately killed in a mine shaft collapse. And finally, she'd gone after the mayor and blown out both his kneecaps and stolen all his ill-gotten good from the miners and all his wife's jewelry, hence the explosive bounty.

Here she'd only nabbed the riches and destroyed the livelihood of another sleazy pickaxe seller. It had been so satisfying to set fire to his wagons.

"You know, you could make this easy for me and save yourself." His piercing blue eyes looked up into hers while he smoked. "You could tell me where all that money, gold, and jewelry is."

She blew out a deep breath and wished the saddle didn't keep her legs apart so she could pinch them together. "Can't do that, Sir."

"Call me Branson." He casually flicked the ash from his cigar. "And can I ask why?"

That gold was what enabled her to do what she did. That gold let her filter funds back to honest hardworking people, paying them well for the goods and information she needed to do her work. And that gold was taken in justice. She'd never give a single cent of it back.

"Because I earned it."

"You do understand the danger you're in?"

She could feel people looking at her, the woman trussed up on a handsome man's horse.

It made her feel even hotter and more fidgety, and she felt faint dampness brimming at her crotch.

"You need leverage,” He went on. “And I can help you with that."

"Look, the only thing I need is to get off this horse and stretch my limbs. And eat. And visit an outhouse."

There, she'd said it.

He looked surprised at the admission, if not particularly concerned. He was wordless as he took another long draw off his cigar, but he didn't stop looking at her.

The silence made her skin prickle. He wasn't going to ignore everything she'd just said, was he?

She tried again, "If nothing else, I need a loo."

He surprised her by making a light sound like a snicker. He looked almost coy as he dropped the butt of his cigar and ground it to nothing in the earth. Then, with not another word, he untied and mounted his horse.

"Hey," she shouted at his uncaring back, as he turned to lead them out of town. "I’m telling you I have to piss."

He didn't say anything. He didn't look back at her. He just rode on like she'd said nothing.

Fine, if he wanted to humiliate her by making her go out in the open fields. She pissed in the open air all the time. How did he think a lady outlaw managed it on the road?

Her face was still hot, but she tried to sit straight and tall.

The ride was excruciating and silent for a good half hour. The golden slopes and dips and scrub brush and antelope seemed to drag endlessly in either direction

When, finally, he stopped by a thatch of trees Elaine puffed out a sigh of relief.

He helped her from the saddle with frighteningly strong hands and lowered her to a log to sit.

"I'm gonna unfasten your hands for you to eat," he said. "And if you try anything stupid, I'll strip you and parade you into town naked. That’s not a hollow threat."

She set her jaw in response while he unfastened the ropes and numbly flexed her hands when they were free.

She thought of standing to unfasten her trousers to pee right then, but he shoved a slice of bread and strip of jerky her way before she could. She did need to keep up her strength if she was going to escape.

"Eat," he said, and nothing else, setting to eating himself.

She ate slowly, the bread going down like gravel.

She ran through her options again, but she couldn't very well think about seduction or attack or other methods of escape with such a bursting full bladder.

When she was half done, he wordlessly thrust his canteen her way.

"I'm good."

"I won't have you fainting."

She bit her lip for a moment and decided to try honesty again.

"I'll need to piss first."

"Drink."

She knew she was in no position to resist. She scowled but she accepted the canteen and drank some, his eyes never leaving her while she did.

When she finished drinking he dusted bread crumbs from his hands.

"As for pissing, it'll have to wait. The Sheriff is not a patient man and he's been waiting a long time for you."

"A few minutes won't make any difference."

"But there's also your safety to consider. Plenty of people want to kill you and people noticed us in South Pass. We gotta keep a move on." And he stooped behind her to refasten her ropes. She stiffened in surprise. He wasn't just trying to unsettle her by dragging it out. He really wasn't going to let her pee right now.

"But I have to go," she said, while he hoisted her to her feet.

"You're just going to have to hold it until we get back to the city." He swigged from his canteen with one hand, lugged her along with another. "And while they book you. And while we wait for a cell. And then I suppose there'll be a bucket in your cell, or at least a corner you can squat in."

"You haven't got to torture me like this." She balked at the side of the horse and pressed her legs together.

He snorted a laugh. "That's golden, someone like you accusing me of cruelty."

And he boosted her up onto the horse while she tried not to start leaking right then.

"You're gonna have to wait. Or, you're gonna break down and tell me where all that gold is. In that case, we don't even have to head for town."

So that was it, then. He thought that keeping her from whizzing was going to make her squirm enough to give up the gold. She was a coldblooded thief, on wanted posters from Montana to Colorado, and he thought a tight bladder would break her? It was insulting.

"Not gonna happen," she said, twisting her wrists against the binds to get a feel for them. They were pretty tight.

"Well then, a piss break is not gonna happen. At least not for a while."

And he mounted and pushed the horses onward.

The ride was long and miserable, and Elaine kept rocking faintly in the saddle, trying to knead the pulsing ache in her crotch away. For a while, she thought maybe the urge was gone, until it suddenly welled again with a vengeance. Sweat prickled on the back of her arms and the humidity felt oppressive around her breasts and crotch.

She jumped in surprise and horror when a hot squirt escaped her.

"Fine, I'll take the bait. What... favors would it take for you to let me go?"

"You have nothing to bargain with but the gold. If I want something from you, I'll take it."

She bit her lip and stared out on the blank, endlessly brimming horizon. She didn’t want to give him the pleasure of hearing her beg, but it was getting harder and harder to bite back the pleas.

She simmered, shrinking in the saddle, determined to wait it out.

She wished it didn't feel like her legs were trembling under the weight of her need.

After what felt like endless drawn-out hours on the prairie, Branson halted his horse. But it wasn't to let her down.

It took everything in her not to start spewing curses at him.

He was getting down to take a piss himself.

They stopped beside a tree and he sauntered up to it, undid his trousers, and relieved himself, without so much as a sidelong glance at her.

"Fuck you," she finally shouted, feeling her bladder lurch at the sound of piss streaming.

He scoffed a little laugh.

When they got back on the trail she bit her lip and rocked. She could feel his smugness as they plodded along.

"I'll piss here," her voice sounded like she might start crying. "Just let me down."

He looked back at her with disinterest.

This time, when another humiliating squirt escaped her, his eyes were on her as it did, and it made her start unraveling.

"Look, I'm begging you, just let me go."

"If you've got to go, you’re going to have to go on yourself," he said simply, and turned his attention back to the trail.

So that was it, then. He really was going to humiliate her this way.

There was an undeniable damp patch growing at the crotch of her trousers.

"Please." She hated the girlish desperation in her voice. He looked back at her, and she wished she hadn't begged. His eyes locked right on her crotch this time, and the tiny wet spot there. Now he knew as well as her that it was coming, and it was urgent.

He stopped and turned his horse fully to face her.

Her every limb was trembling. "Just let me down. I'll be all of a few seconds, and then I'll do anything you want. I'll ride your dick if you want."

"Anything but tell me where all your ill-gotten gain is?"

She swallowed. "Anything but that."

There was a long silence.

"Please," she repeated in a whisper.

But he didn't budge.

He turned his horse back to the trail.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she whimpered. The blossom of wet heat at her crotch was burgeoning, and any second she knew she’d lose her hold and it would start trickling.

She tried, as hard as she could, to clench her legs against the saddle, to press her pussy into the leather and forget the pulsing urge.

But she knew there was no way in hell she was going to make it to Atlantic City.

And once she got there, she was sure he'd drag out getting her through town and into a cell. He seemed bound and determined to torment her.

It was no use.

She bit back a sob and felt the hot wet spot spread and then stop. She teetered on the edge.

She tried one last time. "I'll give you whatever you want except—"

He was focused straight ahead. "I don't want anything other than the location of everything you've stolen."

She swallowed back her tears and held the tide back for a last breathless second, her heartbeat pounding in her ears.

The bubble burst and she lost control.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck," she whimpered.

The blossom spread and then trickled down her trouser legs.

She bit back a sob and pissed herself uncontrollably.

The hot rivulets spread in her trousers and spread down her legs.

And of course, just then, he stopped to look back at her.

