Day of Desperation

Author: Victoria Seanna

The day started out good, Sunday's are our lazy day where we get to sleep in then later on run to the grocery store to pick a few things up. Other than that we just watch TV, relax and mentally prepare ourselves for the work week ahead. It was really our last day of freedom for the next few weeks because we're both taking time off work so we can go on vacation. That meant I had a ton of work to do before I left so it wouldn't be waiting for me when I got back. I wasn't looking forward to that at all and was going to take full advantage of today.

I woke up just before Josh and the bed was all nice and cozy. I snuggled up to him and waited for him to wake up. There was plenty of time, all I really had to do today was grab some groceries. That could wait awhile, I was happy right where I was. I started mentally going over the list of things we had to do before leaving, I knew it off by heart but there's always something that gets forgotten. It's happened a few times already and my To Do list keeps getting longer. Funny, the same thing keeps happening with my list of things to pack for our vacation. 

It seems like you don't need much at first then before you know it there's a mountain looking back at you. I didn't want to get stressed out over it so ran through the lists a couple of time then let my mind wander to the part I was looking forward to the most. I thought about all the fun we're going to have at Niagara Falls and my mind kept going back to one specific fantasy I had that we were finally going to make a reality. I slid my hand over his stomach, resting it on his bladder as I thought of him desperate for the bathroom. I'd suggest going for a walk by the Falls and he'd have to hold it while all that water rushed past him. My pussy tightened at the thought and I smiled as pressed my thighs together. 

I stroked his stomach and began giving his neck little kisses, trying to ease him into waking up. Part of me wanted a morning quickie but we'd agreed to hold off on playing too much before our trip. We wanted it to be action packed if you know what I mean. I wasn't sure we'd be able to stick to that but I was willing to give it a go. I kept touching him and after a minute he began to stir then absentmindedly kissed me on the cheek.

"Hey sleepyhead, time to get up." I whispered in his ear, giving his morning wood a playful squeeze. He moaned and gently pushed my hand away.

"Mmm, not now, gotta pee." he mumbled and pushed back the covers.

I watched as he stumbled to the bathroom and fought the urge to tell him to hold it awhile and get back into bed with me. I knew it would be even better once anticipation had time to build. The only enjoyment I got was knowing that he'd be holding his piss for a couple of minutes while he brushed his teeth, he always had to do that first. I heard the taps turn on but a loud screeching sound broke through. There was a deep rattling noise and I heard Josh yell "Shit! What the hell? Ugh, I think the pipes are fucked again.". I got out of bed to see what was going on and found him standing in front of the sink, twisting the taps back and forth. We've had problems with the pipes before so it wasn't a big shock it was happening but it was one headache I didn't want to deal with right now.

"What's wrong?" I asked and he just shrugged.

"I don't know, the pipes are fucked again. Do you still have the plumber’s number?" he asked and I told him I’d go and find it.

I called the plumber while Josh went to shut off the water and decided to cough up the extra cash it was going to cost to have him come out on a Sunday. I wanted it fixed as soon as possible, there's no way we could go without water for too long. I told Josh what was going on but I don't know how much he was listening to me. His need to piss was distracting him, he kept shifting around and looked irritated.

"Hello? Are you listening?" I told him as I realized I was feeling quite full myself.

"Yes, the plumber's coming over soon." he said and couldn't keep the exasperation out of his voice.

"Okay, great, thank you for listening. So, how bad do you have to go?" I asked, dying to know.

"I don't know, about a six maybe. I'm full but it's not too uncomfortable." he replied and I felt the same way.

"Me too. Hopefully it won't take too long to fix. Come on, I'll make us some breakfast." I told him and he followed me to the kitchen.

I made us some eggs and toast while he made coffee. We ate as we talked about our upcoming trip and I saw a glint of arousal flash in his eyes as we talked about the piss desperation fun we were going to have. Just the thought of holding while standing next to a place like the Falls was enough to get my pussy aching. I talked about making him sit there, maybe having lunch and of course lots of cold water to keep us hydrated. Oh I'm so evil making him think of that while our bladders were getting fuller by the second. I knew he was getting hard; that should help a bit with holding. I decided to give him a hand and suggested going in the living room to watch a movie while waiting for the plumber to arrive.

He turned on the TV and we snuggled up on the couch. His arm was around my shoulder and I slid my hand down to his lap. My fingers trailed over his bulge and I began rubbing him through his pants. He moaned and leaned back as I gently kneaded his bulge. I was tempted to tug his pants down and reach inside but didn’t want to get him too excited. I wanted him hard, torn between cumming or pissing and I wanted him that way for as long as possible. His dick felt rock hard through his tented pants and I added a little squeeze as I rubbed him. He put his hand on top of mine and he pushed upwards, trying to get more from me but failing.

"Maybe tonight we can take care of this." I said as the need to piss grew stronger. My bladder felt heavy and pressure was starting to build.

"Or right now, we have time before the plumber gets here." he replied but I wanted to wait a bit longer.

"Have some patience, besides he could show up at any time and we don't want to keep him waiting. We can only hold so long you know." I told him as I put my other hand over his bladder and gently pushed down, making him wince.

"I can probably wait another hour or two, what about you?" he asked and there was a knock at the door before I could answer.

We both froze for a second like a couple of naughty troublemakers who'd just been caught and I told him I'd answer it so he'd have time to lose his hard on. I couldn't believe the plumber had gotten here so quickly, he was definitely earning his pay. I opened the door to let him in and showed him to the bathroom. He looked things over and told me it would take a couple of hours to fix and that the water was going to be shut off for the whole time. I told him that was fine and left him to work while I went back to Josh.

"Hey, the plumber's working and the water's going to be off for awhile so guess this is going to have to wait." I told him as I poked his bladder, making him wince.

He looked at me knowing full well that he could still piss but that we both wanted him to hold it. I was tempted to hold as well but also wanted to torture him a bit by pissing in front of him. I listened and could hear the plumber busy in the bathroom so I grabbed Josh's hand and made him follow me into the kitchen. I left him standing in the middle of the room and opened the cupboards, looking for a large clear measuring cup. I put it down the floor then tugged down my pyjama bottoms and kicked them off. I stood over the measuring cup, checked to make sure I was in a good spot and looked at him. I kept eye contact as I slid a hand down to my pussy and slipped two fingers inside. I used my other hand to lightly rub my stomach and got a rush as he ran his eyes over me. His gaze darted from my spread legs to my pussy and my bladder. I wanted to draw it out and have some fun but didn't want the plumber accidentally catching us.

He was only down the hall and if he did come out of the bathroom I probably wouldn't have time to get my bottoms back on. The naughtiness of the possibility of  getting caught was enough for me. I spread my lips apart as I stroked myself then squeezed my bladder muscles. The pressure increased for a second then a small stream of piss began to trickle out. It was slow at first and the sound of my piss hitting the measuring cup sounded loud in the silent room. I wondered if the plumber could hear it as I started pissing harder. It came out of me in a loud, heavy stream and Josh rubbed his crotch as he watched. Piss splashed over my fingertips, dripping down my palms.

It was warm and I wiggled my fingers, getting them covered in piss. I moaned as the pressure inside me lessened and I clenched my muscles tightly, forcing the last drops out. I slid my fingers out of my pussy and put them up to my mouth. I licked them one by one as he watched, his eyes glazing over with arousal. He was dying to fuck me and I wanted it just as bad as he did but there would be time for that later. I flicked my tongue over my fingers one last time then took a step back. I grabbed my pyjama bottoms and put them back on before picking up the measuring cup. It was nearly full and I showed it off to Josh.

"Bet you're so full of piss you'd overflow this thing. Too bad you have to wait." I said, reminding him of his desperation.

He scowled at me and was probably hoping his hard dick would help buy him some time before his need to go got worse. I put it down on the counter and left it there for him to deal with as I told him I was going to get the groceries and I'd be back soon. I went to the bedroom to get dressed and on my way out I saw him sitting in the living room watching TV. I reminded him in a whisper that he wasn't allowed to piss until I got back and gave him permission to go and he promised he wouldn't. I asked how he was doing and he said he was a seven and a half by now. Good, he'd be bursting by the time I got back and the plumber left. I knew he'd make it, we've done this game before and he's very good at holding. He knows what I like and how to make me happy.

I always pay close attention to guys when I'm out shopping, you never know what you're going to see. Maybe a cute guy or some guy checking me out. It's fun but the best one is seeing a guy who's dying to piss and is doing his best to hide it. Some guys are really good at it, you'd never know they're bursting and leaking into their underwear but then there's the other ones. The best ones, the sexy ones, the ones who make my pussy soaking wet; the ones who are so close to losing control and pissing themselves in public that they've forgotten they're in public and give away obvious signs of their worsening desperation. I live for those little glimpses of wincing and squeezing their thighs together or the crotch grab they think no one notices. Well I do, I see all of them. I didn't at first and I'd spend hours wandering around stores wishing I could just see a real life moment of desperation.

I was so excited the first time I saw one, it was a guy in his late 20s and I thought he was just being rude at first because he nearly knocked me over trying to get in front of me at the check out line. I was about to bitch him out but then I saw the look on his face. He looked so nervous and a bit scared. I couldn't figure out what was wrong at first and kept watching him. 

He was biting his bottom lip and his hand was in his pocket. He was leaning over slightly and tapping his foot. It hit me all of sudden, just like the piss was hitting him and I knew what was wrong. He had to piss! Oh my God! A rush went through me as I stared at him, trying to guess how bad he needed to go. Definitely a 7, bad enough to show signs but there was still a bit of time before true panic set in. I couldn't take my eyes off him as my pussy tightened and got wet. I wish the cashier wasn't moving so fast, I wanted more time with him. Way too soon he paid for his items and left me there horny as hell. 

He had no idea what he'd done to me but after that I was hooked. I had seen piss desperation in person and now had a better idea of what to look for. From then on every time I was out in public I was scanning the men looking for the ones who could give me what I wanted.

Thanks to that guy I can now spot them instantly and that's exactly what happened this morning. I now constantly check guys out to see if they're desperate, it happens automatically and I don't even realize what I'm doing until I feel a thrum by my pussy and a spreading tightness. That grabs my attention and I focus in on what my mind has caught. This time it was a cute guy next door type who was shopping with his girlfriend. He was doing the typical hand in pocket and moving from foot to foot thing as she wandered ahead of him completely oblivious to what was going on with him. She was going on and on about something and every few seconds he'd murmur 'Hmm, hmm, yeah.". He didn't give a shit what she was saying, he had more important things on his mind and only I knew what they were.

A sexy, naughty feeling went through me, I know I shouldn't be enjoying this but I can't help it. I thought of Josh all alone back home and wondered how he was doing. His bladder filling by the second, he must be at an 8 by now. I wished I was with him but this surprise desperation spotting was a nice treat. I started following them, trying to act discreet and casual. They went to a bin full of apples and while his girlfriend was picking a few out he took the opportunity to give his dick a quick squeeze through his jeans. It didn't look like it helped him any because he was still gnawing on his lip and going from foot to foot. I wish I was the one squeezing him as I told him to keep on holding, that he wasn't allowed to go until I said so. 

If I was his girlfriend and saw him desperate to piss I'd be taking my sweet time shopping on purpose just to force him into holding for longer. Thank God I have Josh to play with but sometimes I think it would be nice if we had another person to join us or maybe I could have a side piece. I knew Josh would be fine with that, it just isn't something that's happened. They started walking down another aisle and I kept up my pursuit, staying just a couple of feet behind them. I thought of all that piss inside him and wondered how much his bladder was bulging. The waistband of his jeans must be pressing against it, making the pressure worse. I got a fun idea and did something I've never done before during voyeurism. I joined in.

I wandered over to them, pretending to be looking at the boxes of cereal but keeping him in view. I then stepped in front of him with a quick "Excuse me." and grabbed a box before accidentally on purpose hitting him with my elbow as I brought the box down. I think I aimed pretty good, it managed to knock his lower stomach and I heard him take a deep breath. Did he leak a little bit?

Was there a small drop of piss slowly spreading across the front of his underwear? I hope there was. I let out a little laugh and said "Oh my God, I'm so sorry about that." and hoped he didn't hear the lie or the excitement in my voice. His voice was strained as he replied "No problem." and took a step away from me. I gave him one last look then made myself continue on.

I kept thinking of him as I finished my shopping and saw him as I began heading to the checkout line. He was already loading his groceries back into the cart while his girlfriend was paying for them. His jaw was clenched tight and he was trying to get the bags in there as quick as he could.

He was probably going through what he had to do before he got home; load the car up, put the cart back in the corral, drive for God knows how long and who knows how bad traffic is, carry the groceries inside and then finally, finally getting to the bathroom. Oh God, I wanted to stop him so bad and I tried to think of some excuse to go over there. 'Oh sorry but could you help me carry my groceries to the car?' Nah, maybe 'Hey, do you know where the nearest ATM is' Ugh, I hate this, I can never come up with something good. I decided to forget about him and move on, there would be lots of other opportunities, there always were. It's amazing how many moments of piss desperation you get to see when you start looking for them. I took one last look at him as he and his girlfriend walked out the door then began off loading my cart.

I paid the cashier, grabbed my bags then went to my car. I saw him again and my pussy tightened as I realized they were parked just a few cars down from mine. Their groceries had been put away and I heard him say to his girlfriend "I'll just put this away." as she got in the car. I watched him quickly start walking away, pushing the cart in front of him but saw him going in the opposite direction of the cart corral. It looked like he was heading for the side of the building and I tossed my bags in the trunk so I could follow him.

I kept a few feet behind him as he walked briskly, keeping his legs together as much as possible. He shoved the cart to the side of the parking lot and one of his hands disappeared in front of him. I knew he was grabbing his dick and wished I could see it, that's one of the best parts aside from the moaning. He turned the corner and I waited a couple of seconds before peeking around it. He was tugging at his zipper with one hand while squeezing his dick with the other. 

I could hear him cursing under his breath and my pussy juices soaked my panties. I bit my bottom lip as finally got it down and he jerked his dick out right as he started pissing. He groaned as it loudly splashed against the wall, spraying everywhere. He tilted his head back and looked like he was in sheer bliss as it kept coming out of him. I couldn't take my eyes off him and watched as his stream slowed down then stopped. He gave his dick a couple of shakes then tucked himself back in his jeans.

I knew it was time for me to make a quick exit but I didn't move. I loved what I had just seen and wasn't ready to go, I didn't care if he saw me. He was the one who was pissing in public so who was he to complain? I leaned against the side of the building as he zipped up his jeans and turned around. He froze when he saw me and I smiled at him as my hand lazily trailed down to my pussy, making it clear I was turned on.

"Oh shit, sorry." he stammered as his face turned bright red.

"Don't worry about it." I told him as I licked my lips and kept eye contact with him.

He looked unsure about what to do, he was embarrassed as hell but he couldn't help but notice the way I was looking at him. I guess it's confusing, how many women find guys pissing to be the sexiest thing in the world? Hell, he probably didn't even know it was a thing. I laughed as I told him to relax and take out his phone so I could give him my number. He asked why, like he thought I was trying to trick him.

"I like what I saw and I think you like what you see. Maybe you could give me a repeat performance sometime?" I replied as I gave him my sexiest smile and gave my pussy a little stroke through my clothes.

He took out his phone and I gave him my number then told him I was serious about having a little piss fun. His girlfriend would never know and I could show him how good it can feel to hold your piss with a sexy lady. He snorted at that and I said I was serious, didn't it feel amazing just now when you pissed? You could feel that all the time and now imagine what it would be like to have my hands or lips around you while you were desperately trying to hold on? A blush spread across his cheeks and I knew he was thinking about. I had just introduced him to the joys of piss desperation and his curiosity was going to get the better of him. I told him to hurry back to his girlfriend before she came looking for him but to give me a call when he wanted to try something a little kinky. He walked away and I waited for a minute before heading back to my car. This day was just getting better and I still had Josh with his bursting bladder waiting for me.

When I got home I found Josh still on the couch but things had progressed to a much better place. I wanted to go to him so badly but I ignored him while I put the groceries away because I wanted to give him my full attention. I quickly put the food away then practically ran to the living room. I could hear the plumber still working and my heart thumped in my chest as I jumped on the couch beside Josh. He was sitting there in the sexiest pose ever. He was leaning forward with his legs shut tight together and a hand jammed between them. He was clutching his dick for dear life and he was gnawing on his lip as he rocked back and forth. He need to piss so bad and my pussy was aching like crazy. Mmm, this is my favourite part of desperation. I wondered if he'd leaked yet and reached for his zipper.

"Don't! He's still here!" he frantically whispered to me and I told him not to worry.

I popped open the button at the top of his jeans and had to pry his hand out of his crotch so I could get the zipper down. I pushed open the sides of the jeans and saw a golfball sized wet spot on the front of his boxers. He was jiggling his knees up and down and I knew he was at a 10 but teased him by asking how bad he needed to go.

"10! A fucking 10!" he replied through gritted teeth and I had to stop him from grabbing his dick again.

"Oh, poor thing. Let me take care of you, just hold on a little bit longer." I said, encouraging him as I slipped my hand into his boxers.

I took his dick out, it was red from being squeezed so hard and the head was shiny from piss. I wrapped my hand around it and let out a soft sigh as the weight of it filled my palm. I slowly began to stroke him, going up and down in slow steady movements. He whimpered as he said he had to piss too badly, this wasn't going to help, stop touching him because he was about to go. I ignored him and kept jerking him off while he dug his fingernails into his thighs. His dick hardened lightly and I went a bit faster. I knew he wasn't going to last long but I was horny as hell and wasn't going to do without just because he had to piss. He moaned as his arousal wakened and it was just a matter of time before his need to cum was fighting with his need to piss. He breathed a little faster and his body eased up as he fought the oncoming piss flood. I knew he was focused on what I was doing to try and help hold and I gave a little twist so my thumb rubbed against his head as I stroked him. 

There was a clatter and my hand squeezed his dick as I froze for a second. I listened carefully and thought I could hear footsteps coming down the hall. I quickly let go of Josh and went to the hallway where I found the plumber. He smiled and said he was done, the water was back on and it should be all good now. I thanked him for coming out on a Sunday and walked him to the front door, making sure that I was on the right side so I could block the view of the living room. God only knows what state Josh was in or what he was doing to keep himself from pissing everywhere. I shut the door behind him and went back to him, ready to give him some relief in more ways than one as well as take care of my now soaking wet and aching pussy.

He looked worn out and his hand was pumping his dick like he was about to rip it off. I went over to him as he moaned "Babe, I really need to piss." in the sexiest voice ever. He sounded like he was on the edge and couldn't take it anymore. I didn't even bother getting undressed, I just lifted up my dress and pulled down my panties. I told him to lie back and he shifted on the couch, trying to lie down while moving as little as possible. I climbed on top of him and immediately began to lower myself on his dick. It pushed past my lips and slid inside, going deeper and deeper. He was hissing under me, the pressure of me on top of him was only making things worse. I asked if he was okay and he nodded. I pushed down and got the last inch of dick buried in my pussy. I stayed still for a second and enjoyed the feel of him as he started trying to rush me.

"Come on, I have to go so bad. You have no idea, I haven't pissed since last night. I think I'm going to burst." he whined.

"I know, it must feel so heavy. Is it sloshing around inside of you, trying to get out?" I asked as I wiggled on him.

"Ugh, it's going to come out soon. I don't think I can cum." he said as I began to ride him.

He laid under me as I moved up and down, going at a steady pace. My pussy was so wet I could feel it dripped down my inner thighs and the sound of his desperation only made it worse. I closed my eyes and told him to tell me how full he was and how bad he needed to go. I listed as he begged me to piss, he couldn't take it anymore, please, he could feel piss pushing against his tip, it hurt so much. I put my hand over my pussy as I kept moving and slid two fingers inside. I pressed them against my clit and furiously rubbed as I rode his dick. I was so wet my fingers were sliding all over the place and I could feel my pussy muscles contracting. My pussy was clenched tightly around him and he saw I was close to cumming. 

He urged me to cum and lightly thrust his hips up in the gentlest movement he could manage. My body was tensing up and I increased the pressure on my clit, forcing myself to cum. I cried out as spasms went through me and I lost my breath. For a few seconds I was motionless and as it passed I took my hand away. I wiped my fingers clean on his shirt and gently got off him so I wouldn't jostle his bladder too much. That quickie was good enough to satisfy me for a bit, we could take our time later on. Right now he needed to be taken care of.

"I don't think I can make it to the bathroom." he said, already curling up in a ball and holding his dick.

"Can you even piss with it that hard?" I asked, running a fingertip around his head and getting my pussy juices and his piss over it.

"Yeah, I'm gonna piss no matter what." he replied before crying out "Oh shit!" as a spurt of piss shot out of him.

I looked around for something he could piss in but there was nothing around. He'd waited long enough and we have hardwood floors so I didn't bother looking elsewhere and told him to go. He ignored me and tried to get off the couch but I sat beside, taking his dick into my hand. I rubbed his back with my other hand and told him to just let go, it didn't matter. He strained for a minute and nothing happened which only made him frustrated. I let him swear and moan then took my hand off his back and leaned over so it could reach his bladder. I kept holding his dick as I pressed down on it, making him gasp.

A second later he started pissing on the floor, it came out in a loud, long stream. It sprayed everywhere, making the floor a soaking wet mess. I could feel the piss going through his dick, making it move against my palm and I groaned as I told him how fucking hot he was. He was moaning loudly and breathing like he was being suffocated. The piss kept coming out of him, there was no end in sight. All that piss had been building up since last night, now there was hours of it and it was coming all at once. It sounded like rain as it hit the hardwood floor and drops of it splashed around. I held him as he let it out and after an eternity he was finally finished.

He flopped backwards on the couch, he was worn out and I knew his bladder was feeling strained. I love that feeling too, maybe next time I'll have the restraint to do a little holding too. There's nothing better than full bladder sex, the urgency and the pressure mixes in the hottest way. I snuggled up to him as his dick softened in my hand and I told him about the guy I'd seen at the grocery store. That got his attention but he didn't say anything, he just mumbled something under his breath. He was still trying to get himself together and I stayed with him. 

