MIDNIGHT MOVIE MADNESS AT THE MALL

Author: William Abbott

It's OK for a story to be a little edgy, but if I start feeling too sorry for my characters, it can be a turn-off. (Or worse still, it can leave me physically aroused but not feeling good about it.)

The two women in this story aren't into desperation. Having to go isn't sexy for them, though it is for me, and I find myself walking a fine line here to keep the frantic urgency without having the story be about frustration or humiliation. It's a delicate balance, kind of like not using too much salt when you make soup. I sweeten the tone of this one by giving them a good strong friendship and enough self-esteem that they can laugh about life's occasional mishaps.

Phoebe and Becca have been best friends all through college, and to celebrate this last week of summer before their last year of school, they decided this morning to put on bathing suits under their clothes and drive for an hour to spend the day swimming and lying out on the beach. When the sun went down, they found a seafood stand and had fried clam rolls for dinner, and now they’re finishing up their outing by taking in a campy science fiction classic at the summer’s very last Friday night “Midnight Movie Madness at the Mall.”

Phoebe is petite with olive skin, dark eyes, and long, straight hair that’s almost black. She wears a micro-mini dress that only just barely covers her—so short that she has to be very careful about bending over or crouching down. It has wide, bold red and white stripes and is made from a slinky knit fabric that clings like a second skin to every curve of her body. And Phoebe does have some curves, even slender as she is. The knit is stretched over the swell of her small breasts (small enough that she hardly ever wears a bra).

It faithfully follows the slight roundness of her belly revealing the dimple of her belly button, and in back it hugs the delicious, squeezable cheeks of her tiny but round buttocks, nestling into the crevice between them. She was smart enough to bring along to the beach a red satin thong to change into after swimming. No panty lines on this woman, no sir-eee. On her feet, at the very end of those legs, bare for their entire length, she wears sandals with wedge heels. A tiny purse on a thin shoulder strap completes the ensemble.

Becca has shoulder-length, kinky-wiry blonde hair—so blonde that her eyebrows are almost invisible—and her skin is a little pink in spite of all the sunblock she slathered on. She’s taller than Phoebe, though still only five-and-a-half feet. Her breasts are larger and her bottom is rounder. She dressed for comfort this morning in cutoffs, tee shirt, and flip-flops, but she hadn’t thought to bring a change of underwear. Her still-damp one-piece bathing suit is rolled up along with Phoebe’s bikini in a sandy towel on the back seat of the car, leaving her very casual indeed, with nothing on under her frayed denim shorts and braless under her tee shirt. It’s not immediately obvious; the shirt is dark gray, the cloth fairly thick, and her nipples don’t poke out especially. But you might notice from behind the absence of bra straps under the shirt, and if you watch her long enough from in front you’ll catch the occasional sway, even a slight jiggle when she moves.

And she’s going to be moving quite a lot very soon.

They stand in line at the theater for a monster sized popcorn to share. Sodas come in small, medium, large, and “Big Gulp.” That last is only 25(f more than the large, and it’s almost twice the size. Feeling parched from salty fried clams and from lying in the sun all day, they each go for the max. It’s almost too much to carry as they make their way into the theater and settle in their seats near the back.

This week’s camp classic is The Man Who Fell to Earth with a very young David Bowie. The lights go dark, they munch their popcorn and giggle, and down their sodas greedily, their straws slurping in the ice at the bottom. Phoebe has her legs crossed before the movie is half over. The extended “director’s cut” is almost three hours long, and by the end of it, she’s progressed to sitting on her heel and then to surreptitiously gripping herself in the dark. By the time the credits roll, she’s knocking her knees together with both hands in her crotch. Next to her, Becca has been squirming in her seat for the last hour, and by now she’s gritting her teeth and bouncing up and down. And yes, jiggling.

People are already standing as the lights come up, shuffling slowly towards the exit. As Becca stands, she leans close to Phoebe and whispers, “Let’s get out of here. I’m dying, I’ve gotta pee so bad.”

“Oh God, me too!” says Phoebe. “My bladder’s about to explode!”

But the theater is crowded and they are almost all the way at the back. Becca can’t even get out into the aisle yet. She hops from foot to foot and mutters quietly, “Come on, people! I have to goooo!” but the crowd is moving with all the speed of a glacier.

Phoebe, behind her, finds it better at the moment to stand very still. She can’t really grip herself now, with the lights up, but she discovers if she leans forward, she can press her pubic bone against the hard rim of the seat back in front of her. It’s at almost exactly the right height, and it helps. She clamps down, squeezes as tight as she can with all the muscles around her pelvis, then relaxes just the tiniest bit and then squeezes again. If you were behind her, you might notice that her buttocks stand out under the clingy fabric of that oh-so-short dress, every little tensing of the muscles visible as they clench, grind, clench.

There are two exits, and Phoebe notices that only one of them has the big traffic jam. She touches Becca’s arm, tugs on the sleeve of her tee shirt, and points to the exit on the far side. “Why don’t we go that way,” she says.

“Oh!” says Becca. “Yeah!” Phoebe crabwalks, sidling down the row to the other isle with Becca jigging and bobbing after her. And yes, bouncing.

Really nice bouncing.

I’m sorry—where was I? Oh, yes: There is a couple blocking their way near the end, taking their time about getting up and leaving. Becca, in her cutoffs, clambers into the next row, hopping over the seats as if they were monkey bars. Phoebe wants to follow but knows she can’t in this dress. She’d almost certainly wind up flashing hare panties—for that matter, flashing her beautiful bare butt with nothing on down there but a thong. No-can-do. So she shifts her weight, rocks from her heels to the balls of her feet, her thighs pressed tightly together. “Excuse me,” she says. The man apologizes, the woman clucks her tongue in annoyance, but they get up and Phoebe squeezes past. The man leans back as far as he can, but Phoebe’s bottom is still only an inch away from brushing against the front of his pants. She doesn’t notice. She moves past and hurries down the aisle to catch up with Becca.

They reach the exit door and burst through

—no one at all on this side of the theater—and out into the empty corridor beyond. “Oh my God!” says Becca as soon as they’re alone, her voice loud in the stark, bare corridor, “I am literally about to pee in my pants.” The two of them run now, flip-flops and sandals echoing against the cement floor. “That scene where David Bowie comes out of the bedroom and his girlfriend sees he’s a Martian,” says Becca, “and she’s so scared she pees herself, and they zoom in on the pee running down her leg... I swear I nearly wet myself right then, seeing her go.”

“Ohhhhhhh, don’t talk about it!” begs Phoebe. “You’re making it worse!” They’re alone now, so she’s got a hand her crotch again, reaching up under her skirt and hobbling along behind as Becca skips and dances (and sways and bounces) down the hall.

They reach the end, slam against the push bar to heave open the door, and rush out...but where are they? As the door closes behind them with a Ka-THUNK, they realize this exit didn’t take them out to the theater lobby like they’d expected, but back out into the main concourse of the mall.

Phoebe swears, loudly. She turns to run back in, but the door behind them is locked. Actually, it’s beyond locked; it’s a featureless, unmarked rectangle of metal without even a handle.

“No no no!” says Becca. “Oh God, no!” She runs up to the door, bangs on it with the flat of her hand, feels around the edge of it with her fingers, all the while standing there on one leg, gyrating like a dancer. “No no noooooooo!” She bends over double. Presses her hands together as if praying and clamps them between her thighs. Rocks back and forth. Moans, “What am I gonna doooo? I have to goooooooo!!”

Phoebe is biting her lip, her forehead wrinkled with distress. She has her legs crossed and is slowly twisting her whole body tighter and tighter like a wet rag. “There have gotta be more bathrooms,” she says. “There are. I remember. By the food court.” She starts to run.

“Ohhhh,” says Becca, scurrying after her, “I hope I make it.”

They pass the theater entrance. Of course, the big open foyer is closed off now by a sliding mesh door, locked up tight for the night.

They keep running. Past darkened shops. More locked mesh gates. Glass doors hermetically sealed.

And Becca feels herself leak. It’s just a spurt, but her crotch is suddenly very hot. She stops to double over again, fighting with all her strength to regain control. She looks up to see a huge topiary, an ornate planting with potted trees twenty feet high. “Hey, look,” she jokes, “bushes.”

Phoebe stops and stares. “Are you serious?” she says. She looks around nervously—left, right, ahead, behind—at the vast, empty concourse. It’s crazy. In the middle of the mall? But she’s in pain. She makes a decision. “I will if you will.”

Becca laughs. “No. J.K.,” she says. And she’s off and running again, the dampness at her crotch beginning to cool. The image is vivid in her mind, though: pulling down her pants in the middle of the empty mall, hopping up to sit on the lip of the topiary, her cutoffs around her knees, her butt hanging an inch or two above the bark mulch... Yeah, right. Even at three in the morning, even with (apparently) the whole mall to themselves... No, she’ll pee in her pants before she’d do that. She tries to shake the image from her head, focuses on running without jouncing her bladder too much... but then she sees a trash can, a squat cylinder a couple of feet across with a circular hole in the middle, which gives her another image... and tells herself no way no way no way hurry hurry hurry!

The escalators have stopped for the night, but they barely notice that they aren’t moving as they run down them to the basement-level food court. Run past the juice kiosk, curtained. Run past Friendly’s and Subway and McDonald’s and

Sbaro’s Pizza, all dark and empty. Run to the darkened recess at the very back. Run up to the door that says “WOMEN.”

Phoebe grabs the handle.

Pulls the handle.

Pulls harder.

Roars in frustration.

Becca, her eyes wide with horror, runs up to “MEN” and finds it, also, unyielding. She tugs and tugs and tugs, crying out, “Damn it! Damn it damn it damn it!!!”

She squirts again. Her cold wet crotch is hot and even wetter now. She crosses her legs, grabbing herself and squeezing with both hands, pushing her fingers up under the frayed hem of her cutoffs, up past the wiry pubic hair and into the slippery wet folds of her vulva to regain control, hopping up and down all the while. Her boobs are bouncing in her shirt again —spectacularly—but no one sees. And if they did, it isn’t the first thing they’d notice.

Phoebe has her eyes squeezed closed, her jaw clenched, head tipped back, holding her body very still. Holding. Holding.

Becca moans, “I’m gonna pee all over the floooooooooor!”

Phoebe flaps one of her hands in Becca’s direction, wishing her friend would stop talking about it. Her other hand is clenched in a fist, clenched along with the rest of her body, clenched like a steel spring. “There’s another bathroom,” she says. “Upstairs, I’m sure of it. A little one, up at the other end, just past Filene’s.”

Becca had been half-considering just squatting in the corner—They lock the damn bathrooms, they deserve to have to mop up pee— but Phoebe takes off, and Becca runs after her. Running helps. As long as she keeps running, she probably won’t pee.

Much.

Much more.

She catches up to Phoebe halfway up the stationary escalator.

“I’m wet,” says Becca when they reach the top. She feels damp and squishy, but it’s probably not enough to show. Or is it?

“Don’t tell me!” says Phoebe. “You’re making it worse!”

The food court is in the center of the mall, the theater was back at one end and Filene’s is all the way at the other. Phoebe has slowed to a halfrun, half-walk, afraid of toppling on her heels and afraid of what else would happen if she did lose her balance and take a tumble. Mandy skips and dances alongside her.

“Ow ow ooowwww,” Moans Phoebe. “I have to go so bad it hurts.” Her hand is on her crotch again, pushing up the hem of her dress, showing her bare hips and a little of her naked butt. “Do you think it’s actually possible for your bladder to burst?”

“I don’tk now ...Oh God l’m gonna peeing my pants”/

A small mercy: The fountains have been shut down for the night. They still give the pools of clear water a wide berth. “Becca under her breath: “Oh God oh God oh God...”
