Drunken Pee Problems

By QuackDuck (2022-07-08)

“Hurry up!” Izzy slurred drunkenly, marching in place as she knocked frantically on the bathroom door. Her shirt reached below her knees, so she stuck her hands in it’s middle between her thighs to press against her vagina. She crossed her legs and bobbed up and down. “Ohh, I really have to go… You’ve been in there forever! What are you doing in there!?”

Hunched over the toilet bowl was Hazel, hand stuck in the front of her underwear squeezing her pussy. The other end was the slightly more pressing matter at the moment, but below the nausea was a bladder so tight and full of liquid that it felt ready to bust. She squirmed constantly, unable to find a position that didn’t put pressure against the stretched-thin walls of her overfull urinary organ. “Ugh! I’ll be out in a minute!” she yelled.

“I can’t wait a minute!” she retorted, jiggling the doorknob again. Suddenly, she lurched forward and couldn’t stifle a squeak of surprise, her bladder contracting and her urge to urinate spiking in intensity. “Oooh fuck fuck fuck… I’m dying, Hazel, please!” She wasn’t wearing any underwear, so when a little bit of pee squirted out, it leaked down her thigh and directly wet her pajama bottoms. “Ooooh, I pee’d…” She winced, dancing around frantically and grimacing in discomfort. “I pee’d… Hazel, I-I’m not kidding, I pee’d a little bit in my pants just now…”

“That’s great, Iz!” an annoyed Hazel replied, squirming her vagina into her heel. She felt like she was going to throw up at any moment, but she was really considering just sitting down and peeing. She needed to urinate so badly.

Izzy was convinced she was at maximum capacity. Her bladder was so full of urine, so wracked with urgency, that it was driving her crazy. She was entirely unable to stand still, marching and squishing her thighs together with every leg lift, doubling over, hopping around… She was utterly desperate to piss. Going hand in hand with the discomfort, though, was an odd sense of titillation. Maybe it was just the alcohol, but it almost felt kind of good. She bit her lip and stuck her hands down the front of her pants, gripping her damp vagina. No, it felt really good. She was unable to stay still, marching and bending over, squeezing and rubbing her privates, trying to keep it all in.

When Hazel finally threw up the vast quantity of alcohol she’d consumed, the contractions in her gut were enough to push a few squirts of hot pee into the palm of her hand, saturating her underwear. She coughed, spit and groaned, reaching up and flushing the toilet. “That’s so much better…” she mumbled, before grimacing and giving her pussy a tight squeeze. It felt ready to leak some more. She started to get up onto the toilet and dribbled as she tried to stand. She gasped and froze, swaying drunkenly a bit. She pushed her fingers into her crotch, trying to take it slow enough so that she didn’t push any more pee out.

Izzy threw her leg over the arm of the sofa and grinded her crotch into it, grunting and whimpering as she dragged her butt back and forth. Every few seconds, her bulging bladder would contract and she’d lurch forward, overwhelmed from her dire ache to piss. She felt like she was about to cry, but she was getting stimulated in all the right ways. Without warning, it started spurting out. She frantically grabbed at herself and scooted like crazy, a bit of pee continuing to trickle out for a few seconds before she got it to stop. She leapt off the couch and bolted to the bathroom door, banging on it.

“Hazel, please, let me in! Ooh… I’ll use the sink, I don’t care!” she dribbled a bit, making her lurch forward and squeeze her pussy. “Pleaseee… It’s an emergencyyy…” As even more liquid started dribbling out, she looked desperately around the room for an alternate solution. She spotted a plant.

Hazel was in pain, her swollen bladder in a constant state of pulsating agony. She pushed herself to her feet, liquid immediately jetting out and soaking her underwear. Pissing hard, she frantically yanked her shorts down and sat on the toilet, urine splattering on the seat for a second before loudly pattering against the bowl. “Aaahh-“ she moaned, closing her eyes and letting her head drop.

Izzy pulled her big shirt up and her pajama pants down, positioning her ass over the soil. Piss squirted out before she was ready for it, wetting her waistband and getting on the carpet. She stood straight up and grabbed madly at her dribbling pussy, jerking her legs together and writhing desperately. Her urethra ached, begging to be relaxed again. Too drunk and piss desperate to worry about getting cought, she kicked her pants completely off and leaned against the wall, facing the plant and bending her legs. Yellow urine gushed out immediately and splattered against the leaves. “Ahhh-“ she moaned, bliss radiating through her privates and her voiding, overfull bladder.

At that moment, Hazel opened the bathroom door. She was slapped in the face by the sight of her friend’s pale booty cheeks. “What the fuck?” she said.

Izzy gasped and jumped up, gushing through her fingers as she struggled to stop the stream, writhing her hips around and squishing her thighs together. She tried frantically to cover herself up, but not peeing was too demanding of a task. She stumbled drunkenly through the bathroom door and slammed it behind her, leaving a trail of piss. She didn’t have time to turn around and pee normally. She practically fell onto the toilet seat, straddling the back of the bowl, already pissing hard before she even got there. “Ohhh finallyyy…” she groaned, playing with her clitoris as the urine jetted out hard. The sensation was amazing. She shuddered with relief, liquid loudly pattering into the bowl beneath her butt.
