DAY HIKE

Author: William Abbott

Spending time at online forums devoted to female desperation, I was very surprised at how many women there were who liked the same stories I did—stories featuring a woman whose bladder is full to bursting. Many of them wrote about how much they enjoyed pushing themselves to the point where they could barely hold it.

Intrigued, I decided to try writing a character like that.

She really enjoys the feeling of a full bladder, whether it’s while she’s having sex or masturbating or, like today, going for a long solitary hike in the woods. She’s dressed properly for it, with hiking boots over rag wool socks, cargo shorts, and a flannel shirt that’s soft enough not to abrade her nipples if she goes without a bra, and of course in her day pack she has a couple of water bottles. Her bladder is already filling by the time she reaches the trail head—full enough that if she weren’t deliberately holding for fun, she’d definitely stop what she was doing and go pee.

She smiles, savoring the sensation, and with her favorite walking stick in hand, she sets out. There’s a short trail just under three miles that she could easily do in under an hour, and a much longer one with more arduous terrain along a ridge trail. She’s filling up as she walks, starting to feel quite uncomfortable in that sweet, sexy way. When she comes to the fork, she takes one of her water bottles out of her pack, chugs it, and turns to hike up the ridge trail.

She passed a few other hikers down near the trail head, but here on the ridge trail she sees no one. She’s huffing and puffing on the steep uphill. By the time the trail levels out along the ridge her bladder is stretched like a balloon, sending a sexual tingle through her whole body. She’s damp with sweat, and in spite of how bad she already has to pee, she takes out her second water bottle. She sips from it as she walks on.

It’s warmer than she expected; a tee shirt might have been a better choice than long-sleeved flannel. She stops long enough to roll up her sleeves and unbutton her shirt, not taking it off but leaving it flapping open. If she meets anybody on the trail she can quickly pull it closed, but in the mean time she gets to feel the air against breasts. They sway gently with each step.

Her desperation is up to maybe an eight on a scale of one to ten, and holding it in is becoming a strenuous workout for her bladder muscles. She’s not quite to the level of pain yet.

She won’t push it so far as to make it a health concern, though she’s not at all worried about wetting herself. In all her years of playing with desperation, she’s never once in her adult life peed in her pants.

Another half hour and she’s absolutely frantic to pee. She’s close to her limit—maybe a nine out of ten, but there’s a spot up ahead that she really wants to get to before giving in. She rounds a corner and—yes, there it is! A little spur off the trail, leading to an overlook. It’s not marked and it’s easy to miss if you’re not looking for it, but she’s been down it many times.

As soon as she’s out of sight of the main trail, she stops, drops her day pack, and shrugs off her flannel shirt. She is tattooed, a complicated pattern that starts between her shoulder blades and swirls up over her deltoid and down her right arm. Spirals of blue and green hide intricate shapes—leaves, eyes, runic letters, fish, chemical formulae... Highlights of flame colors stand out in the light. She steps out of her shorts and underwear, threading them carefully over her hiking boots. She rolls all of it up to stuff into her pack, then slings it over her shoulder and picks up her walking stick again. Now she’s naked (save for her boots) which is wonderful all by itself, mischievous and free, and she’s also bursting with piss, stretched as tight as she can go.

She walks another hundred yards and then, leaning on her stick, she stops to cross her legs rub her thighs together. It helps... but it’s as much for the benefit of her clit as for her bladder. She’s riding a wave of arousal now, almost as intense as her urgency.

A little further, and she realizes she’s reached a ten. She’s a tough and determined woman with an iron bladder but even she has her limit. It’s so bad now that her bladder actually hurts, and that’s a little too much. She’ll have to let go of at least a tiny bit, though it’ll be incredibly difficult to stop after just a spurt. There in the middle of the trail, she stands with her feet spread wide apart. She’s panting like a weightlifter now, her whole body wound tight like corded steel cable. Ow, ow, ow! She holds it for another minute, teetering on the edge of release, and then lets go for less than a second.

One quick jet, blasting into the ground at her feet, and then she squeezes down as hard as she can, crossing her legs and clenching with all her might. The stream cuts off but her bladder is screaming in protest. She grips herself, hops up and down, then crouches to sit with her crotch pressing on the heel of her boot. After a few seconds, things settle down inside. She reaches a Detente with her bladder. Still desperate, her muscles almost quivering from the effort of holding it in, she walks on.

The trail spur opens out onto an overlook. The trees end a few yards before a cliff that drops off for hundreds of feet. Spread out in front of her now is the entire valley. Pine forest covers the undulating hills for as far as she can see. Mist hugs the valley floor, not yet burned off by the sun. Cars move like ants along a tiny thread of highway. And here she stands, naked in front of all of it, the sun drying the sweat from her bare skin. And, holy mother of God, does she have to piss’

She throws her pack and walking stick to the ground and sits down on the warm smooth granite. Feet toward the cliff edge, she lies back onto moss as soft as down. She raises her knees, plants the soles of her boots flat on the ground, and spreads wide, the sunlight hot against her cunt. She can barely hold it. A couple more minutes and she’ll lose control. She licks her fingers and finds her clit, rubbing in circles, whipping up her desire into a cyclone, a gathering storm ready to crash over her.

She doesn’t want to cum quite yet. She’s holding back... holding it... holding.

And then...

Oh! Oh, Jesus! Oh, God!

The orgasm rocks her whole body like a seizure. Her back arches. Her fingers keep tracing circles, faster and faster, and she cries out like an animal. She’s cumming and cumming and then...

Oh God...

She pisses. She’s still cumming and her piss is jetting out of her, arcing up into the air, sparkling in the sun and shooting out over the edge of the cliff.

She pisses.

And pisses.

And is still cumming.

And pisses.

And cums.

Until finally her fountain slows. Her piss begins to hit the lip of the cliff, then to sprinkle between her legs, and finally to dribble down her labia, following the groove between her cheeks to trickle across the smooth granite under her bottom.

She lies there now, gasping for breath, too weak to move, her naked body baking in the sun. Her eyes drift closed and a smile parts her lips.

