Joanne’s Accidents (1-16)
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1996'01)

The following is a log I've kept based on a close friend's detailed descriptions of her pants and pantie wetting incidents. We have a funny relationship. We flirt and tease, are very open, hug but that's all. I've seen her dressing a few times down to her panties. I have pictures of her in her panties, topless, and getting dressed. I also have endless pictures of her...dressed, and a few upskirts, one with pee stained panties. Unfortunately, I can't share any of these. We share a love of lingerie, which we'll talk about, and sometimes she'll show me what she's wearing (pantie and bras), and other times describe them. She favors quite expensive cotton panties (European), with lace and lacy, often see through bras.

She is a very pretty woman, and was in her early 30's when I first got to know her. She holds a high level professional position at work. About 5'8", very thin, nicely firm breasts, straight hair and dancer's legs, she almost always turns heads. She likes attention and while not really an exhibitionist, she dresses very well and often in very sexy clothes, although always in good taste. She has always loved lingerie and has a wonderful collection of bras and panties, and while not usually making a point of showing off her panties or bra, neither is she terribly modest. I've seen her at a lake (not a lot of people around, but some) take off her dress and swim in her panties and bra. I'll call her Joanne.

I first came to know her shortly after she began working where I do. We were immediately attracted to each other, but as we were each in relationship it never got physical....just endless unfulfilled lust and a whole lot in common. Had we both been single we'd be together still. After a number of lunches, I remember walking outside towards our offices (in the same building), and she recounted to me when she was pregnant with her son, about to give birth, it turned out, 4 days after the first wetting incident she described to me. We'd never mentioned peeing, wetting, desperation or much sexual at all. It wasn't until about a month later that I told her how electric that story was for me, and she was totally surprise when I told her how peeing/wetting was my most intense turn on.

That first story was, in brief, that she had been speeding in town, trying to get to the near by supermarket which she knew had a toilet, since she was almost wetting her pants in the car. She was pulled over by a cop, not a nice guy it seems, who asked her why she was speeding and she told him, obviously pregnant even sitting behind the wheel, that she was desperate to pee. "In fact, I'm about to wet my pants." He somehow assumed her water was breaking and offered an escort to the hospital, but she, now red faced, told him, "No, I'm not about to deliver, I'm about to pee in my pants." 

He again offered a hospital escort, but she declined, as he wrote her out a ticket. She was, as she told me, holding herself but to little avail as she began to spurt and then completely loose it and soaked her pants, her butt, the car seat and floor. She came back with the ticket, obviously noticing her pee accident as she pants were shiny and soaking, and the car smelled a little of fresh pee. "Next time, slow down and perhaps this type of accident won't happen." She said nothing, and drove home wet.

Some weeks later, with infant in arms (maybe two months) she actually went to court to contest the ticket, and explained to the judge (with the court room packed) what happened, including the part about having wet her pants in the car. The judge expressed his concern, but she ended up with the ticket nonetheless.

As she told me I was excited, hard and felt my heart, prick and all else of me falling madly in love with her. It turns out the attraction was mutual, but like in much of life, timing is everything, and time was not on our side. But out of this, came beautiful, long, enduring and intense friendship.

Each of the incidents are as she told them to me. I've written them up after each telling, and on the whole I have not edited the notes. As time goes on I'll add to them. All are true. While I've know a few women who have pretty loose bladder control, I've never met any like Joanne for constant mini–accidents, and major ones every so often She's a pants wetter delight, and a beautiful one at that.

Background: She's been wetting her panties and pants, all accidentally, since she was 7. Her first accident was in school, and she remembered the teacher being very nice about it, but she was very embarrassed. Since then she had constant accidents, certainly not daily or even weekly, but consistent. Most are dribbles and spurts in her panties, but some are major accidents.

Joanne's wet incidents and accidents as she's told them to me beginning 1990 to date.

***

1. Joanne is driving in her car with son; in hurry, forgot to pee at son's school. Normally 10–minute drive home, but road construction; takes 25. She wearing denim skirt, shortish but not really. Stop and Go, dying to pee, can barely sit still yet has to drive. Finally is forced to drive one hand between her legs, under skirt. But near house she begins to have her usual little spurts in her panties. As she drive thu gate more spurts, feels her panties getting soaked. She wearing white bikinis with lace mesh front, cotton crotch. 

By time in garage (attached to house) she can feel her ass dampening; she's fearful she wet back of her skirt. Runs out of car, spurts more frequent; feels pee running down inside thigh by time she near toilet. Sits on toilet forcefully peeing just as she gets there, soaking the back of her panties as well. Her legs are wet to her knees; her panties yellowed and dripping. Sits on toilet peeing, takes panties off, rinses them, thinking of me, how I'd love it. Takes skirt off, notices for first time a damp spot about 6 inches across. Takes shower.

2. Driving alone to party, gets lost, further from freeway than she had thought. Has to pee terribly; driving with hand between her legs, pressing leather pants into crotch. Begins to dribble in little spurts some blocks from party...is totally desperate; thinks she's going to loose total control and wonders what she'll do if that happens. Finds the house, parks as quick as she can; walks really fast to front door, but begins to dribble again. Feels pee soaking her panties. Rings door, feels it will take forever for an answer. She knows only one friend at party; her best friend. Waiting at door she has legs crossed, is slightly bent at waist, hand in her crotch and jumping around, and is still dribbling. Man answers door, and she says, "Where's the bathroom, I gotta go desperately, I can't wait." Walking in and following his pointing, says "Hi Im Joanne". 

He laughs. Door is closed; locked. She knocks, thinking she about to wet her pants in a stranger's house; her friend, Susan, happens to be in bathroom; opens door laughing. Joanne dashes to toilet, peeing as she goes, somehow managers to get her leather pants down before too much damage is done, but soaks her black lace and cotton panties. Susan laughs; she's seen Joanne pee herself before. Susan leaves; Joanne changes panties, another pair coincidentally in her purse (along with other clothes) since she was sleeping over. 

Man jokes with her afterward about a funny way to meet, 'you about to wet your pants'. Joanne is thinking of me; how I'd love it. Later goes into hot tub in her bra and new black panties, also thinking of me...she's only one in panties and a bra; other women have suits and guy is naked. (She knows love I women in wet panties...and clothes...for any reason.) I suggest in phone call that she always carry extra pair of panties. She says she'll consider it. (But she never does....)

3. She said it was pretty common for girls to wet themselves, in excitement and expectation, or from exertion. It happened to her quite a few times. Few other times she's completely wet except once in HS or college at mother's house. Could not find her key, went in backyard to try to get in, no luck, went around front, at door rang and rang, finally as her mother was coming (she was in shower) couldn't control it and totally wet her panties, her legs spread on front porch. Had on mini dress, summer, and soaked some of that too. Just stood there with her mother watching her, couldn't stop. Said she had on white cotton panties with lace front, as usual. They were and still are her favorite style.

4. At work a few times rushes to women's room early in morning "barely" making it; one time she says she dribbled in her panties, but her pants didn't show it. I wanted to feel them. She continues to have some wonderfully exciting peeing accidents she loves to tell me about...a women with one of the weakest bladders I've heard about. It keeps me turned on, and she loves to play with me about her having to pee, "barely making it", and sometimes wetting her panties.

5. She tells me that last week she was talking with a client in her office, he keeps talking and talking, she has to pee more and more, sitting with her legs crossed, thinking maybe she should interrupt him, go to toilet, but decides not. She knows she really has to pee. Finally he leaves, but instead of going directly to bathroom ("I never really go when I first have to but always wait till the last minute...") she goes to the computer room to print something out. She can't get the printer to work. She really has to pee and trying as usually to hold it, in the process she dribbles a little in her panties.

She was wearing a blue skirt and top, and blue panties and bra. She finally gets the printer working, but instead of going to the toilet she goes to the xerox room. Another spurt as she tries to hold it in. Her panties are now warm and wet. Standing by the xerox room she again dribbles in her panties as she contacts her muscles to prevent an accident. Finally she grabs her papers and runs up the hallway toward the toilet. At the door she dribbles quite a lot in her panties and feels them saturated, pee running slightly down her inner thighs. She drops her papers on the floor in the stall, and pulls up her dress, her legs crossed, and just as she begins to pull down her panties a final larger spurt goes through the now soaked material.

She lands on the toilet and lets go quickly, her wet (almost dripping) panties around her knees. She looks at them, the crotch is soaking. She has no choice but to pull them back up, feeling the material cool around her crotch. She says she thinks of me, but actually hates it since she has to go to a meeting to make a presentation. Her panties take a long time to dry. She wonders if anybody suspects she's wearing peed in panties from not going to the toilet and not being able to really control herself.

6. Pees in her pants when she and her older sister tickle each other. Often completely soaks herself. I remind her that she told me that she only completely soaked herself once in high school, and she says, "oh, that's when I wasn't being tickled by my sister."

7. Is at meeting with about 25 people. Meetings last all day, but with many breaks. She's self conscious about getting up to go pee because there have been so many breaks. Decides to hold it but its hard. At breaks goes quickly to the bathroom, but many other women are there too. She can't stand still and is saying to others how badly she has to pee and she can't wait. She is squeezing her legs together almost jumping form foot–to–foot, fearful that she won't make it. Just as a stall door opens for her turn she feels the first dribble in her panties. () She dashes in to the stall, shuts the door, feeling another spurt of warm pee as she undoes her pants(?), and pulls them and her now pretty wet panties down, peeing forcefully as she sits. She looks at her wet panties, and says she was thinking of me.

8. She was sitting reading at home, with plenty of time to go pee. She has to pee, and pee badly but keeps thinking why waste the time. She continues to read now with her legs close tight. Finally she can't wait any longer, realizing that she's about to wet her pants and dashes for the bathroom holding herself between her legs. A the door she feels the first dribble, thinking to herself "Why do I always wait so long knowing that I'll probably start peeing in my panties?" She doesn't have an answer, and this is repeated frequently.

As she's frantically trying to undo her jeans she feels a larger spurt completely soak her panties, and she begins to feel the warm pee dampen her thighs, thinking to herself she must have also wet her jeans and not just her panties. Again, she pulls them down and lets go forcefully in the toilet. She examines her panties: the white cotton is soaking, quite yellow, although her jeans are only barely damp. "... would love this," she thinks to herself. She finishes, pulling off her pants and panties, and walks naked to get a dry pair of panties, putting them and her jeans on. She deposits the wet panties in the dirty clothes hamper.

***

9. She is driving to the doctor's to get her allergy shot. She has dropped her 7–year–old son off at his swimming practice. As soon as she is in the car on the freeway she realizes (as usually) she has to pee really badly. She thinks to herself, also as usual, "why didn't I go pee when I dropped X off?". And as usual she doesn't have a good answer. But she really has to pee badly. She's wearing a skirt (blue?), pretty short, and white cotton panties with a lace panel on the front. The ten–minute drive seems to take longer since she has to go so badly, and seemingly so suddenly. By the time she gets to the parking structure she's dying, although she hasn't (yet) dribbled at all. But she's desperate.

But once out of the car she can't really control herself any longer. She has to walk down the stairs, across a yard, up a ramp, through a longish hallway before she gets to the first bathroom. The walk takes perhaps 2 minutes, but standing up for her is harder to control herself than sitting. On the stairs she feels the first sign of loosing control, and she stops and contracts her muscles, but as always in doing this she releases a small spurt of pee. This happens also at the foot of the stairs. As she walks she really afraid she won't be able to control herself and have a massive accident, but she avoids it. While walking she is only able to control herself by contracting her muscles, but each time she releases a little more warm pee into her panties. By the time she reaches the building she is walking more slowly since she's trying to push her legs together to keep from wetting her panties completely, but this slows her down.

Each time she tries to hold back what feels like a dangerous flood she slows down even more. Once inside the building she once more contracts her muscles and this time feels her pee begin to run down the insides of her thighs. It feels warm, but she's panicked that she will leave a trail of wetness for all to see. She doesn't but is still afraid of totally loosing control and having a major accident in the hallway before she gets to the toilet. Finally after two more spurts through her panties she makes it to the toilet, but by now her panties are totally saturated with warm pee, and the insides of her legs are wet almost to her knees. She dashes to the toilet stall, pulling her wet panties down as she sits down and finally releases her pent up pee. Her panties are just above her knees, their crotch spread out and still almost dripping. 

Joanne looks at them, the yellow of her pee discoloring the pure white cotton. She rubs at them with toilet paper, absorbing some of the pee, but leaving them still soaking. She says she thinks of me and how turned I would be watching her. She pulls up her wet panties, feeling their now cold wetness against her, thinking about how this happens so much to her. "Why can't I learn to go pee even when its not urgent," she asks herself. She feels her wet panties against her as she walks down the hallway, thinking of how she once spoke at a meeting with soaking panties on. She had doubled checked her skirt to make sure it wasn't wet. By the time she get home her panties have dried, but its clear form the large yellow stain that she had an accident.

***

10. Having finished shopping at Wall Mart she is wheeling out her things. Getting close to the car she realizes, as usual, she has to pee urgently. All of a sudden she can't wait much longer. As she begin to puts her things in the back of her car she feels the first little spurt soak into her white cotton panties. She tries to keep her legs tightly closed, holding on, trying to stay in control, but quickly feel another warm spurt. She's thinking what to do. Another uncontrollable dribble begins to soak her blue jeans. 

She almost panicked. She has on a long, oversized sweater which goes down her thighs. Another spurt this time soaks the insides of her lovely thighs. She still hasn't finished loading the car and is by now having one spurt almost run, as it were, into the next. She's still controlling it enough that she's not really peeing a steady stream, but she can feel the insides of her jeans getting wetter and wetter. She wonders if she's peeing right on the ground. She glances furtively around to see if other people might be looking at her. She feels herself turning red with embarrassment.

A large spurt soaks her jeans. Joanne feels the warm pee soaking slowly up the lower part of her ass, and slowly creep down to soak her jeans's legs. While her sweater covers her wet jeans, she doesn't dare look or feel exactly how wet she is. She doesn't know that no one can see her wet pants. She walks quickly, now barely in control, to the store. She's in such a hurry, thinking that any moment she'll begin peeing again, or worse, totally flooding her jeans with everybody watching, that she says to the guard at the door checking membership cards, "I was just in, remember me." The guard looks blank. "I have to get one more thing, and I really have to use the toilet desperately. I was just in." The guard smiles and lets them go in. Joanne is sure everybody can see her wet pants and feel more and more flushed.

She gets to the bathroom and runs in just as another large spurt escapes. She pulls her wet jeans and soaking, dripping white cotton panties down as she sits on the toilet just as a final spurt hits the back of her panties and jeans, and finally pees in the toilet. Later she tells me, " I peed at least half in my pants and only the rest in the toilet. I was so embarrassed, but you know, sitting there looking at my soaked panties sort of yellowed, I thought of how much you'd like what happened...". She pulled back up her wet panties and jeans, realizing that no one could see her accident due to her long sweater which goes almost to her knees, and walked out, feeling somewhat more confident but quite uncomfortable in her soaking jeans and panties.

She said to me, " this was the worst accident in years. I was really embarrassed. My pants were wet almost to my knees, although you couldn't see it. And up my ass too. Thank god I was wearing my sweater. I had to drive straight home to change rather than finish doing my errands. I was really uncomfortable and embarrassed."

When she got home she went to the bathroom, peeled off her wet jeans and soaked panties. She was wearing white cotton panties, she doesn't remember what type.

***

11. Joanne was at a conference, but had gone to the hardware store over lunch. Driving back, all of 5 minutes, she had to pee really urgently. She had on tan shorts and a light top. It was hot. She managed to make it to the parking lot, and even into to building. But in the hall she met some people she knew from the conference. One guy started to talk with her, and she, almost running, stopped, saying, "I can't talk now I've got to pee so bad I'm about to pee in my pants..." I have no idea of his reactions, but ran quickly to the toilet, but began, as usual, to dribble in spurts in her panties a few times. She soaked her panties and had a wet spot between her legs, turning her tan shorts dark between her legs. She said that she wasn't sure any could see, but thought of me and how I would have loved to see her like that. She made sure she sat with her legs closed.

***

12. Tells me about time in France when she peed in her panties under a mini dress, all over the street as she was walking. She was about 23 or 24. She was really embarrassed, not all at once, but in large spurts as she walked, leaving sort of a wet trail on the sidewalk., she said there was really no place to even stand behind a bush. Finally found a vet hospital and asked to use the bathroom. But kept her wet panties on. She was with her (then) husband and another couple. They teased her about wetting her panties. She was embarrassed.

***

13. We met for coffee. I got there first. She comes in all smiles wearing a shortish jean skit and sleeveless top...looks great. I get up and we go to order...she begins to bounce around, I know the signs and she says, smiling coyly, "I've really got to pee badly....order me a latte..." and walks quickly to the toilet to one side of the counter. 30 seconds later she comes out, looking agitated, and asks the guy behind the counter why the door is locked to the toilet. He says the waitress in it. She groans saying, "Oh, god, I can barely hold it..." and walks quickly back. I smile at her. She returns a few minutes later, I'm sitting at the table. I ask, "Make in on time?" She again smiles coyly, turning only slightly red, "Almost..." I ask, "How almost?" She leans over and says, "I was standing there waiting for her to come out and actually holding myself under my skirt...I could feel myself dribbling in my panties...There sort of wet..." I'm dying.

Later we leave and go for a walk...getting out of the car Joanne immodestly parts her legs giving me a great view of her white cotton panties with lace on the front....and a large, still pretty damp wet and slightly yellow spot.....I say, "Nice panties, as usual....and you were right about 'almost.'" She smiles somewhat embarrassed but liking the tease. I could almost have cum in my pants. She adds: "It was running down my legs when I got into the toilet."

***

14. We've not seen each other for many months. We meet in a park, its a very warm sunny day and we walk to a picnic table for a quick lunch. She's wearing a denim white skirt, ending a few inches above her knees and a green light pullover, knit, through which the light shines if the sun is on the other side of her. Her bra is white, as are her panties, which as she crosses and uncrosses her long, tanned, thin and firm legs peek tantalizingly from beneath her skirt. Her skirt rides up as we sit and talk, she pulls it down, but casually, knowing, I'm sure, that I see her panties.

I ask her, as usual, about any peeing accidents or stories. She smiles, "I know you always ask...Oh, god, yes....but as usual there are so many little ones I really don't remember even when or where." I ask, "Any really big ones, like the Wall Mart one."

"No, none like, thank god. That was so embarrassing...." I press on. "Well, tell me about the others, the ones you remember."

Joanne smiles, crosses her legs, again I see her panties briefly. "Well, the worst time is when I first come to work. I have no idea why, I guess the coffee at home. It's only a 15–minute drive to work, but I'm always dying to pee when I arrive. I always put it off, too. I've always done that...put off going until the last second. I don't know why...Anyway, the other day I put my things in my office, intending to go the bathroom immediately, but Bill (her boss) stopped her in the hall. I was talking to him, and you know how he can go on and on, and I was too embarrassed to say I needed to pee. I mean, after a few minutes I was literally, shifting from one foot to the other, and then crossing my legs standing there talking to him I had to pee so badly. I couldn't believe he didn't notice, but he's so blind about some stuff."

"Finally I couldn't stand it any longer and really thought I was about to pee in my panties when I told him I needed to leave. Then, he must have realized I needed to pee because I'm sure he saw me literally running toward the toilet. Well, as soon as I left I felt the first dribbles...Shit, I thought, I'm not going to make it...but I did, sort of."

Joanne smiles, teasingly, knowing I love this. "What is sort of?" I asked, my hard on tight in my jeans.

"Well, I kept dribbling, then stopping, then dribbling again....I really thought I'd loose control, but managed to make it without loosing control....but I was pretty wet when I finally got the toilet."

"How wet? Were your panties dribbling?"

"Almost, yes, and it was beginning to wet my legs....I had to go to my meeting with very wet panties on. They took all morning to dry. God, its awful....I had to actually to leave another meeting the other day because I had to pee so bad...it was embarrassing, everybody knew where I was going. I didn't dribble, but I knew I couldn't make it through it and still hold it."

"I thought of you as I was running to the toilet....I would have come to tell you about it, but you weren't in."

I could have kicked myself...I would love to have asked Joanne to show me her wet panties...and in my fantasies I would have loved to have felt them, probably still warm and dribbling, to have licked her panties, maybe made her cum through them while she masturbated me through my pants...right there in my office. But I liked the story a lot.

She finished telling me about her dribbling these months...saying that it mostly happened in the mornings and that was pretty frequent, perhaps daily, but usually she'd just moisten her panties rather than really wet them.

***

15. Joanne and I meet over coffee, and in the last few minutes of the conversation (in November 1995) she tells me of taking her son early on a Saturday morning to his usual baseball game. "I hate it...its at this school, and I drink my usual coffee...and the school always locks the bathrooms. I can't believe it: what do the kids do, and what do I do? It's happened a few times but this Saturday was the worst. I got there and left him, and was with my Mom. I had to pee so bad, I mean so bad, I took the dog and told my Mom I had to go the nearest cafe to pee...I couldn't wait...and I ran out of there .... 

It would have taken longer to take the car and park, so I walked, ran. I couldn't hold it, and began to wet my jeans as I walked....at first little dribbles, but then more, and then I got in control..." I was dying, thinking of her. "I got the cafe but I was still going...I got really wet. It was awful...my jeans were wet... between my legs...and down them. I was so embarrassed, I have no idea of people saw me, or how much they could see. I had to walk past the tables in the front....I was sure everyone was looking, but actually I have no idea. My panties were soaking and dripping as I finally got on the toilet...."

I wondered what she looked like. "I put my sweater around my waist...I don't think you could see...but I really didn't want to know so I really don't know how wet I was but I was really wet...and embarrassed. It felt awful." I smiled, and she said, "I know you love it....but it felt terrible...I was wet all thought he game and couldn't wait to get home to change. My mother couldn't believe that this still happens to me. My panties were completely soaked...you would have loved it. And when I got home my jeans were wet well below my crotch...., god, almost to my knees. I guess people did see, if they looked."

I wanted to see and feel her, I loved the story...

***

16. Late November: Joanne tells me that in the last six or eight weeks almost everyday she dribbles in her panties trying to get the toilet on time, usually in the morning at work....her panties are often damp, sometimes more than that...not big accidents, but constant drippage....Today not only did she dribble when arriving at work, but at the end of one meeting she had to pee really badly. People were talking to her about work and she finally had to interrupt the questions before her next meeting, saying, "I really have to leave right now. I've got to pee really badly before the next meeting or I won't make it." She then abruptly left and walked quickly to the nearby toilet, but not before dribbling in her panties again....She was wearing light colored jeans which, however, this time she didn't get wet.

Joanne is funny, sometimes really embarrassed about telling people she needs to go, other times completely out there about it. Whenever we're together and she goes to pee (often), not desperate and not wetting, she gives me this big, delightful smile...knowing she's turning me on. She love to flirt and play.
