The Bursting Couple Calibrate Themselves

Author: Fluidity (1999-10-31 at 08:02) mf W#45461

I couldn't leave Jennifer and Steve alone. I hope you enjoy it. I enjoyed writing it.

###

The Bursting Couple Calibrate Themselves, and Throw in a Little History

Jennifer and Steve were lying in bed, snuggling close after a long night's sleep after a long session making love.

“Steve, that was heavenly last night. I never imagined how good sex would be when my bladder is stretched to its bursting point. “

“Neither did I. You were possessed. I've never seen a woman so hot. Uhhh, especially since you were the first”.

“Oh, right, Steve. You probably lost your cherry when you were thirteen… But how did last night happen? It seems to me that it was just blind luck that we found ourselves both at that point where we could hardly walk without leaking and then we started making love. If I needed to wait another minute I don't think I could have taken you inside me”.

“Me, too, Jen. I was hurting so badly that I wanted to run and piss before taking you. You teased me into waiting and I nearly gave up. I think the only way to duplicate that is to calibrate ourselves. Let's go through the day and starting at lunch not drink anything. Then this evening we will drink a precise quantity and see how long it takes each of us to get where we were last night. With that information we ought to be able to do this again. I don't expect we both need to drink the same amount, but right now we don't know anything”.

“Sounds like a plan to me. Let's try it. But right now I need a good fucking, and that tool of your feels like it is up for the job”.

With that Jennifer opened her arms and she and Steve enjoyed an early morning coupling session. That evening they prepared to see how much it took to fill them up. They hadn't eaten or drank anything, and they had just peed themselves empty even though there were only a few dribbles in each of their bladders. There were four liter bottles of Pellagrino, the water of choice, two for each of them. The plan was to drink one liter in a fifteen minute period, wait a half hour and see how they felt, and then drink a half liter, wait another half hour and drink the final half liter. The first liter went down smoothly.

“Well, Steve, I can feel my tummy is full of water. Now I wonder what my body will do with it and how fast. I remember when I was a teenager I came home after a day out with no water. I drank and drank and drank because I was so thirsty. Then I had to rush to get dressed and go out to a party. On the drive to the party I was in major trouble. That water went right through me and I was getting frantic for a piss. I was so embarrassed to tell my date of my condition. I don't know how I held it. When we got there I could hardly stand up straight. I told him I needed a toilet fast. When I got there, there was a guy waiting ahead of me.

God, I could have died. I stood there squirming and sweating and pacing from foot to foot and hurting. I think that if it was a girl in front I'd never have made it. But that guy was in and out in a minute. When he came out I burst in and don't think I even shut the door completely. I hiked my dress up and jerked my panties down and plopped my ass on the toilet before I noticed that the cretin before me had left the toilet seat up. But I couldn't stop. When my ass felt that bare toilet and I realized what had happened I was jetting a gusher. I had to balance keeping my ass off the toilet for a minute or two, holding my dress out of the way - God, the trouble we girls have just to whiz while all you guys do is whip it out. The girl behind me in line kept someone from barging in on me. That was probably the most satisfying pee I had ever had before last night. What was yours?”

“Shit, what a story, Jen. My worst time was a bus ride from hell with no toilet. I was a senior in high school and I think it was a two and a half hour ride. I had stupidly filled up with coffee and didn't whiz before the ride. I must have sat there in agony for an hour and a half. God, the pain was excruciating, but my body was tighter than a drum, I had a massive boner, I was sitting next to this girl that had on a soft sweater that allowed her breasts to bounce up and down as the bus went over bumps. It was one of the first times that a bursting bladder and sex were both on my mind”.

“I bet they were. I never associated them until last night. Did she have to pee”.

“Did she ever. About halfway through the ride I was already in agony. I told her that it was stupid to have such a long drive with no bathroom on the bus. She said she thought she was the only one that needed one. I assured her that I was about to pop. She told me that she would never last another hour, but I told her that we both had to. She crossed her legs and rocked them for a long time. Then she uncrossed them and slapped her thighs together for a long time. All the time I was in great pain and just sat there with my legs slightly spread. It was the least uncomfortable position. I was in no danger of leaking; it was just the pain. She, however, must have been in danger of wetting”.

“Oh, Steve, the poor thing. How did she ever make it? Was she in a dress?”

“Nope, jeans. It would have massively shown. By the way, I'm really full right now. I could gladly pee a great deal”.

“I'm full, too. But what happened?”

“She started slapping her thighs together a half hour before the bus ride was over. I asked her if she could wait that long and she said, 'No way, Jose.' I told her that I thought girls could wait forever if they had to, and she said, 'This girl can't.' At one point she looked around with this real worried expression on her face. She saw Mrs. Dribly, the teacher on the outing, and asked her if there was going to be a bathroom break soon as she needed one. Mrs. Dribly told her that she needed to exercise better self-control and that any one should be able to wait this long. At that she turned around and put her hand on her lower stomach and whispered to me that she was about to burst. Then she started rocking forward and backward about an inch back and forth, like she was fucking the chair”.

At that Jennifer laughed, “Oh, God, I know what she was doing. She really was frigging herself. I've done that when I had to pee but I never thought of it as real sex, just a way to distract my pussy from peeing. When I get to that point if I can't hold myself I'll lose it. Which reminds me, it is time for another half liter. I don't know where it is gong to go”.

Steve and Jennifer drank another half liter each. That was a liter and a half that each had drunk in 45 minutes. They were both very full.

“So did she make it? I know you did with your boner. “

“She did move her hand from her lower tummy down between her legs a time or two. Each time she did she turned to me and asked me not to look but that she couldn't help it she had to pee so badly. However every time she did it, it was a signal for me to look. I almost came in my pants. I think if we had hit a bump at the right time I would have. I was so much on the verge of an orgasm that I was really afraid. There is nothing so messy as a wad of cum in your pants”.

“Well thanks, Bozo, maybe I don't like that kind of mess in my love box, either. Remember that is oozes out of me over then next hour or two and its no fun. Ooooo, I need to pee badly. You too?”

“Yes, I was just thinking of that. Well, to finish this up, when the bus stopped she jumped up and I was right behind her. I put my mouth up to her ear from behind her and asked her how she could walk. She was doing a sort of pee dance from foot to foot as we had to wait for those in front of us. She wasn't letting anyone get up from their seats and step in front of her. She was a real bitch getting out of that bus and I was taking advantage of it right behind her as if my cock were glued to her ass. She told me that she would never make it. With my boner up against her I was about to come again. The pain on my over-stretched bladder from standing up was terrible. When we got off the bus she blurted out to the driver, 'Where's the toilets?' and he pointed to where everyone else was heading. I don't think there was an under-filled bladder on that bus. There were three unisex toilets so we were all in one massive line. That was great for me since I got to stand behind her the whole time.

The guys in front of us stood there stoically as I was, suffering in silence. The girls were all squirming or prancing. It was a dream sight. One of the girls who was about third in line cried out that she had to be next and could not wait. The two guys in front of her looked at her and said that if they let her in front every girl will want the same thing. The girl in front of me said that to me: if that bitch got in she was going to try the same thing. She was fifth and I was sixth in line. The problem was that unlike most times the guys were taking forever. They were all having to wait for their boners to go down. It also meant that when they did start to pee they still were three quarters hard and were pissing everywhere. One girl came out of one of the loos and yelled out, “That place is disgusting. There is pee everywhere!”

“Steve, I'm at the point I can't wait any longer. Here goes the last half-liter but I'll have to get rid of some soon”.

“I'm so full I'm about to float but I can wait some more.” With that they both downed the last half-liter of water and Steve continued his story.

“When the girl in front of me got to the front of the line she was frantic. She was jumping from foot to foot and her hand was rubbing her crotch and she was crying out, 'Hurry, hurry, hurry, please God, make them hurry!' I was about to come again at this sight. All of a sudden she bent way over at the waist and put both of her hands between her legs and started screaming, 'Oh, no, please not now, please!' and pee started squirting out between her fingers. She couldn't hold it. She was rubbing herself furiously but it didn't matter any longer. Her pussy probably became numb or something since it didn't respond to her frantic rubbing.

She slowly squatted and just peed and peed and peed right there in front of the door to the loo. The guy in that loo opened the door and almost knocked her over. He couldn't get out until she stopped peeing and stood up and allowed the door to open. Someone behind me yelled out that she didn't need the toilet any longer and should wait until everyone else had used it. But she did go in. She probably used up all the TP trying to soak the pee out of her jeans for she was in a long time. When I got the loo next to hers I could hear her stripping of her jeans. I didn't need that. It kept my boner up for a lot longer. I finally decided that the thing to do with that cock of mine was give it the pleasure it wanted. I'm convinced that it let me pee sooner than simply waiting for it to relax naturally”.

“So you frigged yourself in the loo? Did the girl hear you”.

“I think so. When I was jerking myself I heard her loo become suddenly very quiet. I think I heard a little gasp and I swear that before I was finished I could her doing the same thing. I tried to be quiet when I came but I probably made some little grunting sounds…”

“What do you mean, little. You were gasping like a steam engine last night when you came”.

“Pretty Little Jen, you're much more of an inspiration than an empty loo and a girl frigging herself in the next stall. I thought I was pretty quiet but she gave out several whines when she came and I heard the girl outside her door knock on it and ask what she was doing. A minute after I came I started peeing. I know she heard that. The trickle turned into a raging gush that lasted forever. I got out and waited for her. When she saw me she flushed crimson but I went over to her and told her how sorry I was that she didn't make it. She then smiled through her blush and asked if I was the one next to her in the loos. I told her I was and that it sounded like she was having a good time in there. She blushed even deeper but told me that she wasn't the only one. We had a good time the rest of the day. And I need to pee badly right now”.

“I bet you got in her pants after an introduction like that. Steve, I'm absolutely bursting. If we started making love now I think I would flood the bed before you got me undressed. We spend a lot of time kissing and caressing and I wouldn't do without that but I don't think I could wait. I'm definitely fuller than last night”.

“But, Jen, if you remember, getting you horny helps you hold it. I'm the one that is more full than last night. My bladder hurts like hell and I'm not seventeen any more like I was on the bus. I need to pee right now”.

“Well, Steve, it looks like we are just where we wanted to be. Both bursting and claiming we can't wait another minute. I think it's time to prepare to fuck”.

With that Jennifer began to unbutton her blouse, allowing her beautiful braless breasts to be half-seen. Steve's member sprang into action and a wonderful time was had by all.

