SATURDAY MORNING
 A Real Life Adventure
Author: William Abbott

It’s Saturday morning, and I’m sitting at my desk doing paperwork while my wife sleeps in. When I hear her get up, I call out, “Good morning!”

From out in the hall, she says, “It’s really pretty out there. There’s a dusting of snow.”

“Yes, it is really pretty,” I answer.

“How would you know?” she asks. “You haven’t looked.”

I turn around, and she is standing naked in the hallway, a little to one side of the window. The gentle morning light brings out the color in her skin. She smiles at me, enjoying my enjoyment of the sight of her, then turns to leave. “Hey! Come here!” I say.

“I can’t come there,” she says, a little flirtatiously. “There are windows.”

I jump up from my chair and follow her before she can disappear and get dressed. In the hallway, thick carpet under our bare feet, I take her in my arms and kiss her—kiss her lips, the side of her neck, her breasts. I slide my hands all up and down her back, and then around to run them over her breasts, her belly, and through the thatch of her pubic hair. I kneel to nuzzle my face between her breasts and kiss her belly, then stand to kiss her lips and neck and shoulders.

“Mmmmm,” she says. “And this is without even knowing that I need to pee.”

“You need to pee?”

“Rather urgently, in fact.”

“That could be a problem,” I say, sliding my hands all over her body again. “I might not let you.”

“Uh oh.”

I slide my hand between her legs, grip her the way she might grip herself to keep from peeing as I bend over to suck at her nipple again. Then I drop to my knees again and bury my face in her bush, using the bridge of my nose to press against her urethra.

“Oh, you’re an evil man,” she says.

I stand again, pressing my whole body against her as she leans back against the wall. Then she slips away from me and turns to walk toward the bathroom. I catch up with her, put my arms around her from behind, take her breasts in my hands and press my erection against her bottom. She struggles playfully to get away from me, but I take her by the shoulders and turn her to face me again. More kisses. I grip her crotch again, find her slippery. “You’re very wet,” I say.

“I wonder why. I’m gonna be a lot wetter soon, you know."

I stroke her clit and probe her with my fingers, then undo the button on the fly of my pajamas.

“Oh, you think there’s room for anything more in there?”

I slide the shaft of my exposed penis against her hair, stroking her clit with my fingers at the same time. She is slick and juicy.

“No, no, no,” she says. “There’s no room.”

I slide a finger inside her, then two. “Oh, you’re evil.” She breaks away from my embrace and ducks into the bathroom, knowing I will follow her.

She heads—yes!—not for the toilet but for the bathtub. I quickly peel off my pajamas and step in with her. As she stands with her legs spread, I kneel in front of her and kiss her thighs. “You’re distracting me,” she says, smiling. She raises one leg to rest a foot on the side of the tub and I scoot forward so that my head rests on her belly, my chest against her thigh. “I’m not sure I can do it with you right there,” she says. She lets go a squirt. I hear it splash on the floor of the tub.

“Here,” she says, “you have to back up so I can get started.”

I sit back on my heels and gaze into the dark curls of her hair as she turns her attention inward, wills herself to relax. Her stream begins, then strengthens. I slide forward some more and feel her warmth raining down on my legs, then press my chest against the leg that she’s standing on. A hot, steaming river flows down my chest, a waterfall splashes over my penis and my balls, and I kiss the inner thigh of the leg she’s got raised against the side of the tub.

“I have to ignore the fact that you’re there,” she says, “which isn’t easy to do while you’re kissing me.”

As she finishes, my arms are around her again, my hands cupping the roundness of her bottom. She turns to start the shower, and I stand and rub my wet body, my wet penis, against the curves and crevices of her backside.

The shower starts, she turns the water up very hot, and then with moisturizing soap we slather ourselves and each other.

Postscript:

Reading over my shoulder as I wrote this afterwards, Anne said "Flirtatiously? I never flirt. I lob tactical nuclear weapons!”

