At last

Author: Ann (1997'05)

She pressed her thighs together tightly as she leaned forward to place the cover over her keyboard. "Ooops!" she murmured to herself as the flesh between her knickers and stockingtops dampened slightly. Patting the creases from her almost regulation dark blue secretary's tight skirt she made her way to the "ladies." She paused at the mirror to pull a comb swiftly through her long brown hair, feeling somewhat embarassed at the sight of her hardening nipples straining through the white cotton blouse. She wondered why at such times this happened to her, and did anyone else notice, and, even worse, did they know why?

From the cubicle behind her the sound of pee on porcelain brought a smile to her face; the accompanying sigh made her gather up her handbag and quickly make for the exit. She again smoothed her skirt, her bladder was so full she wondered if she looked pregnant. In the elevator, alone, she felt she must cross her legs - but it wasn't possible in such a tight skirt. Another trickle warmed her thighs, not enough to wet her clothing she was sure.

It wasn't a long trip by the underground railway from King's Cross to Wood Green, and at the busiest time of the day she'd have to stand, strap-hanging, the entire journey. 'Just as well!', she thought as she entered the compartment, sitting would inevitably get her skirt wet - but standing would just dampen her stockingtops.

She closed her eyes as the carriage swayed to the rythmic clatter of wheels on rails, and allowed a little drop to seep through her silk knickers.Quickly she clamped her legs together, and forced a smile at the girl seated in front of her who had been curiously watching the changing expressions.

Travelling the escalator upwards a new sense of urgency reached her. She didn't dare attempt any little drops now, her knees were quivering with the effort to retain dignity and the force of the liquid trying to escape. The discomfort was mitigated by the pleasant feel of cooling pee on thighs and the tops of her stockings; she felt pleased that she had the good sense to include stockings and garter belts in her otherwise modern wardrobe. Wet tights wren't so much fun. A warmth engulfed that other part between her legs, a small firm tightness almost demanding immediate attention. I'd best hurry, she thought to herself, as she left the station and with heels clattering tried to walk as gracefully as she could down the High Street.

The urgency was pressing, and she stooped forward ever so slightly as she turned into the quieter street where she lived. Her thighs were quivering and her knees were almost vibrating with the tension as she reached the front door of her house. "Damn, damn, damn!" she exclaimed aloud, dropping her handbag to the ground. Exhaustedly she leant forward, both hands flat against the wall, and sighed a curious yet grateful moan as a golden liquid cascaded from between her legs that were clenched tightly together. Rivulets formed on her stockings and gushed down her slim legs saturating her ankles and shoes. She straightened up, parted her legs, and allowed herself the luxury of forcing every last drop from her bladder, as steam began rising around her.

She paused a moment, took a deep breath, and recovered her handbag from the doorstep. A new urgency overtook her now, and she quickly unlocked the door and stepped inside, closed the door and slipped the catch on. She leaned back against the wall, one hand on the telephone table as the other quickly manipulated the zip on the side of her skirt and stole swiftly down the front of her knickers. She found the small hard nub, lubricated by two different liquids, and swiftly swirled her fingers around it. Just a few frantic gyrations and the heat burst on her, rushing through her body as she collapsed in an exhausted damp heap on the floor.

Perhaps it was thirty seconds later when more lucid thoughts entered her mind. She wondered whether her hardened nipples at work had given her intentions away to colleagues, and she wondered why she couldn't just simply masturbate without complications like she knew others did. It'd be so much easier she thought as she filled the washing machine, standing stripped to the waist - but not anywhere near so much fun!
