Danielle-3. Wild Water Ride

Author: Danielle, Netherlands (1996'04)

After reading that letter the German Hannelore wrote, and seeing her black & white picture on which she peed her jeans completly, I wrote a letter myself to the magazine. I wrote about the things you can read in the first two chapters of my experiences. (The beginning & Rainy days and Wet Spots). It took three months when I saw my own letter in the magazine. In the postscript the editorship wrote that there were a lot of guys looking for a woman who is willing to pee her pants, but that there were hardly any women who had the nerve (or lust) to do things like that.

And that's what I found out the months to come. I think about 10 or 15 letters were printed in the magazine, all of them as a reaction to my letter. And almost all the letters were written by men, telling they would immediatly marry me so I could pee my pants as much as I wanted. Ha Ha. I was 16 and a bunch of anonymous guys, mostly above 40 years old, want me to be their personal naughty girl. No way! But from that moment on I knew for sure that I wasn't the only one who loved pantspeeing, although I still believe that there are a lot of men looking for only a few women who really like it.

But there was another thing I never realized till that moment. I never thought of a man peeing his jeans. I looked for other girls who had the strange habit to pee their panties or jeans for fun or excitement. I never thought of the idea I would be horny while looking at a man who's peeing his pants. Even stranger, the idea didn't make me "wild at all". I even found it a very silly thing: a man peeing though his pants. A woman, okay, but I man, no. I don't know why, but I still get horny when I see a picture (or video) of a woman peeing through her panties or jeans, but I keep absolutly "cold" when I see a man do such a thing. Strange, because I'm not lesbian or so. A year or two ago I saw a gay magazine called "watersports", and on the cover was a guy peeing in his jeans. I bought the issue, just curious. There were a lot of pictures in the magazine with men peeing through underwear, jeans, shorts etc. Funny, but it did me absolutly nothing.

But let's go back to the time I was 16 or so. In Holland we have a "Attraction place" in which they have a "wild-water lab". You sit in a round big tube with chairs on it. The fun during the wild ride is that you cross all kinds of waterfalls and you are very lucky to come out dry. Almost everyone get more or less wet. Especially the seat of your pants because water is constantly spattering on your chair. Very nice when it's hot outside and it's amazing how much people will get wet.

Well now, in that time a was in that place with a few friends of mine, and of course we wanted to do the "Wild Water Ride". There was a big row, so we had to wait for about half an hour to get in. In the meanwhile I felt I had to pee really bad, and told one of my friends that after the ride I wanted to go to the toilet rideaway.

She laughed at me and said softly: "Me too". That she had to go as bad as I (or even worser) was clear when I noticed she was almost constantly standing cross-legged. Every woman knows that if you do that, it's almost sure you have to pee. Sometimes she'd even put a hand between her legs for a few seconds.

When we were finally in the "gondola", she was sitting on my opposite side. The ride started and after a minute or so, some of us were already pretty wet. I already had a soaked leg of my pants, and the girl on the other side had a wet sweater. I just couldn't help looking between her legs and to my surprise I saw a big wet spot in the crotch of her yellow jeans. That was very strange. The legs of your jeans can get wet, and of course the seat of your pants, but it's impossible that the water goes precisely in the middle of your crotch. And it wasn't just a small spot. Her crotch was completly soaked.

When we got out of the attraction we all looked how wet we were. "Look at me," she said. "My jeans is completly wet". Oh yes it was. Especially the seat of her denims were soaked, and also the fabric of her pants around her crotch. I couldn't believe that it was water. I still had to pee really bad, I didn't even wet my jeans, so I whispered in her ear: "Come on let's go to the toilet." But she told me that it wasn't necessary. She could hold it for a while. So I went to the bathroom on my own, doing it as "normal" people do. Not a drip in my jeans. But I knew for sure that she peed her jeans completly. And I, the pantspeeing fan, kept completely clean that day, as people expect from a big 16 year old girl.

As a matter of fact, at the end of the afternoon we went again in the wild- water ride, and I don't know for sure, but I'm almost certain that she again peed her jeans. Not because I saw her doing it, this time we came out all completely soaked, but when we were driving home with the coach I was sitting next to her and I smelled urine from her direction.

She never told me if I was right, in fact I never asked her. But I know that she had some stange habits. She was almost everyday wearing sanitary towels. Now, years after, I have regrets that I never asked her why. I haven't seen her for some years now. But everytime she had to laugh pretty hard, she pressed a hand between her legs. So I think she simply had a weak bladder, using the sanitary towels for her unwanted leakings. And not only when she was laughing, also when she had to sneeze she always shoutings things like: "Oooh no!"

And I remember another thing with her. It's not an WS experience, but I think funny to read for some people. We went to the city to do some shopping. I already had the feeling for a few minutes a was smelling a strange thing, like someone had "poop" under her or his shoes. After a while it was clear to me that the smell was coming from her direction. But I couldn't imagine that she had pooped her pants. She was wearing tight black jeans. Almost impossible to poop into such a tight pants. Where must the poop go? There's simply no place for it. So when we were at her place an hour later, we went straight to her room to listen to the records we just bought. I noticed she took a pantie out of her wardrobe. She tried to do it without me seeing that, but I did. Then she went to the bathroom, coming back a few minutes later. Still wearing the black jeans. But by now I was really curious. I had seen when she came back she hide secretly something under the bed. Just thrown it under it.

So when she went downstairs a few minutes later to get us some tea, I immediatly looked under her bed. A light-green cotton pantie was lying there. I took it out and now I knew for sure where the smell was comming from. The seat of the panties were complety brown. She must have pooped her pants while shopping. I still don't understand how that was possible in such a tight jeans, and I didn't understand why she didn't simply went to the toilet. But on the other hand, there were a lot of times when I didn't use the bathroom and simply let it go in my pants. Not poop, but perhaps she was (or is) a poopy-fan.

(to be continued)
