My Holding Record Details

By Thomas (1998'06) T#489

Date: 12 June 1998

Time: Evening (19:00 to 21:00)

Situation: Home, alone

In the weeks immediately following my break up from my fiance of six and a half years, we continued to live together until she found somewhere to move to. I was left at home on Friday nights as she and all our mutual friends went clubbing.

It was Friday 12 June 1998 when I got home from work to realise I hadn't peed all day, since breakfast at 07:30. It was 19:00. I did need to pee; I was perhaps at 2.3 in my Classification of Desperation (picture below):

Classification of Desperation

I decided to test my endurance and capacity, not having anything better to do on an evening at home alone.  the target I set myself was to drink 2 pints and wait 2 hours.  I immediately set about drinking 2 pints (1155 ml to be precise) of Apple Juice - all but 300 ml was gone by 19:15, and the remainder I drank as quick as I could, by 19:30.  I then settled down watching a World Cup game on TV and waiting for events to develop.

I have a fairly quick metabolism, but am shamed by how quickly 2 pints goes through me, compared to my ex-fiance for example who can do 5 hours after drinking 2 pints of water.  What follows is a transcript of the notes I took as time passed.

07:30	Pissed when I got up

19:00	Got home, at 2.3 on scale

19:15	Drank 855 ml of apple juice

19:30	Drank 300 ml of apple juice

20:08	3.4

20:10	Start fidgeting

20:20	3.5

20:24	I notice I am constantly fidgeting and at 4.0

20:30	4.7

20:39	4.7

20:42	Very full.  My abdomen was almost rock hard.

20:43	4.8

20:46	4.9

20:47	Rock hard

20:49	5.0

20:53	5.2

20:55	5.4

20:59:20	Sudden extra pressure

21:00:05	Start peeing, voiding 1230 ml, the most I have ever held.

I honestly cannot remember ever feeling so desperate.  If anyone would like to share their own experiences or hear more about this by asking suitable questions, please mail me – I look forward to it.  I hope some of what I'm asked will be suitable to add here.  Despite the genuine pain I felt (something that has never happened before) I really enjoyed the experience.  I would love to repeat it in competition with someone!  It reminded me just what desperate women I fantasise about must be feeling, ultimatly.

Thomas

I achieved the same quantity held on 22 June, though didn't feel as desperate when I voided nor as full.  Apparently bladder training could be pretty easy!

I am aware that I used to partake of statistics measurement like this much more often.  In fact, throughout periods of my youth I recorded every piss I took, and the amount drunk in between... I'm not quite sure why I stopped, and think I might start that again, maybe making the results available here?  Would anyone be interested?  I cannot guarantee to surprise anyone with my ability.  Maybe someone else would like to join me in describing their daily bladder control to the world?  Again, email me to discuss it.

