The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (22)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'12) f P#042

Debbie twenty two

Dear Aquavite,

I made sure that I made time to write you today. One of the people in our office, Tim, left the company 2 weeks ago and they haven't hired anyone to replace him yet so I'm doing alot of the stuff he used to do so I don't have as much free time anymore. But today hasn't been as bad as last week.

Anyway, traffic school was OK. The instructor was pretty funny so it seemed to go by fast. Yes it was a speeding ticket. I got it back in March I think but then forgot to pay the fine and got a letter from the DMV saying they were gonna suspend my license and that I owed $553. Dave was furious with me. So then I had to make an appointment at traffic court to try to get the amount reduced which they did to $347 and then they said it was OK to go to traffic school. But I can't believe you said there was a girl in your class who wet her panties when she got a ticket. I hope it wasn't a major accident and I hope the police officer didn't know she had an accident. Did everyone in the class laugh about it? I can't believe you said that because that happened to me to.

It wasn't a major accident just a mini one and it wasn't like I had to go real bad either. I guess it was just me being scared and upset. But I was late coming home from work and I was terrified when I got pulled over because I knew Dave would be real mad so I got upset. And its almost like I wasn't even aware it happened because I was so upset but after the police officer took my license and walked away I remember noticing that my panties were wet between the legs and then I knew I must've had a mini accident which made me even more upset because I knew it would be hard to hide it from Dave and he ended up finding out. I got another speeding ticket a long time ago (maybe 2 or 3 years ago) and the same thing happened so it must be getting scared that does it. I know there have been times when I've been scared by a scary movie or one time I was almost in an accident on the freeway or even when Dave sometimes just startles me and I've had mini accidents.

And also when we had the earthquake I had a bad accident because I was so scared and I don't ever want to go through that again. I hate even thinking about it because it was so scary. I hate scary movies but sometimes Dave likes to get the video and watch them with the lights off just to get me scared. So anyway, getting scared or a case of the nerves sometimes makes me have mini accidents. Is Sara and Joanne the same way? It reminds me of a story I heard when I was in college about a girl who got in an accident and was so scared by it that she pooped in her panties! I felt so bad for her but I didn't really know her at all. Does that kinda stuff also turn you on? I hope not because I think that's really gross and I'm glad its never happened to me. But it was kinda funny hearing about it.

I got the pictures but I didn't think any of the panties the girls were wearing were very cute did you? If I was gonna go to that beach and dress in my bra and panties and have everyone see I'd try to wear something cute but maybe they just don't care. I don't think I could ever go topless though. I would even feel a little nervous in just my bra and panties but I think that would be fun and a turn on for me. Do they mind that you're taking there picture?

Did you have a good weekend? We had dinner with another couple who has a 1 year old boy named Grant. He's so cute and sweet. It made me want to have kids. I know its alot of responsibility and that I'm probably not ready for it yet but maybe in a few years. Have you ever thought about having kids? It doesn't seem to be the kind of thing guys think to much about.

Are you and Sara dressing up for Halloween this year? Last year Dave and I went as Little Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf to a party one of his friends was throwing. So I wore a real cute little girlish red dress with a bonnet and a short cape and a basket in my hand. The dress was adorable. It was flared and pretty short so we bought some special ruffle panties for me to wear under it that made it look even more little girlish so I didn't have to worry so much about bending over or Dave lifting my dress. That was lots of fun seeing everyone in costumes. I don't know if we're going to any parties like that this year. I hope so.

Well I better go. I need to go have lunch and then get some stuff done. I haven't forgotten about the highschool stories but I think I told you about the worst ones at McDonalds when I was 17 and the time I was cheerleading. Those were the worst when I was in highschool that I remember but there were times I had mini accidents but there not all that exciting or maybe they would be for you. I guess I can tell you about some of those.

Anyway, Bye for now, Debbie 
