DANCING IN THE MOONLIGHT

Author: William Abbott

A story about getting a nice treat from a friend. (A very goodfriend.)

This is based loosely on an actual night many years ago. I've embellished the action a little, adding a few details, but the setting and the feelings are exactly as they were. My wife, naked, dancing across the moonlit lawn, remains one of my most treasured memories.

“Hey,” she said. “Wake up!”

My eyes blinked open in the darkness. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, shaking my shoulder. The only illumination came from out in the hall, from a tiny nightlight, but it was enough for me to see her leaning over me in her white nightgown. “What is it?" I asked. “What’s the matter?’’

“Nothing’s the matter. I just really, really, really need to pee.” She leaned close to give me a quick kiss, her eyes full of mischief. She bounced on the mattress, shaking the whole bed. “I thought you might be interested.”

I smiled and sat up, and the little guy in my lap sat up as well. “Yeah.” I blinked away the last of the sleep from my eyes and reached out to touch her. My fingers found her breast and I caressed it through the soft linen.

“Where do you want me to go?” she asked. “In the bathtub? In the sink?”

I looked at the clock. It was a quarter to four in the morning and still pitch dark. “Outside,” I said.

“OK.” She hopped off the bed while I fumbled for my glasses on the nightstand. “Only hurry up quick before I piss all over the floor.”

“Seriously?” I asked. I threw off the covers and stood up. My penis was sticking out through the fly of my pajama bottoms.

“Seriously,” she said. She was marching in place. “I woke up about half an hour ago ’cause I had to go to the bathroom, but instead I drank a bunch of water.” She ran up to me to kiss me, a quick peck on the cheek. “I think I kind of overdid it.” She danced away again to stand bent over with her hands pressed between her legs, looking up at me.

I grinned. “You love me a lot, don’t you?”

She nodded, her face full of laughter. “Come on!” She bounced over to the sliding glass doors that led from the bedroom out onto a deck. It was a warm night and the glass was already open, but she slid the screen aside and I followed her out. Two steps down took us out onto the grass.

This was at a camp on a lake in the woods. There were about a hundred other camps packed in along the lakeshore. Their back yards were squeezed in close together, but there were blueberry bushes and pine trees along the boundaries...and besides, it was dark. There was hardly any sound—even the lake was quiet—and no lights were on anywhere. The stars were sharp and brilliant overhead against a sky of deep black and I could make out the hazy band of Milky Way stretching from horizon to horizon.

She was a ghostly figure dancing in the grass, and with a single motion she lifted her nightgown up and over her head, tossing it up onto the deck. Naked, she stood there pale as a wraith, her skin almost as white in the starlight as the nightgown had been, the dark triangle of her hair making a stark contrast against her ghostly skin. She danced some more, twirling around and hopping from foot to foot, waving her arms in the air as I peeled off my PJ's.

She pranced and skipped out into the middle of the lawn where the light of the moon shone down between the trees. I caught up with her, took hold of her and kissed her, thrusting my tongue in her mouth and running my hands down her back and over her bottom until she wriggled in my arms and flapped her hands. “No no no no no!” she whispered urgently.

“Yes yes!” I said. I squeezed her buttocks, cupping a cheek in each hand to pull her tight against me, bending my knees to bring myself down to her height. I thrust with my hips, sliding my penis over her lower belly and the tops of her thighs and feeling the scratchiness of her hair against the underside of my shaft. She made fists and pounded on my shoulders. “I have to gooooooo! I mean it!”

I go of her, and in the eerie gray moonlight she danced in circles, delicious to watch. I gazed in wonder, enraptured by the way her breast moved. Then she hobbled up to me again, hunched over and gripping herself with one hand. “Where?” she asked me. She shifted her weight from foot to foot, breasts swaying gently. “Under the trees or out in the open? Or right here? It’s really dark—I could even go around front, in the driveway. The middle of the road, even. But it’s gotta be quick.” The road was just a single dirt lane overhung by the trees, and I thought about it.

“The dock,” I decided. The lawn behind the camp sloped down to the edge of the lake where a dock extended twenty feet out into the water.

She looked like a little elf or a fairy, a naked nature spirit as she skipped and pranced down to the water. I followed with my cock bobbing along ahead of me. She paused at the base of the dock to bend over, crossing her legs and pressing both fists into her crotch. As I caught up with her, she took my hand and led me out, our bare feet thumping lightly against the boards until we were out at the very end of the dock.

The lake undulated softly, almost mirror smooth, with the tiniest of ripples licking the shoreline. There wasn’t a breath of wind. Holding hands, we paused for a moment to look out across the water. I was grinning from ear to ear. “Oh my God,” I said, speaking in the quietest of whispers. The vastness of the lake all around us and the dome of stars overhead were overwhelming, almost frightening. Next to me, her shoulder pressed against mine, I felt her shiver, though I don’t know whether it was from the cool of the night air or from awe or just from how bad she needed to pee.

She squatted. I thought she was just going to piss, but instead she nudged my thighs, turning me to face her. She took my penis in her hands. She kissed it. She tipped it up to licked along the underside, running her hand up my inner thigh. Not peeing, she took it into her mouth and sucked on it, taking it deep and then pulling back to slurp around the tip. Still not peeing. I ran my fingers through her hair, massaging her scalp as she stroked my balls. She drew her tongue along the length of my shaft again. Her knees were knocking as she squatted there but still she wasn’t peeing. My breath started to come faster, and then faster still. Sucking again, her head bobbing back and forth. Squirming. Wriggling.

Still holding it in.

Then—when my breath was coming in gasps and she could tell I was close to losing control—only then did she let go. I don’t know if she chose that moment or if she just couldn’t hold it anymore, but suddenly I heard her water hitting the dock, pounding hard against the boards, the hollow sound like a rainstorm thrumming on a barn roof and gushing from a downspout. I felt drops of warmth spatter against my feet. After a few seconds it began to drip between the boards tinkling into the lake water. She kept sucking me, one hand on my ass and the other cupping my balls as her stream grew even stronger.

Then she pressed my cock up against my belly to lick the underside again, her wet tongue stroking from base to tip and then over the head to lick away the precum. My balls felt like they were crackling with static electricity. She slathered me with spit, raising her hands almost as if in prayer with my shaft between them. I could feel the heat of her breath against my balls. Her piss still flowing hard with a steady roar. The boards under my feet grew warm as the puddle reached my toes.

And I came. Oh my God, I came. Came into her hands, came all ever my belly, surging again and again, spurting between her palms as she gushed between our feet. She kissed me again, licking me as I shuddered, waves of orgasm squeezing out the last drops of sperm into her fingers. She took me in again and sucked, and then just held me tenderly.

As her stream tapered off, she had her arms around my thighs, hands on my ass, with her face resting gently against my still-hard cock. Her cheek would be sticky when next I kissed her. My knees were so weak I could barely stand and I panted for breath. My hands rested on her head as if in benediction. The trees stood silent witness along the shore, the stars blazed overhead, and behind me and all around us the breath of the night sighed over the lake, cool and soft against our naked skin.
