Coach Trip Nightmare

Author: Nigel (1999-10-03 at 07:47) #43730

I recently went on a business trip to Belgium by coach. I teamed up with three colleagues, two girls and a guy, and we got chatting and ended up playing cards for most of the trip there.

One of the girls was georgeous, shoulder length blonde hair and wearing the most fantastic pair of tight jeans I've ever seen. I just couldn't take my eyes away from her crotch for virtually the whole trip!

Anyway we spent three days in Belgium and to my joy she was one of those girls who had to make frequent trips to the bathroom to relieve herself. Every opportunity was taken, whether it be a service stop, in a restaurant or a conference comfort break.

After our trip we had the long coach trip back to look forward to. The coach didn't leave until mid morning so by the time we got on we had already had several coffee's and a beer at a local cafe. Normally I knew this girl would visit the bathroom before we left but we had already checked out of our rooms and there were no toilets in the foyer of our hotel where we gathered with the rest of the group.

Back on the coach our card school soon got underway again and we barely noticed the time passing. Two hours later however I began to notice Jackie gazing out of the window more as her concentration on the game started to waver. I noticed her legs were pressed together tighter than usual and guessed she needed the loo.

Our game continued a while longer until she said she'd rather sit out for a bit. We all decided to stop and I sat back, gazing across at her as she started to bite her bottom lip in anxiety. Both her hands were pressed between her thighs and I could tell she needed to go pretty bad by now.

Half an hour or so later she finally asked if anyone knew when we would stop. Nobody knew for sure and it was then that she confessed that she could really do with a pee. The coach carried on and before long I noticed her legs starting to jiggle up and down. I was enjoying the sight immensely I can tell you! I leaned across and asked her if she was okay. Nodding she still said she could really, really do with a wee!

We had been travelling almost three hours by now and I guessed we'd soon stop. An hour later though we still hadn't stopped and Jackie was clearly becoming frantic. Her legs were jiggling up and down faster still and she grimaced each time the coach crossed a rough piece of road.

Not long after the driver finally announced he would be pulling into the next service area in about twenty minutes. It was just after a border crossing and we all had to dig out our passports.

As we neared the border the traffic queues built up alarmingly and soon we were stuck in a mile long queue, crawling slowly. This was almost too much for Jackie who had to endure another hour of waiting. When we finally made it through to the services she made a mad dash ahead of us towards the Ladies. There were no signs she had wet herself when she met up with us moments later but the smile of relief on her face told us all how close she had come!

