Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 10
	Unexpected roadtrip leads to her exploding more than one way.
Author: sin138

I apologise for the late post, as other things got in the way. The next story should come hopefully soon. This story contains some elements some readers may find offensive near the end. Please offer feedback if you wish, and thank you for your patience.

*****

Road Trip

This is too much. It has been building up since the torture began. After all this time under her batchmates, this is probably the worst she has felt.

The NRI looks up to the clock to see five minutes left. She has tried to ask the professors, but they will not allow her to leave for the bathroom until paper is finished.

It is the last exam paper for this semester. She had no plan on writing, but Hridhya, and Anuj were adamant on her doing them. Despite their push for her to write, she never got the chance to study them in the first place. They kept her busy giving pop quizzes for her slut curriculum, and every time she fails, she had to spend a night in one of the apartments for her special hospitality. She now knows more about the mechanism of fellatio stimulation than she does in the mechanism of cheese reaction from antidepressant usage.

On the days she did pass, she was permitted to prepare for her term papers, but instead she thought back at the night she left Prianka in the club. It kept her up at night, for she thought all the awful things would only happen to her. Why did Hridhya make her leave the girl behind? She never told Priya, nor Zakir about it, worried about what they will think of her abandoning someone in such a vulnerable state. She couldn't sleep as nightmares of Prianka appearing haunts her. She stands wearing nothing asking the NRI, "Why didn't you take me?"

Her three 'professors' however thought that was the most hilarious prank they pulled. When they got the video the next day, Rupesh and Anuj high fived one another, and Hridhya grinned, while they watched the gangbang video. The boys talked about how tight Prianka's body is, while Deepika was told to masturbate to the video as they showered praise for betraying a person who wanted to hang out with her. Their praises hit her like a cement brick. She wanted to scream at them, but not once had she got the courage to speak up. She knows if she did, it would fall on to deaf ears, and those same people will punish her in some way. Her anger is still trapped inside, waiting to break out.

"RING!"

She bolts the moment the bell rings, ending the exam. She didn't bother bringing her bag to the hall, so all she had to do was put the pen in her purse, which she picks up from the front table. Despite not being able to study, she was able to write something thanks to candid conversations from the others of the material throughout the months.

She bolts past the public bathrooms, knowing that she would have to piss in the men's room, and without her clothes. Since that rule came, she would hold it in until she reaches to the apartment. She squeezes through the crowd, to get out of the building, feeling her pressure build up. She hears Priya's voice at a distance, calling out for her, so she tries to reach to her quickly. They planned on hanging out together tonight to celebrate the end of the first term. She can use the toilet in Priya's room, and get ready for a wild night.

Suddenly she feels her arms being pulled. Figuring Priya must have found her, she walks in the direction of her yanked arm. She is dragged down the stairs and through the thickened crowd. Finally she sees the door, and is and thankful she could get out.

"We are going on a trip!"

That voice! She then realises that it was Rupesh dragging her out. She finally is outside, but instead of relief, she feels even more restricted somehow. She knows today is not the day to relax.

"I need to pee, sir!"

"There's no time, Deepika," he replies. "Abhishek already started the car."

Without seeing what's happening she finds herself being shoved into the back of the car, and in between Anuj and someone she does not know. Abhishek starts the car with Rupesh in the passenger seat, and the gang speeds off out of the parking lot.

"Can I at least go to the bathroom?"

"Sure," Rupesh laughs. "We'll take you to the boy's bathroom, where you can strip naked in front of all the college guys, who still don't know you're the one who sucked patient's cock."

That is the last thing she wants to happen. She bows her heard and mutters, "Nevermind."

A part of her is trying not to let out the urine, but a part of her also did question how no one seems to know about that time she gave a patient a blowjob. She has not felt a dirty look from anyone since that incident. The batchmates in her posting, sometimes grin at her, but aside from being casually groped by the guys, none seemed to have told anyone. The story has spread to the entire campus, but her name was never brought up.

"We'll meet the girls there," Abhishek explains to everyone. "Zakir will ride with them. They do seem confused why Deepika didn't go with them."

"We know she'll feel more comfortable with us," Anuj sneers, fondling her left tit. "Dhilip! Take care of the right boob."

The boy on the other side starts to do the same on the right. Deepika turns to see his face, and then it hits her. He is the host from the room, which smelled like weed.

"Ok, Anuj you didn't explain why we are bringing this junior with us," Rupesh exclaims, before turning to the weed smoker. "You! What's your name?"

The junior jumps in fear at being questioned. He moves his hands away from Deepika and starts to speak. "S-ss-sir, m-m-my name isss."

"Louder," Anuj shouted.

"SIR, MY NAME IS DHILIP, FIRST YEAR! I'M FROM DELHI, AND MY DAD IS A GYNACOLOGIST, WHILE MY MOM IS A UROLOGIST!"

"Ok, you can stop shouting," Abhishek grunts, as he starts the car and leaves the parking lot.

While driving, they kept grilling him with questions. Deepika is trying hard not to piss her pants laughing. They asked about his sex life, how many times he ejaculated, and even obscene questions like his fetish, or if he ever imagined his sister or mother naked. As evil as it seems, Deepika was laughing at his clear discomfort. For once, the focus was not on her.

"Hey should we get him do something?"

"Umm, sir?" he nervously asks, turning to Anuj.

"Relax they won't make you do anything awful," he chuckles.

"What?" Rupesh asks, sounding disappointed.

"I already took care of him," Anuj replied. "This dumbfuck was bragging to me about how he saw a senior naked, and she gave him a blowjob. Think we all can guess who he saw."

The NRI feels their eyes pierce through after that statement.

"What did you make him do," Rupesh asks. "Like pole dancing, or propose to a senior, or have him dance in his underwear?"

"I had him strip naked in front of his friends, and pleasure himself with Deepika's vibrator up his ass, until he ejaculated on the floor. All while his friends jerked off to him."

There is silence after what Anuj said. Even Deepika stares dumbfounded.

"What," Rupesh disturbingly replied.

"That is disgusting, Anuj," Abhishek gruffed.

"If he was willing to do that, and still not report me to college, then I figured he won't mind tagging along with us to help our slut here."

"Fair enough," Rupesh rolls his eyes. "But if you want to be cool with us, you have to earn it."

"What do you want me to do sir?"

"Take care of Deepika here. Where we are going, she is wearing too much clothes."

"With pleasure," he yells excitedly.

"Some ground rules."

"Right now, you're just a pledge. You cannot fuck her, or even touch your dick to satisfy yourself. However, you can touch Deepika on any part of her body. It just has to be with your hands or mouth. NOT YOUR COCK!"

"Yes sir," he mumbles. "Sir, how much should I take off?"

"I'll leave that to you," he smiles. "And Deepika, I think we can expect you to not protest."

"Excuse me ma'am-"

"Don't call her ma'am," Anuj adds. "You maybe our junior, but she's still a slut. Call her a cunt, bitch, slut, or whore, her name, or anything else. Just don't call her ma'am."

"Sir is she okay with this? "

"Don't talk back to a senior, Dhilip," Rupesh warns. "But to answer your question, yes. She agreed to this long back. With her no can also mean yes."

"Okay!" the excited junior squeals.

"You guys still haven't told me where we are going," The NRI whines.

"We're going to Goa," Rupesh announces.

"GOA!?" she screams. "I can't go! I am going to party with Priya tonight!"

"That can wait," Rupesh laughs. "If you don't want to go, we can drop you off in the middle of the road."

Deepika is dismayed at the news. She wanted to hang out with Priya for the night. How is she going to explain that she has been forcefully escorted on a trip?

With the added enthusiasm, Dhilip starts to rip her kurti top off, exposing her bra clad, chest. She lets him continue, still having her head run through how she can explain it to her former roommate. He pulls down her pajama pants leaving her half naked in cotton gray panties, and bra. Before he could toss it to back, Anuj opens the window.

"What's the point of keeping those if she's not going to wear them there?"

The junior then throws her clothes outside, happy at Anuj's approval.

"Is this okay?"

"If it's done on any other girl, yes," Anuj answers.

"Only if she's okay with it," Rupesh interjects. The last thing he wants is to go to jail because this idiot does this to someone else.

"Debatable," Anuj scoffs. "Deepika however isn't any ordinary girl. She is a slut. Deepika, recite the proper attire a slut must wear."

"Whatever other people are wearing, you must wear one layer less."

"She is going to a place full of beaches, and people in swimsuits. It should be less than that."

Abhishek rolls his eyes in at Anuj's statement, having no idea what they are talking about.

Dhilip then goes on to start pulling her bra off. He does not even bother opening it. She feels the tightness under her boobs, until Anuj, thankfully unsnaps it. The junior then goes on to pull her panties down, and toss both out the window.

"Sir, is this enough?"

"I think we should let her keep her sandals on."

"Sorry ma'am if I went to far."

"Don't be," Anuj chuckles, as he slaps Deepika right on the pussy. "You went beyond our expectations. That deserves plus marks. Plus, stop calling her ma'am. She may senior to you, but she is not above."

The slap, helped cause ripples in her full bladder. She does not know how long she could hold it in.

"Hey we are passing a restaurant," Abhishek comments. "Anyone needs to piss?"

"No."

"No."

"No."

"Yes!"

"No one important then," Abhishek says, and keeps on driving, much to Deepika's disappointment.

Soon she starts to feel the fingers of the junior, touching her nipples. She gasps, as his hands run down her tummy.

"I've never touched a girl before," he says. "How does her cunt feel?"

He sticks his finger insider her snatch, to wriggle around inside, as Deepika moans.

"Sirs, do girls pee from the same hole as the vagina?"

"You have to be fucking kidding me," Abhishek grunts.

"Did you not learn the reproductive organs yet?"

"I don't know," he admits. "My friends and I are normally are too high to leave the apartment."

"I can see why you like him Anuj," Rupesh snickers. "He makes you look smart."

"Mada chot," Anuj curses. "Deepika, spread your legs over our laps. We need to give this choot a lesson in anatomy."

Deepika obeys, and even puts her arm around the two perverts as the bend over to have a closer look at her hairless cunt. Rupesh, in the meanwhile tapes the event, careful not to expose the two students, and focus solely on Deepika's body. Deepika is too focused on not pissing in the car to even think about what these people are doing.

Abhishek is getting more annoyed with the situation. As much as all of this is getting on his nerves, it mostly has to do with the fact that he cannot even join the gang.

"I wonder if Zakir has to put up with this nonsense in the other car," he mutters.

Zakir and the girls

"That is horrible to hear," Zakir exclaims feigning a shock look.

"Exactly," Madhavi tells Zakir.

"Prianka had to go home, since the school will not help her," a tearful Aaisha tells. "They said that since she was drunk, and stayed past the curfew, they blame her for what happened. It's disgusting they chose not do anything. This is the problem with this country. If something like this happens, they protect the rapists!"

Zakir wanted to slap both Anuj, and Hridhya for such a stupid stunt. What if the phone was in the wrong hands? They may find this, and trace it to them, especially with Hridhya calling the NRI that same night. Now he has to worry about not giving anything away to the girls in the car. He decides to console them as much as he could, and possibly more.

"It's not just here, Aisha," Zakir tells her. "Something happened to my cousin in America. She was missing for years until recently. However she was never the same. The police never helped."

"That's horrible," Abhinaya cries. "I'm sorry for thinking you were a creep. I didn't know you too suffered too."

"It wasn't me, it was my cousin," he says. "I was just someone who knows her. I wish I knew what to do. My aunt however suffered more than me. Society has turned its back on her, and she never got out."

Part of him feels guilty for bringing them up but he figures it will show his empathy to these women.

"It's not your fault," Madhavi consoles him. "What could you have done? We at least stayed in the hotel sleeping. We had no idea she left the room. We should have made sure we were all together."

"You shouldn't blame yourselves," he calmly told them. "What could you have done? Whoever used her and just let her out on the road, they are the true monsters. I mean Prianka is not Deepika, who probably would have enjoyed the attention."

The girls feel uneasy at the last statement.

"I don't know," Aisha sighed. "I know she's free spirited, but I don't think even she deserves this treatment either."

"I wonder how she is feeling being the only girl in the car."

"Not much I think," Madhavi replies. "Maybe some dirty talk or flashing, but it's not like she is letting them fondle her naked body."

"Why did your mind go to her getting naked, and why are you blushing?" Aisha laughs.

"No reason," she quickly mutters, trying to focus on driving. Part of her feels disappointed, because she wanted to see Deepika.

"Madhavi's right," Abhinaya says. "Deepika is not a proper girl. She's probably flashing her boobs to those guys."

It does not take long, but Abhinaya and Aisha start telling Zakir how they truly felt about Deepika. How she seems to be the type of girl who does not mind showing off, if it means she the centre of attention. How her fashion costume for the fresher's show was too revealing.

Madhavi, however is trying to shut out the comments to focus on the driving. Zakir laughs along with the others, while enjoying what he hears. Soon they start talking about her interactions with super seniors, and the fact she randomly didn't even go to college for a month for a Bangalore trip with them. They explain they felt grossed out that she even kissed those near middle aged rejects. They even discussed how strange it was neither one paid for the restaurant bill, the moment Deepika came back from her long bathroom break. Eventually all go silent, until Aisha breaks it.

"You know, the more I think about it, Zakir is probably right. Deepika didn't mind fucking those seniors. It would've been better if it was her, instead of Prianka."

"That is absolutely awful to say," Madhavi blasts Aisha.

However Abhinaya defends her. "Please Madhavi. She had no problem fucking me when I was wasted. And neither did either of you, should I remind you. Let's face it. If it was Deepika instead of poor Prianka, it probably wouldn't be rape. She would have enjoyed without question.

Zakir didn't reacting to what Abhinaya said about lesbian sex. Instead he sits quietly listening to the conversation.

"No need to stop," Rupesh tells Abhishek. "We brought food."

"Oh yes," he sarcastically replies. "Nothing beats chocolate and chips."

Four hours had passed, and Deepika tries desperately hard to hold her urine in, but it proves to be hard, with two people spreading her labia open.

"So that's where piss comes from girls," Dhilip says in astonishment, while Anuj points at the urethra. "What is it called?"

"It's called a pee-hole," Anuj snickers while the other three sophomores confused with what he was saying. Is he was playing with the junior, or genuinely does not know what it's called? The junior however, looks up to Anuj with the amazement of his knowledge.

"What happens if I poke my finger through it?"

"Why not try it and find out."

'No!' the NRI screamed internally.

However, much to Deepika's dismay, he tries to insert his little finger into her urethra, making her feel immense discomfort. Thankfully that does not last long as the junior jerks his hand away suddenly. Unfortunately, it is because sticking his finger in, something else starts to come out.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON??" Abhishek shrieks, ramming the breaks.

All four watch in shock as Deepika relieves herself in the back of the car. All, except Abhishek, laugh hysterically. With her legs spread over the Anuj's and Dhilip's laps, and her arms over their shoulders, a long stream reaches the dashboard. She does not hear Abhishek's angry rant, initially as she was in bliss after holding it for what seems like hours. To top it off, she even had a small orgasm at the idea her very public bathroom break is seen by everyone in the car. Eventually reality hits her, when Abhishek forcibly pulls her out of the car into the open road.

"What is your problem?" he screeches. "First you slut around like some slut, and now you piss in my car, LIKE A FUCKING SLUT??"

"What a wide vocabulary you got there," Rupesh sarcastically comments.

"SHUT UP! Thanks to bitches like her, good girls also seem to like fucking others dicks! She ruined her!"

"What the hell is he talking about?" Anuj asks.

"He likes Prianka," Rupesh comments, while trying not to laugh. He kept telling Abhishek to at least ask her out. He knows she would reject him, but at least he could have moved on.

Deepika's eyes widened. She starts to feel some sympathy for him for losing the girl loves. She goes up to him and hugs him, pressing her breasts against his torso.

"I am sorry, Abhishek," she tells him. "I can't how it might feel to lose her like this."

"Get off me," he angrily pushes her away. "I don't know how, but somehow it's your fault. She was an angel, until she got drunk to screw some coolies, and became a wh-OOMMPH!"

In view of everyone, Deepika knees Abhishek straight in the scrotum. He falls to the floor and cries in pain.

With never an opportunity to speak against what happened to Prianka, she finally snaps.

"What is wrong with you?" she blurts. "Prianka was attacked! And instead of feeling bad that something happened to her, you are bitching about her virginity??"

"Bitch you better keep your mouth-"

"You shutup Anuj, or I'll shove a piece a gum up your cock again!"

Anuj just stays silent.

"What did she say about shoving-"

"Not now Dhilip," Rupesh hushes the junior.

"I expect that creep, Anuj, to talk like this, but you? You're acting like you're some decent guy, but if someone does not go according to your standards; they are suddenly not worth anything?? Girls like to drink! We also like to fuck! And when I took her to the club, it was not her fault that they took advantage of her! She could not have said yes in her state!"

