Full To The Brim - Part 2

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Finally Dr. Penn left, and the ladies could get started with the day’s work. Ruth walked slowly and slightly hunched over with faltering steps, but continued to use only her muscles to hold back her monstrous burden of pee. Her fists were clenched, and she was barely getting anything done, but the others continued to stare at her disbelievingly. “All that piss and still not showing real signs of desperation!?!? Amazing!!” the other women thought simultaneously. Brittany was doing everything in her power to act like Ruth, but she had to give in and fidget every five or ten minutes to hold her waters at bay. Amy and Claire were squirming madly, but finally, after another drink for all the women at 10 am, by 10:30 they were too desperate to last any longer.

Ruth still had the catheter, but the others were certain that she could take in no more, especially with the drinks she’d consumed on top of everything, for Ruth had refused to not drink what the others were drinking, even at their insistence that she’d had enough. “No…I must….do it…” she’d replied, polishing off the large glass of water. It was decided that Sarah would take on the women’s pee, having the second largest bladder and more sphincter strength than Megan. So Sarah went and retrieved the catheter from Ruth, who was in the study again, but Amy and Claire were so beside themselves with desperation that they could not even wait until they were out of the same room to piss, and thus emptied themselves into Sarah mere feet from Ruth.

All the practice they’d had with holding over the past day was paying off, as both ladies released hissing streams of just over 30 seconds each, and that was what finally broke the camel’s back and bladder. The prolonged sound of the women pissing began to send wave after wave of renewed pressure hurtling into Ruth’s sphincter muscle. Her pent-up pee began to batter it relentlessly, searching for a way out, as her bladder began to contract again and again to force it out. Ruth’s legs started to shake, slightly at first, and then more and more, until the shaking was violent in its intensity. She squeezed her eyes shut, ground her teeth together, and let out a desperate moan, clenching her sphincter harder than ever, but it was no use. Her pee was seconds from escaping, and finally Ruth, the bladder queen, had to frantically bend and cross her legs, her pride abandoned to ward off the oncoming flood.

Sarah, Claire, and Amy just stared in awe. Ruth, the woman who never met an urge she couldn’t handle, was now having to nearly pee dance to keep in her long-held waters. It was a sight that they never thought they’d see. After many minutes Ruth’s bladder seemed to calm slightly, but she remained standing with her legs crossed at the ankles. She was facing away from the other women, but turned her head slightly towards them and said, breathing heavily, “Yes dears, as you can plainly see I’m gagging for a chamber pot. It can happen to me too, it just takes longer. Now leave me if you don’t mind, I have some urges I need to fight, and I think it’s going to be quite a battle.” It had been 34 and a half hours with no break for Ruth, her stretched bladder walls, and her tiring sphincter muscles.

It was noon, and Megan and Sarah had just finished making lunch for the ladies. Claire and Amy came in to the dining room at their call. The four began to talk, and realized that none of them had seen Ruth since the incident earlier. She’d shut the door to the room she was in and had not opened it since that they had seen. Just then Brittany walked into the room, overhearing the last of their conversation. She was nearly hopping from foot to foot but trying desperately to control herself. “I just talked to Ruth,” she said to them, “She told me to bring in her food…and drink…to her and she’ll have it in the study by herself. She also thanks you all very kindly for making the food and hopes you can accept the fact that she probably won’t be getting any more work done today.” The other women nodded their assent, and gave Brittany a tray with Ruth’s lunch on it.

Brittany walked quickly to the study. Carrying the tray prevented her from holding herself in any way, and she longed to give her sphincter muscles some support from her hands. Finally she reached the closed door of the study, so she put down the tray and knocked. A slow pitter-patter of footsteps could be heard on the other side of the door, and after a minute it opened to reveal Ruth. But it was a Ruth that Brittany had never seen before. Face disheveled, hair strewn about her features, sweat on her brow, strained expression, bent at the waist, hand on her crotch, legs crossed, Ruth looked to all the world like a normal woman desperate to pee.

Brittany remained shocked stiff until Ruth gasped, “Why thank you darling….do you think you could….perhaps bring that in for me …..and set it on the far table……as you can see I’m in a peck of distress.” Brittany shook the incredulous look off of her face and brought the tray inside, placing it on a small table in the corner of the study while Ruth hobbled behind her. “Thank you dear, that’s good,” Ruth said, sitting down to eat her meal.

“Erm…how’s your bladder doing?” Brittany asked, nervous as to what the answer may be. Ruth looked up at her, winced and bent forward as another wave of desperation wracked her body, and then responded, “It’s doing what one would expect after 36 hours without any relief. It’s fighting to unload its contents right here on the floor. Luckily I have experience with preventing that from happening, but its getting tough, I won’t lie. I’m full to the brim after all, and my sphincter is tiring. But enough about me; how are you? How long’s it been now since you emptied your bladder?” Brittany had totally forgotten about her own desperation in the midst of Ruth’s, but now that she had mentioned it, Brittany’s bladder began to pulse, pleading its case to be emptied. Brittany thought back to when her last pee was, a process that was made more difficult than usual due to her bladder’s current state.

“Ah….well, I think it was a little after 8:30 last night, when Dr. Penn returned without the promised chamber pots. So that makes it…about 15 and a half hours……..wait a minute……I haven’t peed for 15 and a half hours?? I’ve NEVER lasted nearly that long! Oh my gosh, Ruth, you’re a godsend!” Brittany said excitedly. “Oh, darling, I knew your bladder could do it. Keep it up, you’re doing exceptionally well! Don’t let out even a drop. That’s your flood building up in there, and you should be able to make it as big as you want it to be. Remember, you’re in control,” Ruth told her. “Yes ma’am!” Brittany said, doing a funny little salute to Ruth.

“And Ruth,” Brittany said, seeing Ruth’s clenched fist hovering on her inner thigh, “Remember, you’re in control too.” She gave Ruth a bashful smile. “Oh don’t worry darling, I know. Nothing’s coming out of me, no miss,” Ruth said reassuringly, smiling back despite the sweat on her brow and the effort it was taking to control herself. Brittany let out a happy giggle at that, and left Ruth to eat, drink, and hold, in peace.

Meanwhile, by 2 pm, Amy, Claire, and Megan with her weakened bladder all felt the effects of their drinks from lunch, and as a result Sarah found herself getting fuller and fuller to help them out. She loved the feeling deep in her abdomen, but knew that things would be getting urgent by the time Dr. Penn arrived back at the mansion that evening. The four women also saw Brittany pee dancing some as she walked by the room they were in, but she didn’t stop to ask Sarah for an emptying. “My gosh, how is she lasting so long??” Claire asked aloud, “Just yesterday she couldn’t hold it for hardly an hour, and now…..I don’t think she’s gone since yesterday evening!”

“She’s trying to be Ruth,” Amy smirked, “But she needs to realize that Ruth’s bladder and her bladder are not comparable. She’ll give this little charade up soon enough.”

“I hope Ruth’s doing alright herself. Did you see the bulge of her bladder?? And she actually was showing signs of desperation! I’ve never seen her hold it to that point before. Her self-control is always unmatched,” Sarah said. “I don’t think I could stay here and bear that guilt if Ruth loses it all and has to leave because of us. She just has to hold on!” Megan replied.

Time continued to pass, and much to the women’s amazement, and Amy’s chagrin, Brittany did not seek relief from Sarah. Everytime someone saw her, they would tell the others that Brittany was hopping about frantically and simply couldn’t last much longer, and yet, she was still holding it. Her formerly tiny bladder was now so full that it was actually bulging a good deal. Brittany had never seen that before, and when she noticed it she couldn’t resist moving her hands over it enthusiastically, her face filled with pride and thankfulness towards Ruth. The ever-growing bulge gave her confidence, and Brittany continued to hold with renewed vigor. At 6 pm Amy and Claire had finished making dinner, and called everyone in to the dining room to eat. Once again Brittany volunteered to take Ruth her food and drink, though by this point she could hardly walk and hold the tray at the same time. Gritting her teeth and steeling her muscles, Brittany began the long walk to the study.

The entire time from lunch until dinner was spent by Ruth in the study. Her conversation with the younger Brittany had given her inspiration to hold on even harder. Desperately she had continued to try and stand and walk about normally, all the time fighting the horrible urge between her legs. After the drinks she had consumed with lunch, Ruth’s bladder looked to her as though it was about to pop out of her skin. Her sphincter was weakened and spasming, but Ruth would not allow it to unclamp. Her years of bladder training had prepared her for this plight, but only just. As she walked about the room with stiff steps, thigh muscles permanently tightened, Ruth thought of everything she could to help her hold back the oncoming tide of relief.

She thought of her time at Penn Manor. For her entire stay, Ruth had never had anything less than total composure at all times, and now that was but a pipedream. “No, I can’t give in! I am a true and proper lady who has total control over her urination habits! My bladder is something to be ignored only, never emptied! I am its master and it will remain in this state of fullness for as long as I desire! Not one drop will escape!” she muttered, repeating these and other such mantras over and over. But the pressure continued to grow, and every five minutes or so Ruth would have to break out into an exaggerated pee dance to keep her long held waters in.

Her bulging bladder was begging and crying for release. Ruth clenched her sphincter harder and returned to her muttering. “I do not need to pee. I never have needed to pee, and I never will. Easing myself for my own comfort is not necessary. I am a strong woman with an iron bladder that never needs emptying. Why, I can hold it forever if I so choose.” Ruth continued to rant, but still her need increased. Her bladder began to spasm more and more frequently, and with greater ferocity. Desperate to contain herself, Ruth began to dream up a scenario where she was 18 years old again and with her mother. “Ruth! What are you doing, looking frantic for a bathroom like some wriggling school girl! Have some self-respect and hold it,” her mother was telling her. “But mother, I have! It’s been dreadfully long! I don’t know how much longer I can make it without letting just a little bit go,” Ruth nearly sobbed to her. Her mother gave her a stern look.

“You will let none go young lady, and you will hold it as I know you can, and should, do! Your bladder is much too strong to be pissing whenever it wants,” her mother told her. “But mom! It’s been hours! And I’m holding so much! Look!” Ruth cried, showing her mother the significant bulge of her bladder. Her mother gave her another look, but this one was softer, more soothing.

“Dear, there are some times that you must cope with the fullness and keep it in, no matter what,” she explained. With that, Ruth’s mother tore down the front of her dress to reveal a corset, pulled tight around her frame. She let it out and dropped it to the ground, and Ruth’s eyes grew wide as she saw the bulge of her mother’s bladder, far exceeding that of her own. Yet her mother didn’t even appear to have an urge to pee at all! “I was drinking pints of ale last night, and had over a full pot of tea while seeing friends this afternoon, and I’m containing it all right where it should be contained – in my bladder,” Ruth’s mother said, “And it’s going to stay there, because I have to get going. It’s time for dinner. It’s time for dinner. It’s time for dinner!”

“It’s time for dinner! Oh Ruth won’t you open up?” Brittany yelled, banging on the door of the study. She’d been standing outside of it and getting progressively louder with no answer for minutes now, and she was beginning to fear that Ruth had finally lost control and was too embarrassed and sad to be seen. “No, no, no, that can’t be it!” Brittany thought to herself, “She’s got iron control, she’d never let it out! Not so close to the goal.”

“Ruth, open the door!” she shouted again. Inside the study, Ruth finally snapped out of her trance and became aware of the thunderous racket that Brittany was making to get her attention. Her daydream had been effective. Ruth’s muscles were now locked tightly once again, bending and creaking and near shattering, perhaps, but locked tightly nonetheless. “Ruth, please!” Brittany shouted again, now completely sure of the worst. She went to knock again and the door opened up in front of her hand. There stood Ruth, and at first Brittany thought her fears had been confirmed, for Ruth didn’t look desperate at all. Her legs were apart and she was standing up straight. Her face appeared calm. “Oh Ruth, I’m so sor-“ Brittany stopped short, noticing the terrific bulge still present in Ruth’s lower stomach. Brittany paused for a second, then squealed with delight.

“Oh Ruth I knew you could do it! You’re still holding!” She put down the tray and hugged the older woman, taking Ruth by surprise. They were both smiling by the end of the hug though. When they broke their embrace, Ruth turned her eyes downward and discovered the bulge of Brittany’s bladder. Never had she seen that large of a protrusion in Brittany’s abdomen, and Ruth said, “Brittany, I’m so proud of you for still holding on as well! That bulge is simply magnificent!” Brittany beamed with pride.

“So um, why did you come to see me Brittany? Surely it wasn’t to check if I was still dry?” Ruth asked. “Oh! Oh yes! I mean no! No not at all Ruth, I could never doubt you. I brought you dinner!” Brittany stumbled through her reply before holding up the tray for Ruth. “How thoughtful, and lots to drink, good! Say, why don’t you come in and eat with me,” Ruth offered, opening the door to the teenager. Brittany couldn’t keep the smile off her face as she entered the study to be with her new-found idol.

It was 6:30 pm. The two women sat across from each other, eating their meals and drinking their drinks. They were both fidgeting a good deal, Brittany with 22 hours of pee residing in her smaller but stretched out bladder, and Ruth with 42 and a half hours since she’d relaxed her prodigious sphincter muscles. In the dining room, Sarah, Claire, Amy, and Megan were beginning to get utterly desperate. Sarah, though she loved holding it and filling her bladder, was beginning to seriously doubt her holding capabilities.

She’d been filled up repeatedly by Claire, Amy, and her sister, and now that she was experiencing it for herself, Sarah had no idea how Ruth could cope with so much piss. Sarah’s bladder was full to the brim, with 15 and a half hours since it had felt relief. Claire, Amy, and Megan were only holding 4 and a half hours of pee in their bladders, but the combination of Claire and Amy’s small bladders and Megan’s weaker-than-usual bladder was nearly overwhelming their abilities to stay in control. They sat, muttering with each other, begging Dr. Penn to arrive back at the mansion earlier than the previous day. They realized that their time had almost run out. By 7 pm the four women were all doing frantic pee dances. They could not hold out much longer.

Sarah was palpating her distended bladder, thighs pressed tightly together. Claire and Amy seemed to have twisted themselves into pretzels in a last-ditch effort to resist the urge to urinate. Megan was sobbing as she clutched both hands between her legs. “It’s over! It’s useless! We’ll never make it!” she cried. The others were in no position to disagree with her, but they hung on for dear life, knowing the implications losing their pee on the floor would have. Their sphincters were spasming, and all four women mustered up their last reserves of holding strength to try and wait for Dr. Penn. The ladies were sure they would lose it any minute, but amazingly by 7:30 they were all still dry, though only just.

Each woman was shaking with the effort required to handle the pressure of their pee on their sphincter muscles, desperately fighting the waves of bladder urgency. Finally Megan, the most pessimistic of the women throughout the entire ordeal, cracked. “My bladder’s too weak! I can’t go on…” she sighed in defeat. She began to lift her skirt, resigning herself to the inevitable wetting. “Meg! No!!!” her sister shouted at her, “Don’t….give in! We ca-can ma-make it! I don’t wanna lose you!” It was a last ditch effort by Sarah to make Megan hold on a little longer, but Megan was done. “I’m sorry sis….I just can’t go on any longer…” Megan had tears in her eyes as she spoke, and then she began to open her shaking legs. She felt her sphincter beginning to let go.

“Wait…” Sarah said. Her face was screwed up in concentration. The air was thick with a desperate tension. “I think I heard something…It could only have been…..” Her eyes lit up. “The front door!” she yelled with delight, “I swear I just heard the front door open! Dr. Penn is back! Come on! You can make it Meg!” Sarah began to hobble as fast as she could towards the mansion’s entrance, closely followed by Amy and Claire. “Dr. Penn! Dr. Penn! The chamber pots!” The women shouted as they rumbled down the hallway passages.

They knew their bodies only had seconds of control left in them. Sarah turned the final corner rapidly to find Dr. Penn just closing the front door. Next to him was a cart full of oversized golden chamber pots. Sarah saw them and screamed with joy. Claire and Amy did the same seconds later when they rounded the bend. “Ladies! Quickly! Here you are!” Dr. Penn sprang into action. As each woman reached him, he set down a 2 liter capacity chamber pot from the cart beneath each one’s quivering crotch. Within seconds each woman had hiked up her skirt and pulled away their panties. Three blasts of pee began jetting from the women’s tired pussies into their beloved saviors - the chamber pots. “Aaaaaahhhhhhh!!!” Sarah yelled as she felt the pressure leave her.

Amy and Claire were having similar reactions, mouths open, faces filled with bliss, as they continued to pee and fill the pots. Dr. Penn couldn’t believe how much each of his maids seemed to be holding within themselves. He looked on in shock as the ladies continued to empty their aching bladders. After one minute of continuous peeing, Claire’s stream finally died down and stopped, and Amy’s stopped seconds later. Sarah continued to piss a hard stream for over a minute more while the two fully relieved women began to sigh with contentment. All that could fill Sarah’s mind were thoughts of how she had done it! She had stepped in for Ruth on the second day and her bladder had not let her down! She had saved them…all of them….except….

“Megan!” Sarah shouted in total alarm. In her shock she pushed her pee out even harder into the pot and was empty in seconds. Amy and Claire looked up in disbelief, realizing the situation at hand. Surely she had followed them?? But they looked down the hallway, and Megan did not show up around the corner. Dr. Penn wasted no time. “Where is she???” he asked frantically. “The dining room!” Sarah replied quickly. Dr. Penn grabbed another 2 liter capacity chamber pot off the cart and began sprinting there, the women at his heels, leaving behind two chamber pots filled with 750 ml each, and one filled with 1850 ml. “Please let her be dry! Please let her have hung on! Oh God, don’t let my sister have to leave!” Sarah hoped to herself hysterically. Seconds later they reached the dining room….

Megan was doubled over, wailing from bladder agony. She had adopted a pigeon-toed stance with her knees bending inward, and both hands were digging into her vagina. Sarah looked on in amazement – no pee had escaped her sister! Her bladder had held up after all! Quick as a flash, Dr. Penn placed the chamber pot under Megan, but the girl did not immediately sink onto it and release her gushing piss. She seemed almost beyond comprehension of anything but holding back her pee, such was her desperation and focus. Sarah went up to her and gently put a hand on her shoulder. “Megan, it’s me! You did it! You can pee now!” she said. Megan remained with her head down, struggling to fight the urge to release. “I….I held it…..You said to wait…..I’m waiting…..I won’t let it out….I won’t….I….” Megan whispered, the effort the hold was taking evident in her voice. “Meg! Meg! Look at me! It’s all over now. You made it,” Sarah told her. At first, there was no response.

Then slowly Megan raised her eyes to meet Sarah, and they lost their glazed look as she finally seemed to realize what her sister was saying. Megan lifted her skirt, pulled her panties to the side, and began to let loose a high-pressured blast of urine into the chamber pot. Relief washed over her face as her pee continued to come. Laughing with glee, Sarah hugged her sister, even as she was still squatting and pissing. Megan joined in, and soon all five of them, Dr. Penn included, were laughing with happiness, their ordeal finally over with. Megan’s pee stream ran dry just as everyone was gathering their wits again, and she’d filled 1500 ml into the chamber pot in a minute and a half. “Well girls,” Dr. Penn spoke up, “I am glad that you were all able to follow my instructions and hold it for me. You’ve all done wonderfully but……..where are Brittany and Ruth? Surely they did not have accidents? Is that why they have not followed you here for relief?”

Brittany and Ruth’s fidgeting had become more and more pronounced as they finished their meal and time continued to pass. Brittany was sliding back and forth from side to side in her chair, trying to remind herself that the pressure could be contained, though her bladder seemed to disagree with her, sending waves of urgency over her to make her fidgeting worse. Ruth had her legs crossed, and her higher leg was bobbing up and down incessantly. Neither was talking with the other. Both of them were content to simply be in each other’s presence as they battled to control and put off such an ordinary need. The study was closer to the front of the mansion than the dining room, and even though the study’s door was closed, both women clearly heard the front door open.

“Dr. Penn has returned!” Ruth said excitedly. She rose from her seat slowly, and suddenly heard quick thundering footsteps and shouting. “The others made it! They lasted!” she said enthusiastically to Brittany. Ruth kept listening and soon the sound of hard pissing into chamber pots reached her ears. “They’re going in chamber pots Brittany! I can hear it! Come on, you’ve done perfectly. Now let’s get some much-needed and well-deserved relief!” Ruth said, beckoning Brittany to come with her. Brittany hesitated, biting her lip. She did not move from her seat. “What is it dear? What’s wrong?” Ruth asked, looking at her quizzically. Brittany stared up at Ruth imploringly, but still said nothing.

“Come on dear. What’s going on?” Ruth asked again. Brittany breathed out, took in a big breath, and finally spoke. “Please don’t be angry with me Ruth…please don’t. It’s just…ever since you came to my aid yesterday and saved me from having to leave this place, your strength has captivated me. Your bladder, your willpower, your ability to keep looking normal despite being full to the brim, it’s all captured my imagination and let it run wild. I don’t want this to be over yet. I…I wanna see you push yourself as far as you can. I wanna see when you, my bladder queen with seemingly infinite stamina, reach your limit. I want to see your absolute max, until you really can’t hold it for another second. I want to see just how much endurance you have Ruth. That thought excites me to no end.” Brittany finished and looked up shamefaced at Ruth. To her surprise, Ruth wasn’t frowning or looking as if she would yell at the younger girl. Instead she had a peculiar expression on her face.

“So….let me see if I understand this correctly,” Ruth began, “You love the fact that my bladder is seemingly made of iron. You love how big and strong it is, and how easy it is for me to hold liters of pee for hours on end with no sign of complaint. Because my bladder possesses such strength and capacity, the thought of me losing control excites you. You wonder what it would actually take to break me and make me give in to the urge to pee. The thought of me having a limit excites you, and you want to find that outer limit, no matter how much agony I have to endure to reach it. That’s what you want?” Brittany’s eyes had glazed over slightly. “Ruth….what you just said….those things….that’s exactly what I want. I want to see just how far you can go…without going!” Brittany replied enthusiastically.

“I’ll let you in on a little secret,” Ruth told her, eyes gleaming, “That’s my fantasy too. To hold it as long as absolutely possible with someone encouraging me to keep holding longer still. I want that. I need to find my limits. Let’s find my limits and push past them Brittany!” Brittany could barely believe her ears. Her head was spinning. The only thing it seemed that was keeping her mind from floating away into a fantasyland entirely was her own urgent need to piss. She crossed her legs tighter.

Ruth saw her do it, and asked, “But what about you? Surely you want to get some relief for your aching bladder by now? The chamber pots have arrived dear! You can pee now while I hold!” Brittany hesitated again before responding, but Ruth cocked her head at her, so Brittany answered truthfully, “Well…Ruth, it turns me on so much to see you holding and seemingly have no limit. You’re like a human chamber pot, and I really want to continue that fantasy. I only want to pee into your bladder Ruth.” Ruth shivered with excitement. There was wetness on her thighs, but it wasn’t pee, for her bladder was still clamped tightly. “I’d love that darling,” Ruth told her, “Now let’s go tell the others what we’ve decided before they think we couldn’t hold it.”

“Well, where are they?” Dr. Penn asked the newly relieved women with concern. “We’re right here,” a voice answered from behind Dr. Penn, and he turned and saw the two ladies standing in the doorway, legs close together, bobbing slightly. Ruth’s stomach looked many months pregnant with pee. Brittany’s bulge was far less obtrusive, but still readily noticeable. “Ladies, you have performed exceptionally. Don’t move, I’ll go and fetch your chamber pots,” Dr. Penn said, walking out of the room briskly before either of them had a chance to respond. Ruth and Brittany could only stand there awkwardly in front of the other women until he returned a minute later. All the women opened their eyes wide in surprise.

Dr. Penn was dragging a huge chamber pot across the floor. “Yup, I had them make a 5 liter one especially for you, Ruth. I knew you’d be ready to flood the place. And this,” he said, taking a smaller chamber pot out of the first one, “is another 2 liter one for you, Brittany. Thank you for holding on so long.” He stood back to let them do their business. “Doctor,” Ruth began, “First of all, thank you. This is a very nice gesture, and I appreciate the accommodating size of my special chamber pot. But you see, sir, Brittany has decided to only use me for relief from now on as her own personal chamber pot, and I have decided to deny myself relief for as long as I can handle it.

So we’ll take the catheter and my 5 liter chamber pot, but we won’t be using them quite yet. Also, I apologize for the fact that we will not be getting any work done until this ordeal is over with. It’s just something we must embark on and see through.” The room was silent for a long time. Everyone was stunned, processing the information they’d just heard.

Dr. Penn, Amy, and Claire couldn’t imagine why the women would want to prolong their torture. Sarah and Megan knew, since their full bladders turned them on, at least when they weren’t threatened with leaving their home should their bladders fail, but Sarah could only think of how full Ruth must be, and how much more she could possibly take. Megan, on the other hand, was contemplating how Ruth’s bladder would be able to manage fitting in Brittany’s 23+ hours of pee, maybe more if the girl continued to hold out! After some minutes, Dr. Penn sighed, “Alright, Ruth. I’ll allow it, just this once. But you must not wet yourselves, either of you. I can’t have wetting in my mansion.” Ruth smiled. “Don’t you worry about us,” she said, “I’ve got a bladder of steel, remember?”

It was 10 pm. Brittany and Ruth had drank a glass of water each after their conversation with Dr. Penn, and then retired to the study, where they had stayed ever since. Since they didn’t have to be seen by the others, both had decided to continue holding in the nude, both to see themselves better and to not have their bothersome clothes in the way when they decided to release their urine. Brittany’s condition had worsened ever since the water hit her, and despite Ruth’s words of encouragement and calming techniques, she had resorted to pee-dancing wildly to keep her flood at bay. It appeared to both women that Brittany’s bladder, which had never been held shut for even 12 hours in the past, was finally approaching its actual limit after 26 and a half hours. Ruth’s bladder had reached a gargantuan size and was requiring all of her acute muscle control to still not release the contained fluid, but her bladder was pushed back slightly in her mind as she watched the teenager’s plight.

The girl was jumping up and down, both hands in her crotch, scissoring her legs, sitting with her heel on her peehole, everything that she knew to hold back just a little longer. “Ooooh Ruth! I want to keep holding but I don’t know that I can! The pressure is overwhelming me. I’ve never felt anything like it,” Brittany moaned, her legs in constant motion, in stark contrast to her hands, which stayed glued to her pussy.

“Put the pressure in the back of your mind, don’t focus on it,” Ruth told her, but Brittany responded that she could no longer do that; the pressure was simply too much for her to bear. “Well…then it appears your hold is coming to an end, dear. How long you last now comes down to your willpower. You must keep your sphincter clenched as tightly as you can, and you must keep it clenched like that for as long as possible. If your control wavers for one moment, it will be all over. Be strong, Brittany,” Ruth told her gravely. Brittany grimaced, but nodded and held on for all she was worth.

Over the next 2 and a half hours, Brittany fought an absolute war with the pee inside her. Her muscles stayed locked, quivering but firm, as wave after wave after wave of bladder contractions bore down upon her. Whenever Ruth would catch her eye, she would hear Brittany muttering “I want to be like you. I want to be like you. I want to be like you.” over and over. The entire last hour was nothing but one frantic pee dance, Brittany screaming with effort the entire time as she battled to keep her muscles closed. Ruth thought that she had never seen someone so desperate before, and every second she thought the teen would ask her for the catheter. Finally, at 1 am, 29 hours into her hold, Brittany’s bladder could stand no more. “Ruth….i want to hold….but I can’t….It’s about to come out….The catheter….please….” Brittany said softly, tears streaming down her face at the realization that she had reached her limit. Ruth looked at the girl, crouched over in bladder agony, and said, “Stand.”

“What??” Brittany asked in shock, no doubt expecting relief. “Stand normally, legs apart, no hands, and I will let you have relief. You must stand like a true lady, because you are one,” Ruth said to her. Brittany began to breathe heavily, steeling herself for the impossible task set before her. ‘You can do it, you can do it, be strong, for yourself, for Ruth!’ she thought, whipping her adrenaline into a frenzy for one last display of holding power. In one swift motion, Brittany stood as Ruth had commanded her, her back straight even as the bladder pain threatened to rip her apart. Tears continued to run down her face from the pain and muscle control it was taking to maintain the pose, but Ruth had seen what she needed to see.

“Come here and find your relief in me,” the older woman said. She produced the catheter, inserted it into herself, and inserted the other end into Brittany’s vagina. To Ruth’s surprise, Brittany was still trying to keep control, fighting to the very last second. It was not long, but it was admirable, Brittany’s body soaked with sweat as she held to the end. Finally the need overcame her control for the first time in 29 long hours.

First a trickle, then a dribble, then a spurt, and finally a flood of piss burst out of Brittany’s bladder and traveled through the catheter. The teen moaned with pleasure as her muscles relaxed and pushed out the pee. On the other end of the catheter, Ruth’s bladder was somehow managing to accept the additional urine. Soon, both women were groaning obscenely; Brittany from relief, and Ruth from pure bladder pain. After two minutes of continuous pissing, it was over. Brittany took out the catheter and slumped over in relief and exhaustion. She stayed that way for many minutes before turning to get a view of Ruth, and she could hardly believe her eyes when she did.

###

COMMENTS - 1

Quidditchgirl - Feb 11, 2021

MY FAVORITE STORY ON HERE!!!

I love bladder bulging!
