RAIN IN THE MORNING

Auther: William Abbott

The third of three stories. This one takes place the morning after "Kisses in the Rain.” Waking up on a rainy morning, you're both desperate to pee, horny as hell, and ready to push things to the absolute limit.

You awaken to the sound of rain falling steadily outside. It was a warm night and the window is open, so the patter of raindrops on the leaves is crisp and clear. The sun is just rising and a soft gray twilight filters in, muting the colors of the room.

You’ll have to pee eventually, but you’re not ready to get out of bed just yet. She’s asleep next to you. You put an arm around her and pull her closer, curling around her, and she snuggles into the shelter of your body. You are naked, hard against her softness, though she is wearing a nightgown. You slide your fingers along her thigh, bunching the cloth up around her waist, and let your hand rest over her vulva. Slip it inside her underwear. Ruffle her hair. She moistens as your fingertip gently strokes her slit. Still mostly asleep, she says “Mmmmmmm” and rolls onto her back, parting her legs.

You pull the covers up over your head and crawl under them to kiss her. You nuzzle between her legs, kiss her inner thigh and run your tongue along its length. You slide her panties off of her bottom, kiss her parted lips tasting the wetness between them, then slide the panties to her ankles and off all together. They disappear into the fold of sheets at the foot of the bed. You probe her slit with your tongue and then snake your way up her body to kiss her navel. Her belly has just a little roundness to it, and you suckle at the mound between belly button and pubic hair as if you were at her breast.

“Mmmm,” she says again. “Ffffull bladder.”

You smile. You kiss her again, right over her bladder, and then you scoot down to rub your whole face back and forth against the curls of hair. You stop for breath, forehead resting on her pubic mound, the bridge of your nose nestled between her labia, and your chin tucked between her thighs. Her hair is scratchy against your eyelids, your breath hot against her vulva. Your tongue finds her clit, lapping at it like a cat with a dish of water.

“Too sleeeepy,” she says. “Laater.” She turns again, rolling onto her side and hugging the pillows. You climb out of the bed, lean over her to brush aside her hair and kiss her temple. She smiles. If she were a cat, she’d be purring.

It’s very early, but you’re wide awake now. You’re naked, you’re hard, and you have to pee, but you’ll put that off for a bit longer because holding feels kind of neat. You pad silently down the stairs to the kitchen to make coffee.

In the kitchen, running water to fill the carafe makes you dance a little. Fitting the carafe in place, you squeeze your cock with your free hand.

Morning light fills the kitchen, flooding in through windows and sliding glass doors that overlook the back yard. High fence all around, and overhanging trees—no need to worry about being naked. The coffee is ready and you take your cup to stand in front of the doors looking out at the rain. It’s letting up now, easing off to a trickle. You watch the tiny drips making little splash circles on the deck. Your bladder aches pleasantly, your penis throbs, a little wet at the tip.

Coffee gets things moving inside, and now you have to do something besides pee. You set down the empty cup and go to tend to the body’s needs—but you’re still going to hold your pee, or as much of it as you can. Sitting on the toilet, your cock points at the ceiling anyway. No way you could do both at once; the geometry’s just wrong. You take you penis in hand, wrap your fingers tightly around it and press your thumb over the end, sealing it off. Urethra fills with pee as you bear down. It hurts—stings—but not too much. Stand, then bend forward to aim it down into the bowl. Clamp down inside and release your thumb and a tablespoon or two of pent-up pee jets out. Bladder still pleasantly full. Wash hands. Wash penis, too, just because the soapy slather feels so good.

Back out to the kitchen. Rinse the coffee cup. Running water makes you squirm again. Still naked in front of the glass doors, rain dripping from the trees, soft morning light filling the yard. Still hard.

Back upstairs, then. Climb back into the bed and snuggle in next to her. She gasps, “Your hands are cold!” Warm them between your own thighs for a while, until she reaches for you, takes your hand and moves it onto her vulva. You let it rest there gently until she presses your hand in more firmly. She needs you to grip, not just touch.

Your finger dips into her juices, play with her clit, while your other hand cups the roundness of her buttocks. “Mmmmmm,” she says again. “I was dreaming about sex. About you doing just that.” She’s very wet. “And then I was dreaming about peeing!" she says. You adjust your position, moving your hand so your thumb can find her vagina. Thrust inside. She gasps again. “VERY full bladder!" she says. Her hand gropes for your penis, feels it swollen and rigid. “Somebody likes that.”

You wriggle against her, pressing the whole length of your nakedness against her half-naked body. You kiss her—her mouth, her neck. She moans with pleasure. You find the buttons on her nightgown, undo them, find her breast and suckle. She arches her back.

Then your thumb is back inside her, thrusting in and out, in and out, while your other hand, wet with spit, draws circles around her clit. Suddenly she’s cumming. Her body bucks in your arms as she cries out. You drive your thumb deeper into her and her cunt takes it in hungrily. The hand on her clit is too much—she grasps your hand with hers to hold it still. She’s gasping for breath, her eyes closed, rocking her hips, still grinding against your thumb.

You kiss her again. Your bodies are touching from shoulder to knee, skin to skin or with just the flimsy nightgown between. You withdraw your thumb and now both your hands are sliding over her body—legs, hips, belly, breasts —the nightgown up around her shoulders—and then you take her face in your hands and kiss her deeply, your tongues writhing together. Your penis drools against her hip, leaving a little snail trail along her thigh.

“I have to pee,” she says. You smile and kiss her even more deeply, hold her even more tightly. Then, throwing off the coverlet, you’re between her legs again, kissing her and licking her. She hisses through gritted teeth. “Oh God! I REALLY have to pee.”

She pushes your face away, pulls her legs free from around you. She stands, pulls open the drawer on the nightstand, takes out a condom, hopping up and down in a little pee-pee dance.

She takes your hand. Leads you out of the bedroom, hobbling a little, holding it in. Pulls you out into the hall and towards the bathroom...

...Leads you right past the bathroom door.

You pause, glancing in at the toilet. She flashes you a mischievous smile, leading you further.

Downstairs. Into the kitchen, where she pours herself a big glass of water. Drinks it in one go, glug glug glug, with her free hand pressed into her crotch. Watching her, you hop from one foot to the other. “You too?” she says, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. “But you were up. Haven’t you been up for a while?”

“I didn’t pee,” you tell her.

“Well, then,” she says.

She sets the glass down next to the condom. Crouches down. Takes your penis in her hand. In her mouth. Kisses it. Sucks on the end of it. Licks along the underside of the shaft. Takes it in deep and withdraws, sucking on the head, slathering it with her spit and your pre-cum, her lips still cool from the water she drank. Squatting there in front of you, one hand holding onto you for balance, the other playing with your balls. She wriggles, knocks her knees together, until finally she looks up at you and says, “Oh boy. I’m gonna piss all over the floor if I don’t do something soon.” She gets to her feet, takes both your hands in hers. Smiles at you.

What will she do? You give her a questioning look.

She turns to lead you by the hand again, bouncing on the balls of her feet around the kitchen table to the glass door. It rumbles as she slides it open—steps through—pulls you out after her, only this time instead of leading you by the hand she holds your penis, using it to tow you along.

You’re naked outside now. The deck is slick and cold under bare feet. The rain has stopped but the trees all around are still dripping, the sound almost as steady as rain was. Down the two steps and out onto the grass, unkempt and ankle deep, glistening. Wet to the ankles.

You look at her expectantly. She’s doubled over, both hands squeezed between her thighs through the cloth of the nightgown, her face scrunched with concentration. She takes a deep breath, steadies herself, stands up straight. “I can hold it a little longer,” she says. She grins at you. “You first.”

Huh? Oh. You say, “OK.” You turn aside, penis pointing away from her, up toward the tree tops. Start to relax...

“Wait,” she says. “I want to aim.” She comes up behind you, puts one arm around you to pull your body against hers and reaches the other around to hold your penis.

You try to pee. Nothing happens at first, even though your bladder is stretched tight as a drum. You close your eyes...imagine yourself alone...but her hand begins to move, stroking you, her fingers teasing the length of your penis. “I can’t...” you say, “Wi...with you doing that...”

“You don’t want me to?” she asks.

She rolls her fingers over the head, spreading the slippery pre-cum down the shaft.

“I didn’t say that.”

She moves around in front of you now, her body brushing against you the whole way around, her hand still caressing your penis. She kneels in the grass, hiking up her nightgown to her waist, and pulls you down onto your knees as well. Then she gives you a shove, toppling you back to lie in the very wet grass. She has the condom out again. She rips the packet open with her teeth, lays the little rubber circle over the tip of your penis and unrolls it, working her hands slowly down the length of your shaft. “Missed your chance,” she says, grinning.

She bunches up her nightgown again and walks forward on her knees until she’s straddling you. You gaze up into her eyes, then down at the swell of her breasts under the gauzy white nightgown—the points of her nipples, hard in the cool morning—and then further down to the patch of downy hair between her legs. She trusts her hips forward. Takes you in hand, slides the tip of your penis up and down the length of her slit. Stroking her clit with your penis. Your hands are resting on her thighs, and you can feel the tension in her quads holding her poised over you. She lowers herself a little, sets the tip of your penis just inside the lips of her vagina.

“Oh boy!" she says, “I hope I can do this without peeing.”

She bites her lip, closes her eyes. Hissing through gritted teeth, she settles onto you. As she rests her weight on your hips, your penis rams inside her. She cries out, grimaces, scrunching her eyes closed again. You press up, arching your back, and she starts to wriggle.

“I hope you cum soon,” she says, “because I can’t...ohhh...can’t hold it...aahhgg!”

She’s squirming to hold it in, but that feels great as her vagina clamps down on your penis. You can feel the orgasm welling up inside you. Your hands on her thighs are pulling her down tighter against you.

“Ahhhg!” she says. “I can’t...!”

Hands on your chest, she tries to push herself up, off of you, but you take fistfuls of her nightgown and hold her there.

“Nnnnnggghh!” Every muscle in her body is clenched. “I’m... Oh! I’m sorry!”

“Yes!” you say. “I’m not letting you up!”

“I...!”

You thrust upwards even harder, jamming deeper inside her.

Her face is contorted. Sweat on her brow. Eyes pressed closed.

“I... I... I... Nnnngg!”

Hot. Hot against your belly. Spreading out across your belly.

“Nnnnggaaaaaaahhh!”

Cum swelling up inside you. Penis ramming into her. Hot piss dripping down your sides. Cum gathering under the base of your penis. Balls contract, buttocks clench, and then your cum geysers up through your penis, gushing into the condom, surge, and surge again, and again, your fingers digging into her thighs and her piss spreading heat all over your belly. She’s not even trying to hold it back any more and you can hear it hissing, feel the hot jet against your pubic hair, feel it draining down your sides into the grass.

The sound of the rain in the trees is back, a gentle susurration in the canopy of green overhead, and a few cool drops sprinkle over your body. You grind up against her, drilling into her, cum still pulsing through and out of your penis. Her hair wet with the rain now, curls plastered to her forehead. Her nightgown is growing transparent, a second skin, her nipples erect with the chill as well as with arousal.

You’re panting, gasping for breath, and she is too. Clenching her vagina around you, clamping her thighs around you, meeting you thrusts with your own gyrations. A breath... a gasping breath... and then her whole body shudders and she cries out again. Throws her head back, hands sliding over your chest, butt pressing down against you, onto you, crying out at the sky and then looking down at you. Beaming at you. Leaning down to kiss you. Her weight on her elbows, ruffling your hair, grinning.

She reaches down to the condom, holds it in place while she lifts herself off of you. Kneeling over you still, she peels the wet nightgown from her body, up over her head, tossing it away into the grass.

“Did you...?” you ask. “Did you just...? A second time?”

She raises a finger to shush you. Closes her eyes again, unable to speak, barely able to breathe. Her naked body, sweaty, rain-soaked, still straddling you on her knees, her crotch hovering over your belly, pubic hair wet with pee. Wet with rain. Wet with lust. She looks up at the trees again. Purses her lips to blow out one long exhalation.

And pisses. This time you can see it. You watch the little stream jetting out from between her labia, watch it splash against your belly, watch your belly button fill and overflow. It doesn’t go on for long this time. In half a minute she’s tapering off. Dribble, drip, drip. Beads of water in her hair catch the morning sunlight. Then another spurt, one last burst of warmth against your belly, and she’s done.

She crab-walks backwards until her butt is over you knees. She grasps the tip of the condom, slides it off of your still-hard penis. Knots the end and tosses it aside. You’re beginning to soften a little, enough to flop to one side.

“Now,” she says, “you needed to go too, didn’t you?”

“Yeah,” you say, as the ache in your bladder reasserts itself. Rain prickles your body, making you shiver. Making you shudder. You monumentally have to pee. This is going to be one of those times when it feels like you’ve pissed a whole gallon and then five minutes later you have to go again. You raise yourself onto your elbows, try to roll onto your side to get up.

“Uh uh,” she says. She’s still straddling your legs. It takes you a second to understand that she has you pinned—that she won’t release you. She takes your penis in hand again, and you lie back into the grass. “It’s your turn,” she says. She’s not stroking you this time, just holding you gently.

Vertically.

Can you pee like this? You close your eyes. Your bladder is on the edge of pain, it’s so full. You will yourself to relax. Ow. Relax. Feel the internal gates opening. Sphincters relaxing. Another wave of raindrops goes pitta-pat in the trees and dapples your chest and face. You watch a bead of water trickle down her breast. Your bladder is adjusting... accommodating... letting go...

Hot fluid gushes through your penis again, only this time it’s pee... it’s a fountain, six inches straight up... a foot... more... and she holds you, aiming your water to rise and bob and burble just like the fountains at the water park. It splashes down, all over your penis, all over her hands and into your pubic hair. She smiles down at you, looking first at the fountain and then into your eyes.

When the gushing flow starts to wane in strength, she leans forward until, for the last few seconds, it’s bubbling up against her belly and between her breasts.

“Wow,” she says. “Warm.”

And then she leans all the way forward to kiss you, laying her naked body over yours like a blanket, holding you close in the warm, wet grass.

The rain falls in earnest now. In the distance, a gentle rumble of thunder. Slowly, both of you get to your feet. She reaches down to pick up the sodden nightgown, the discarded condom and its wrapper. Then, hand in hand, shoulders touching, naked and barefoot and smiling, the two of you walk through the drenching rain, heading back inside for breakfast and a fresh pot of coffee.
