Sis Piss Ch. 02
	My three older sisters and I continue our discoveries.
Author: RabbitPrince (2011-12-23)

Thanks to all for the amazing feedback! The story of Leslee, Marion, Kathy and Tom continues!...

*

Our small reunion party had wound down quickly thereafter, my three sisters being somewhat emotionally drained, and I worn out, with my pyjamas already on owing to the necessity of a clothing change and a bit of a wash. All four of us were buzzed on wine, and had had long days either traveling or working or a combination thereof. The last bottle had gone quickly, and we settled the sleeping arrangements, donned our nightclothes, and bedded down.

Leslee was in the master bedroom, Kathy had the spare bed in the den, Marion took a cot in the laundry room, and I had the hide-a-bed in the living room. I was exhausted, and after brushing my teeth and taking one of the biggest leaks of my life, I quickly fell asleep.

I awakened some time after, confused and a bit disoriented. It was dark, and I thought I heard some kind of motion. I took a second to remember where I was, and I turned my head slightly to see what the cause of the quiet disturbance was.

It took a few moments again to figure out what I was looking at. It was the lean, graceful form of my middle older sister Marion, clad in a shimmery nightshirt that was barely sheer enough to see her white panties through. An accomplished dancer, she was performing an uncharacteristic step for her: a series of shuffles and gyrations accompanied by contorted facial expression. I knew this step well. She was doing the pee pee dance.

I leaned up on my elbow and scratched my head sleepily. "Marion?" I asked, drawing her attention to the fact that I was now awake. "Uh, what's going on?"

"Oh, Tom!" she exclaimed in a loud, rapid whisper. "I didn't know if I should wake you... I didn't know what to do! I'm kind of... um..." She paused and shifted her weight from foot to foot. "It's just, uh, I had a lot of wine, and, um, things were a little... different last night? I just wanted, I mean, did you mean what you said? Do you remember it? About us and the toilet?" She was clearly in bladder distress. I found her apprehensiveness amusing and endearing.

I laughed quietly, then looked her in the eyes. "Marion," I began, "I said it, and I meant every word. You should have just woke me up. How long have you been here?"

"I don't know!" she whispered again. "About five minutes?"

I chuckled again. "Get those panties off and come over here," I said, laying down on my back with my head on the edge of the bed. My penis stirred to life and quickly began hardening. I pleasant rush flowed through my body as I recalled the events of just a few hours ago -- I felt elated and brimming with anticipation. My heart rate increased as Marion whipped her panties down in a blink and turned to face her butt towards me.

"Oh, lord, Tom, thank you!" she breathed as she squatted her bald muff over my face and lowered it to my mouth. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" she groaned as a massive blast of urine shot into my gaping mouth. I gently grabbed her hips and started sucking. In the blink of an eye, my mouth was full; I gulped down my first wonderful taste of her sour piss and began chugging, opening my throat to consume the torrent of nectar she was cascading into me. I couldn't believe the volume and flow of pee she was producing. I chugged furiously and determinedly to keep up -- I didn't want to make a mess, and I also didn't want to waste a single precious drop of the fruits of her kidneys and bladder.

"Ooooooh," she breathed as glorious relief flooded her being. She was trembling now; I could feel the vibrations. "Ooh, God, oh my God," she muttered. "Oh my God, Tom, oh my God. It's so good. Oh, God, I feel so good... Thank you, thank you, thank you..."

Her flow had slowed now, so I could keep up with ease. I was in heaven. In between gulps of piss, I flicked my tongue over her clit and the entrance to her urethra, licking and tasting all the wondrousness of her urination in its entirety. I wanted to ingest every bit of everything that she had to offer, and more. Now there were only intermittent squirts entering my mouth, so I began sucking on her mound with slowly increasing intensity. She was gasping, her breath laboured and her muscles clenched. She was trembling from head to toe. I could sense that her orgasm was close. I reached around with my right hand up to her belly, and pressed down hard and began massaging her bladder. Her stomach muscles were coiled like steel cables.

"Mmmm!" she moaned as she bit her lower lip. She gasped quickly, and went into spasm. "MMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!" she growled, desperately trying to keep from screaming out loud, then she started bucking on my face. I held her in place at her hips and continued pushing hard on her bladder as I sucked on her clit with full force. She came with ferocious vigour, grinding her pussy down onto my mouth as I vacuumed her vulva with all the strength I had.

Finally she ceased thrusting, gasped out and began panting rapidly as she tried to get her breath back. "Oh, my God, oh, my God," she just kept repeating. Her eyes opened and I could see tears slowly creeping down her cheeks. She rolled off me and fairly collapsed next to me on the hide-a-bed. My hardon was a raging pillar of flesh, leaking precum and struggling against the sheets. Marion put her arm around my chest and cuddled up to me, still quaking and trembling in the aftermath of her release.

"That good, Mari?" I asked her with a chuckle.

"Oh, Tom, oh Tom, you have no idea. I don't know what to do. It was so much better than the best. I never even dreamed it could be so hot. I've never come like that in my life -- except maybe for earlier tonight. I mean, I've had good orgasms, but that was something else. Like love, like pure love or something. I probably sound weird. You have no idea what I'm babbling about, do you?"

"Actually, I think I know exactly what you're talking about," I said. "I came twice last night, right after another, in my pants. I don't think I've ever come in my pants before, ever. I've had some, like, wet dreams, but not since I was a teenager. This, was something else. This was new."

"Oh, Tom, what do we do? We're brother and sister! And Leslee, and Kathy... We're all siblings! This is so... confusing!"

"Look, Mari," I said honestly, "I don't care if we are related directly or not. This is special, this is pure. I'm not going to give this up for any stupid taboos or societal niceties. I had an epiphany last night. I'm changed. And for the better. If we all enjoy this, that's our business."

Marion's eyes welled up with tears again. She smiled a searching smile at me. "I'm so sorry for how we treated you. I don't know that I can ever make that right. I'm so grateful for what you've done for me here. Words can't explain. Thank you so, so much Tom. Thank you for being understanding... I'd be lost if you were hurt or angry..."

I just laughed as I gently hugged her. "Nope. No hurt or anger. I'm a new man. And uh, I've also got a little problem here... Do you mind if I take care of that?"

"Oh, Tom, wow! Of course not! I mean, can I watch? Is that too weird?"

I laughed again. "After what went down over the last day? Hardly!" I pulled my pyjamas down and encircled my throbbing prick. "You okay with this?"

"Yeah, yeah, for sure! Wow, you have a big cock!" She giggled. "I bet all the girls say that, huh?"

"I've heard it a few times," I mused, jerking my dick hard and fast. My breathing quickened. "This isn't going to take long!" I stated.

"Oh, yeah, do it! Let me see!" she encouraged me, wiping the tears from her face and watching in wide-eyed interest.

I was pounding my dick now, my prostate feeling like a slug of steel as I quickly approached orgasm. My hand motions were fever-pitched on the shaft of my dong as I arched my head back, groaning quietly.

My ejaculation took my whole being, my hand stroking my prick lightning-quick, as my first rope of semen took flight. It rocketed forth from my penis, a thick strand that landed on my chest and neck, the next loosing itself all over my stomach and bicep.

"Holy shit!" breathed Marion in amazement. My remaining spurts spewed forth into a widening pool of milky white on my belly, as I shuddered and shook. I hissed in breath as my incredible, hot orgasm slowly drained away. I opened my eyes to grin at Marion, who looked like a ten-year-old girl who had just gotten a pony for Christmas. "Oh my God, I've never seen a guy shoot like that!"

I just chuckled again. "Well, if you even want to see that again, just ask me!" She grinned back at me. "I seem to have made a bit of a mess here. I'm gonna go get cleaned up."

"Don't worry about that! Sit back, Tom. I've got this," she said. She retrieved her discarded panties from the floor and began wiping my neck. She cleaned off my chest, and down to my belly. She finished off with the tip of my cock, her eyes wide and roaming over my body as she went. She then wiped off my hand. Her panties were soaked with my semen by the time she was done. "Wow, that was a lot of cum!" she giggled.

"Uh, yeah. The last three loads I've shot have been... big. Real big. I've always shot a fair amount, but this has been atypical I would say. Far more satisfying than other orgasms I've had. Something is different for sure."

"Mmm, Tom, that was awesome. I feel wonderful, and that was really exciting to watch. I don't know how really to explain how I feel, but I know I owe it to you. Thank you."

"You're more than welcome," I replied.

"Can I sleep here with you the rest of the night?"

"Sure thing, Marion. I'd like that."

She kissed me on the cheek with adoration in her eyes, then cuddled up to me. We stayed like that for a while, then drifted off to sleep.

I was awakened again shortly, this time by Kathy's voice. She was wearing a big floppy jersey with the number 14 on it. Her nipples poked through the fabric quite noticeably. The mostly-white jersey simply accentuated how large and round her breasts were.

"Hello, there, you two love birds. Have a good sleep so far?" she asked with a grin.

"Oh, hey, Kath. I guess we were pretty cozy," I said sleepily. Marion stirred and raised her head off my chest and smiled sheepishly up at Kathy.

"I need Tom," stated Kathy. "Will you lie down for me?"

"Yes, absolutely!" I replied enthusiatically. This was fantastic! I leaned down again with my head on the edge of the bed, my heart beating with excitement and my dick stirring to life again. Kathy raised her jersey and straddled my head, placing her hands on the bed on either side of me and leaned forward. She parked her fiery red snatch on my mouth and inhaled. Marion sat up and positioned herself for a better view.

"You ready, Tom?" she asked. My reply was muffled by her girl-parts, but it was obviously in the affirmative.

She began pissing with gusto, relaxing her bladder completely and letting her hot steaming brew empty into my mouth. I gulped it down greedily, swallowing down each precious, sumptuous, burning mouthful of her pee. She let it go in one long, continuous stream until her bladder was completely empty and my stomach completely full.

"Ahhhhhhh," she sighed in relief. I licked the last droplets of urine from her lips and savoured each delightful drip. I used my mouth and tongue to clean her completely as she sighed in pleasure. My cock was once again at attention and throbbing.

"Thank you, Tom," Kathy said with a satisfied smile.

"Anytime, Kath," I replied. "And I mean that. Anytime."

Marion was wide-eyed and alert. She clearly was enthralled by the tableau that had just played out before her.

"Once again," I began, "I have a bit of an issue that needs to be taken care of," I said glancing down at my obvious erection in my pyjamas. "Anybody mind if I haul it out and beat this back down?"

"Fuck, no," said Kathy. "By all means. I'd like to see that!" She sat down on the hide-a-bed beside me, fixing my midsection with her gaze. I slipped my pyjama bottoms down and hauled out my engorged member, encircling it with my hand while my two sisters looked on.

"Uh, do you mind if I do it with you?" asked Marion apprehensively. "I'm kinda really turned on here."

I laughed in surprise. "I don't mind at all!" I said. "You're welcome to join me as far as I'm concerned. You ok, Kath?" I inquired.

"Shit," said Kathy. "No concern at all. Maybe even hotter!" she winked.

Marion pulled the covers down and raised her nightshirt, spreading her legs to expose her hairless vulva and staring at my midriff as I set to work tugging on my rod. The middle finger of her right hand contacted her stiff clit and began making circular motions. I was yanking determinedly on my prong as I looked back and forth between both of my sisters' eyes. Marion's gaze shifted between my eyes and my cock as she diddled herself rapidly. Kathy was looking at my face, my cock, and her older sister periodically. Honestly, I don't know where she wanted to look most. She was clearly enjoying the show. Marion's cheeks were flushed and her nipples hard as diamonds as she masturbated, the wetness of her vagina clearly obvious, reflecting even in the dim light of Leslee's living room at night. Her breath quickened, and so did mine. We were both getting close to cumming, and fast.

I was pounding my dick now as my two sisters looked on. Marion's fingers were a blur on her clit, her hips grinding accelerating circles as she gasped and cooed. "Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! I'm gonna cum!!" she yelped. Her middle and index fingers joined together as she began rapid, up-and-down strokes directly on her shivering clit as she bucked her hips back and forth, her eyes shut tight as she writhed in the throes of a tremendous orgasm.

This beautiful sight, as well as the recent events having driven me to a sexual frenzy, set me off. "UUHHHHhhhh!!!" I groaned as I shot my load. Thick white globs of sperm issued forth from my twitching cock, striping my chest and abdomen with whitish lines. Kathy's eyes looked like they would bug out of her head as she watched her older sister and younger brother orgasm right before her. I slowed my strokes as my orgasm abated. I felt so fulfilled and satisfied. Normally this many orgasms in a short period of time would leave me sore and completely drained, but I felt full of energy, and my cock, balls and prostate felt alive, fresh, and frisky. I was sweating as my pulse surged in my veins and Marion and I panted heavily.

"Fucking wow," was all Kathy could say, her mouth wide in awe.

Marion laughed and breathed deeply, regaining the oxygen that she spent. "You made another huge mess, Tom. And I don't think my panties could soak up another drop. And Kathy isn't wearing any."

I chuckled. "Okay, I'm going to clean up."

"No, no!" said Marion. "Uh, I think I have a better idea, okay? If it's alright with you. Uh, do you want to just lean back and, um, I'll clean you?"

"Um, sure, okay!" I said, not exactly sure what she had in mind. I lay back down and heaved my chest, panting and sweating.

I looked down and Marion crouched over me. She lowered her head to my chest and started sucking up my jizz! I couldn't believe it! Her tongue and lips sought out each pearly blob of semen, and lapped and sucked it all up.

"Holy fucking fuuuuck!" breathed Kathy.

Marion licked up all the drops of sperm from my belly, and gently reached for my 90% erect penis in her left hand. Raising it, she licked up the clear blob of ejaculate where my glans was resting against my stomach, and sucked up the strand that connected it to my cock head. She gently took the tip of my dick in her mouth and sucked it clean. I watched dumbfounded as Marion finished her cleaning job. She had not missed a single dot of my jism. She tenderly replaced my dick on my stomach and looked up at me with a warm smile.

"You dirty, dirty fucking bitch!" Kathy giggled. Marion just grinned back at her and settled back into bed as I watched her with awe. "So, any more room in that bed there?" Kathy asked.

"Always room for one more!" I beamed, opening the bedclothes and spreading my arms invitingly.

Kathy crawled in next to me and cuddled in. Both my sisters put their heads on my chest, and we nestled together, tucking the bedclothes around us as I encircled my sisters with my arms. I felt so wonderful, so loved, and so happy. It wasn't long before the three of us drifted off to sleep.

Again, it wasn't long before I was awakened. Leslee had cleared her throat loudly, perhaps more than once. Kathy, Marion and I awoke still snuggled together, both of their heads raising sleepily from my chest to focus on our eldest sister.

She stood before us, stark naked with her arms crossed and a crooked smile on her face. Her B-cup boobs were perky and her pink nipples pointed outwards. Her head was cocked to one side.

"Well, isn't this a cozy little scene!" she remarked. The three of us just giggled. "If I'd have known it was going to turn out like this, I would have just invited us all into my bed. It's king size, you know. It would have saved a lot of effort getting everyone's beds together."

"Well, I'm not sure any of us really guessed that we were going to end up this way," said Kathy. "I've had quite a few surprised already this weekend. And we've still got a full day ahead of us."

"Yeah, sure," said Leslee. "And we're not going to get much accomplished if we stay up all night. How long have you two been all cozied up to Tom like that, you pair of tramps?"

"Well, I had to pee really bad about two hours ago," said Marion. "I thought I was going to piss myself. So, uh, I kinda came out here and used Tom. Kathy came out about an hour ago."

"And you both decided to stay here and cuddle up, huh? Pair of hussies. I should have known. Well, I guess I have my bladder to blame for this for not being as weak as you two. Speaking of which, Tom, you have a guess as to why I came out here?"

"Not sure, Les," I said dryly. "You're saying your two sisters are hussies, but you're the one here in front of us in the buff. There could be two reasons at least why you're here. At least your younger sisters have a sense of modesty!"

"Oh, right!" she said. "If I wanted you that way, I would just hold you down and take you! Don't forget, I'm still your big sister and I could kick your ass any time I want. And I'm here 'in the buff' because that's how I sleep. Now, are you going to drink my pee or should I have just kept my bare ass in my master bathroom and spared you all the show?"

"Well, since you put it that way, Les, you're goddam fucking right I'm going to drink your pee. Come over here and give it to me," I retorted mischievously.

"Fucking brat," she snorted with a grin. "I'll teach you some respect yet. Lie down. And open wide."

Kathy shuffled out of my way to make room so I could lie down on my back with my head on the edge of the bed again. Once again, I felt alive and tingling, a rush of energy flooding my body and setting my nerves on fire. My chest tightened and my cock began surging to erection. Leslee stood above me, her bright red pubes and labia about six inches from my nose.

"Come on, Tommy, say 'Aaaahh,'" she crooned tilting her head from side to side haughtily with her hands on her hips.

"Aaaaahhgglaraggg" I sputtered as she aimed a jet of yellow liquor into my mouth. I choked slightly and opened wider. Droplets of urine were splashing out on to my face and dotting my neck and hair. I couldn't close my mouth to swallow, or I would have made a huge mess, and she didn't lower her pussy to my mouth, so I couldn't create a seal on her pussy. My mouth was quickly filling. It was going to overflow!!

I quickly opened my throat and started chugging her piss. My eyes were shut tight to avoid any of the backsplash getting into them. Small bits of spray still spit out onto my face and neck as I chugged down Leslee's stinking urine. My other two sisters both laughed -- I guess Leslee's playful and somewhat cruel mannerism was amusing to them. I didn't care, I was loving it. I was doing my absolute best to not miss a single drop of her piss, and I was frankly doing an amazing job. She continued her stream of piss directly into my open mouth until it was reduced to a trickle. At that point it was easy to manage. I would simply let my mouth fill halfway, purse my lips and close my jaws slightly, chug down a gulp of her urine, and open wide for more. Her stream finished and I closed my mouth and swallowed in earnest, opening and licking my lips and face as clean as I could.

