The Rest Stop
	A desperate, wet situation turns into something much darker.
Author: TheNaughtyOne

The night was cold and rainy. As Cindy and Lisa sped down the highway, all that could be heard besides the low hum of their car was the heavy pitter patter of the rain hitting their already drenched windshield. They were on a road trip to see their old friend from college, and unlucky as they were, they got caught up in a rainstorm in the middle of nowhere.

They haven't spoken for over 30 minutes, but after her palms became more and more sweaty, Cindy was the first to break the silence. "I have to pee," she said quite abruptly. Lisa rolled her eyes and said "Didn't you go like an hour ago?" That was true, after having half a large Pepsi with her dinner, she peed in the restroom of a fast-food restaurant, but it seems the other half quickly caught up with her. As she wiggled around in her seat, she said "Yeah, but I really have to go. Like now!" Unimpressed, Lisa let out a groan and said "Fine. I'll pull over the next time I see a restaurant," however, not another building showed for over 30 minutes.

By the time Lisa pulled into the sketchy parking lot of a gas station, Cindy literally had both of her hands pressed against the crotch region of her blue shorts. "Wait don't you want an umbr—", but Lisa never finished her sentence before Cindy opened the car door and dashed into the wet darkness. Halfway to the restrooms, she broke out into an all out pee pee dance. With each step, the feeling began to get more and more intense in her bladder. As she placed her hands on the cold metallic surface of the door knob, she let out a small spurt of bodily-warmed piss into her small pink panties. Finally, after letting out a few more spurts she managed to open the door and run in, but she was not out of the woods yet.

Somehow, the bathroom was even more sketchy than the parking lot outside. From where she stood with her legs crossed, if appeared as if someone literally peed right onto the tiled floor. "At this rate, I might as well pee on the floor, too," she said out loud, not expecting any response. As she starred at the stalls, the light flickered a few times which startled Cindy just enough to let out another spurt into her panties. With her shorts already wet and cold from the freezing rain outside, the pee actually felt nice and warm, and she longed to continue her pee, but alas, instead she desperately ran towards the nearest stall.

As she grabbed on to the handle of the poorly painted green bathroom stall door, it fell off of its hinges. "I see why someone peed on the floor," she whispered out loud to herself. Then, she looked down ironically at the only clean thing in the whole bathroom, a white toilet that screamed relief. However, as she glanced at it, the ache in her bladder multiplied, and a few spurts shot out of her pussy lips. As she desperately played around with her zipper, she began to unintentionally let out a small trickle of pee into her panties. Finally, she managed to undo her zipper and urgently pull down her shorts; her panties following suite.

Even with her bare buttocks exposed to the open air, she let out small spurts of pee that were now running down her creamy legs. At this point, she was actually considering to squat down and pee onto the cold tiled floor, but she didn't want to risk it. Instead, she turned around and tried to close the broken stall door as best she could and then sat down onto the cold white surface of the toilet beneath her.

Finally, her shaking stopped and she removed her hands from her pussy and just let it happen. She let it all go. Immediately, like a dam breaking, her pee bursted out of her pink pussy lips and into the white ceramic bowl below. She let out a moan as her bladder began to empty. "That was a close one," she said out loud, pee gushing out strongly. Then, out of the stall next to her, she heard an odd thumping noise. "Hello?" she called out into the dark, but no response came, she continued peeing. "Is there anyone there?" she called out again, then she heard another bump. At this point, she was slightly frightened by the noises coming out of the stall, so she halted her barely finished pee.

In the parking lot, Lisa began to get impatient.

Curious, Cindy leaned her head against the cold surface of the stall wall, and heard a large thump against her head. Then, a little further on along the wall, she noticed a large hole in the wall. All of a sudden, she heard a voice of man come from the stall next to her. "Why'd you stop peeing, girl? I was enjoying that," the voice called out. "You're listening to me?! You pervert," Cindy screamed. "Yeah, I find it really sexy hearing your pee dribble out of your little cunt," he said almost moaning. "Are you masturbating? You sick bastard," she said in an angry tone.

"Yeah, but I was willing to offer you a lot of money in exchange to hear you pee, and maybe a quick blowjob," he said, almost laughing. "No—wait, how much?" she said, a little tempted. It's been a while since she's had any sexual relationship, so this seemed like a good opportunity to get a quick fix. "A thousand dollars," the man said without any hesitation. "Ok, that sounds like a fair—" before she said finished her phrase, the man tossed 250$ cash underneath the stall, "I'll give you 250$ when you finish your pee, and the rest once you suck my dick, girl." Then, a little shaken up, Cindy eased her muscles and began to pee a little. Only a dribble at first, her stream quickly turned into a torrent of golden urine. "And once you're done..." the man said as he shoved his dick through the hole that Cindy saw earlier.

Then, all of a sudden, her stall door fell off its hinges again, making a large crash as it slammed onto the cold piss-soaked floor. "Forget about it, continue peeing," the man shouted. She did. Then, the door to the parking lot opened and Lisa impatiently walked into the bathroom and saw everything.

The room instantly grew silent.

***

It seemed as if the silence lasted forever, but someone eventually had to break the silence.

"It's not what it looks like...," Cindy said, but it was too late, Lisa knew what was going on. "Oh, don't worry, continue your piss, and make sure you suck him real nice, slut," said Lisa, in a very direct tone. Cindy didn't know what to do, her bladder was still bursting with pee, and the money was on the floor, but in front of her best friend, could she really do it? "I'm waiting...," said Lisa, tapping her foot on the hard tiled floor. Cindy frowned, but then tried to relax again; she was going to go through with it.

Blushing, Cindy began to pee. At first, only a small trickle of pee began to come out from between her legs, but then after a few seconds, the stream grew into a nice gush of bodily-warmed urine. "Mmmm, that's it, baby," the man said from in the other stall. Cindy took a second to look up at Lisa. She looked very unimpressed.

Her pee seemed to last forever, she really was desperate. For a full 20 seconds all you could her was the sound of her pee as it bounced off the inside of the ceramic toilet and into the already yellow-colored water below. After a few more seconds of peeing, Cindy let out a sigh of relief as her stream began the diminish. She let out a few more drops, and then said, "That's it." From the other stall, the man moaned and threw 250$ underneath the stall and said, "Good girl, now suck."

With her panties and shorts around her ankle, Cindy dropped to her knees and awkwardly wobbled towards the erect dick that stuck out of the stall wall. "It's so big," Cindy said, trying to make the situation less awkward than it is. "Did I say you could talk?," the man said, getting angry. "No, I'm sorry," Cindy said, apologizing. For a second, she looked at Lisa, but Lisa was too busy staring at the puddle of pee on the floor to notice what was about to happen. Cindy moved closer, opening her mouth, she began to suck.

At first, she made an attempt to make the experience a little sensual by moving her mouth up and down the shaft slowly, but she quickly realized that the man was getting a little impatient. So, she then increased her pace, so that her lips glided quicker up and down the shaft of the man's erect penis, she moaned to add a little bit of effect. He certainly enjoyed it. From the other side of the stall, the man was moaning uncontrollably, but he was also mumbling a few words in between his moans. "Mmmm... Pissing, yeah, keep doing it, keep sucking it, mmmm, imagine the both of—"

"Excuse me?", Lisa said from outside of the two stalls. "The both of what? Us?" she said angrily. Cindy stopped sucking, but continued to just slowly rub his dick with her hands. "Yeah, a man can fantasize, right?" the man said. "Oh, and getting your dick sucked after listening to my friend pee isn't enough?!" Lisa said loudly. "No, I want you use your friend as a toilet. I bet she's getting thirsty." he said calmly. Surprised, Lisa's jaw dropped. "I'm never going to do that, you pervert." Cindy looked up at her with a slightly worried face, she knew what was coming next.

"I'll triple the amount to 3000$ if you piss into her mouth while she's blindfolded." As much as Lisa would have loved to have shut down his offer, her bladder was also beginning to get full after having the same large soda Cindy had before, so this seemed like a great deal. The man tossed the blindfold under the stall as lure.

"Ok, I'll do it... I'm sorry, Cindy." From within the stall, Cindy's jaw dropped open. The man couldn't contain himself, so he let out a loud moan and ejaculated. His sperm flew through the air and landed right into her mouth. She swallowed it. It tasted horrible, but she knew that certainly wasn't the only thing that was going into her mouth tonight.

Cindy looked down at the ground, but only the black velvet blindfold stared back at her.

***

It was all starting to make sense now, the pee puddle, the broken stall door: they weren't the first ones.

"I'm so sorry," Lisa said, shifting her legs from side to side, she was starting to get really desperate. "It's ok, as long as it doesn't taste too bad... oh, and as long as you don't tell anyone," said Cindy, trying to put on her blindfolds."Can't you go any faster?" said the man in stall, eagerly peering out from underneath his locked stall door. "Actually, I was going to ask the same thing, I have to pee... And badly!" said Lisa, crossing her legs and bouncing up and down. "There... now where are you?" Cindy asked, waving her hands after putting on her blindfolds. "Just lay down on the floor, I'll guide you with my voice. You better be thirsty, I've never had to go this badly." Lisa said, with her hands between her legs. Cindy laid onto the ground, her head landed right onto the cold puddle of pee. It sent shivers down her spine.

After Cindy got into place, Lisa fumbled with her zipper on her jeans. "It's stuck!" she said frustrated. "Wow, you two are almost as bad as the last two girls," said the man from under the stall. "We're not the first ones?!" demanded Cindy, slightly shocked. "Nope, you're the fourth, no wait fifth group of girls. You're by far the best looking though," he said, beginning to rub his dick again. "Oh, thanks," said Lisa sarcastically, finally pulling down her zipper. She then pulled down her purple panties and bunched them up into a nice pile which she threw onto the wet counter.

"So, how do you want to go through with this?" asked Lisa. " I don't know, just pee, I guess," responded Cindy. "I think I'm going to ruin your clothes though," said Lisa. "Oh, it's ok, I'll try to gulp it down as fast as I can." With that, Lisa squatted down, her pussy hovering a few inches above Cindy's open mouth. "On the count of 3?" asked Lisa. "Sure thing..." said Cindy, a little nervous.

"3... 2... 1... Here it comes..." said Lisa.

From in between her parted legs, a small trickle of pee shot out of her pussy and into Cindy's mouth, the man began to furiously masturbate. "Eeeughhh," mumbled Cindy. Immediately Lisa stopped her pee. "Is there something wrong," she asked. "No, no, I just wanted to say that your pee doesn't taste half-bad," said Cindy. This drove the man crazy, he started to masturbate even faster now. "Oh... well, if you're ever thirsty during the trip, I could always pee for you...," said Lisa, half-serious. "Oh, well, I didn't mean it like that, but sure, I'd like to try that someday," said Cindy, also half-serious. A drip of pee landed onto Cindy's nose, the floodgates were about to open again.

Instantly, a nice hissing sound started as Lisa started to pee, this time a little harder than before. Cindy was gulping faster now, but she amazingly managed to swallow most of her friends pee. Some left-over urine ran down the skin on her cheek. "Ahhhh..." said Lisa, "I've been holding this in for ages." She continued to let her golden nectar flow into Cindy's mouth. "I guess we're not going to have to stop anywhere for restroom breaks anymore, because I could always use you as my toilet," said Lisa, grinning. From underneath her pee stream, Cindy nodded her head.

Surprisingly, after peeing for a good 20 seconds, Lisa had only reached her midway point. She left out a sigh of relief and said, "Hang in there, I'm halfway done." Cindy's mouth overfilled and a bunch of pee spilled out and covered her face and neck,she began to gulp faster than ever. The pee tasted really salty, but at the same time, really sweet. It must've been from the amount of soda she drank back at the restaurant. "Ahhhh..," moaned Lisa, "we should do this more often," now actually serious. Cindy swallowed another mouthful of salty urine and nodded her head, agreeing. The pee began to diminish slightly.

"I think I'm almost done," said Lisa. From under the stall, the man couldn't hold back any more and ejaculated for the second time tonight, this time all over his chest. "Ah.. almost there...," said Lisa, her pee turning back into a trickle. She leaned a little closer to allow Cindy to drink the last of her pee. A few more drops came out, but Lisa was finally done her pee. She was spent.

Removing her blindfolds, Cindy said, "Wow, I was actually enjoying that!, you should try it out." Lisa looked at her, smiling and said, "Yeah, next time you have to go, tell me." With that, Lisa put back on her clothes, Cindy let out a little burp and looked at the stall where the man was, it was empty. All that was left was a note and 3000$ cash. She looked at Lisa curiously, went over and grabbed the note.

It read:

"And certainly not the last."

Getting a little weirded out, Cindy dropped the note, picked up the cash and said, "let's get out of here." Lisa, pulling up her zipper said, "Yeah, we have a long trip ahead of us, and remember, no bathroom breaks." Cindy grinned.

And with that, they walked outside, to their surprise, the rain had finally stopped.

