Aunt Linda's Bladder - Part 2

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

About a year after my last experience with Aunt Linda, I came down with an awful bladder infection. I don’t know why, I guess it happens to the best of us. The timing was horrible. My family was just about to embark on a week-long vacation to Europe, and yet my doctor had prescribed me nothing but rest, in addition to some powerful diuretics. My mother debated with the doctor for a while the day before our flight, but he made it completely clear that I would be putting my health in jeopardy by flying out with them. I was sad I had to miss our vacation, but my mom came up with a good idea that made it more bearable. “How about you stay with Aunt Linda?” she asked. I perked up to the idea, and after a quick phone call to confirm the plan with Linda herself, we were on our way to drop me off.

Aunt Linda greeted me cheerily at the doorway, wished my parents a safe trip the following day, and had me laid down to rest on the bed in the guest room. My cousins were away at summer camp, so it was just the two of us in the house. The bladder infection had screwed with my immune system something awful, and I was fatigued and bed-ridden for the next two days – not to mention nearly incontinent from the combination of the infection and the diuretics I was forced to take. After getting up to use the toilet for the 10th time of the day the third day I was there, I was fed up. I’d just heard Aunt Linda produce a gushing first piss of the day (who else but my Aunt Linda would take their first pee at 5 in the afternoon??) and yet when I followed, there was nothing but a dismal trickle. Everything just came together, and as I went back to bed, I found myself frustrated beyond belief.

Aunt Linda sensed something was wrong, thankfully, and was instantly in my room to try and cheer me up. We chatted for a while, and though she gave it her best effort, I still felt pretty glum. “Gosh, if I could just avoid going to the darn bathroom every single hour! Maybe then I could start feeling better…” I muttered. Instead of giving me the usual “Ah well, give it time” answer that she’d perfected over the last several days, my Aunt’s brow began to furrow as she went into thought. She didn’t speak for some seconds, and I piped up, “What’s up, Aunt Linda?” She waited a few more seconds, as if deciding if she really wanted to say the next words out of her mouth, but apparently decided in the affirmative, because Aunt Linda responded, “Well, you’re all bent out of shape over not being able to wait for the restroom, right? I know…this wouldn’t be perfect, maybe it wouldn’t even make a difference to you…heck, it’s probably a stupid idea.”

“No, no, what is it Aunt Linda?” I asked, genuinely intrigued. Aunt Linda looked at me, saw I was serious, and continued, “Um, ok, well I was just thinking. I could give you the control of waiting for the bathroom…it just wouldn’t be you who does the waiting.” Now she had me perplexed. “What do you mean?” I inquired. “Aw, heck, I’ll just say it. If you’d really want, if you think it’d make a difference, I mean, you could control when…well, when I get to go to the restroom. That way even if you’re still going a lot, you can get the illusion of control since you’ll be controlling my bathroom breaks.

Plus, I do rather fancy myself as being able to wait for a long time, so it shouldn’t trouble me any. You just have to promise to be nice to me,” she finished, winking at me. I gulped, instantly hard and happy to be covered by a blanket. But I nodded agreement to the plan without hesitation. Aunt Linda smiled, “Good, I do hope this cheers things up around here!” She made to leave the room, but then turned and asked, “Oh, and may I visit the bathroom now?” I laughed, “Auntie, you just went!” Aunt Linda chuckled, “Yes, yes, just making sure!” and with that she left the room.

Aunt Linda called me down to dinner at 7 pm, and after yet another toilet visit I joined her at the table to eat. She was a fantastic cook, and we both ate our fill of ham, potatoes, biscuits, and vegetables. I also noticed that she knocked back quite a few glasses of water with her meal. After polishing off her final glass, Aunt Linda asked me with a twinkle in her eye, “Gosh, I’ve had a lot to drink with this meal! Surely you’ll let me use the bathroom now, won’t you?” I grinned and shook my head. My Aunt wrinkled her nose at me, clearly enjoying our little game. “Wait,” she said suddenly, holding up a finger. She went over to the cupboard, pulled out a cup that had to be twice the size of the ones we were using for dinner, filled it from the tap, and plopped it down on the table in front of me.

“What if I drink a whole glass of water from this?” she asked me innocently, “Then I’d really have to go, I’m sure!” I knew quite well that Aunt Linda’s bladder was more than capable of accommodating the massive cup of liquid, but I played dumb. “Well…….that IS a pretty big cup. Maaaaybe I’ll let you go after that.” I told her, trying to look like a boy enjoying playing a game with his aunt and not like a boy intent on bladder torture. “Alright, but no funny business!” Aunt Linda told me, smirking, before somehow managing to chug the giant glass of water in one go. She set the cup back down and asked, “Now may I visit the restroom?” It was my turn to smirk. “No!” I told her playfully, hoping she would continue to go along with the game. “My, my, you are a rascal, aren’t you? Tricking me like that! Luckily I’ve got good bladder control, so I can deal with trickery.” Aunt Linda smiled and began cleaning up while I went back to bed. All this bladder filling was hard work.

At 9 pm I had just awoken from a short nap and found Aunt Linda in my doorway. “Oh good, you’re up! I was going to see if you wanted to watch a movie with your dear old Auntie before bedtime?” I agreed, of course, and as I got up my Aunt Linda asked, “You know, the movie is supposed to be two hours long. That’s a pretty long time to sit in front of the TV. Do you really expect me to stay and watch the whole thing without a trip to the restroom first?” I reddened in the face a little, unsure if she was still playing along or looking to end our game. “You can make it, can’t you?” I squeaked out, embarrassed that she’d caught me overstepping my bounds. But to my surprise, she flashed me a smile and replied with mock innocence, “Well, gosh, I don’t know! That’s up to you, isn’t it? Weren’t you paying attention when we agreed to this mister?” Relieved at just how cool my Aunt Linda was, I told her, “I was! I was! Alright then, I think you can make it through the movie without going first.”

“Then that’s settled,” Aunt Linda said with a giggle before leading me to the living room.

We sat down to watch the movie and I realized that Aunt Linda had brought the giant cup from earlier, and it was now filled to the brim with soda. As the movie began she noticed me eyeing the cup and said, “You know, I don’t know how I’ll manage to drink aaaall this soda without a trip to the bathroom, but SOMEONE won’t let me go, so I guess I’ll just have to hold it!” I smiled and told her that it was good she was so good at holding it, as it made this game much more fun. “I’m glad my talents can make you feel better,” she told me, laughing to herself.

We watched the movie, and it was 2 hours just like she’d said. Finishing at 11 pm, it was now 6 hours since Aunt Linda had taken a pee, and she’d drank a good deal. I wasn’t holding out much hope of the game continuing passed this point (I mean, come on, everybody takes a before bed pee, right?), but still, it was fun while it lasted. I looked my Aunt Linda up and down and saw that she still wasn’t conveying the slightest urge of needing to pee, despite all the water and soda she’d had. We went up to bed, my mind whirring trying to come up with a way to make her hold longer, and once in my bedroom I realized that I needn’t worry about it, because she was quite ready to continue the game.

As I slipped into the covers Aunt Linda asked me, doing a mock potty dance, “Now, does dear Aunt Linda get to use a toilet before she goes to sleep? It might be tough to sleep without emptying out after all. We wouldn’t want me to be as tired as you tomorrow!” A good counter came quickly to my mind, “That’s true, but with the time wasted going to the bathroom, you’d be able to get even more sleep! Do you really need to go now?” Aunt Linda sighed good-naturedly at my logic and replied, “I can wait if you’d like me to wait.” I nodded enthusiastically at this proposal, and she smiled again and got up to leave, before adding, “But if I wake up and need to go in the middle of the night, I’m waking you up!” It took me a very long time to fall asleep that night.

The next morning I awoke to the sight of a bulging abdomen at eye level. My erection was instantly steeled against the covers. I looked up to see Aunt Linda smiling at me. “Well good morning, sleepy head!” she smirked. “M..m..morning,” I replied, “So…I guess you didn’t wake up during the night, huh?”

“Luckily your Aunt Linda is a very sound sleeper,” she told me, “But I figured it was time to wake you up. It’s 10 am, and I was just wondering if I was going to get a morning pee today. As you can see (she gestured to her exposed abdomen, bulging over her pajama pants and under her midriff-revealing top) it’s going to be quite hard to fit this bladder into any of my jeans today.” I gulped, face hot, then replied, “Can’t you just wear those pants?” I pointed at her pajama bottoms. Aunt Linda scoffed at me, “Now how am I supposed to take you out of this house and into public wearing pajamas?”

“We’re going out today?” I asked. “Sure,” Aunt Linda replied, “as long as you’re up for it! There’s a carnival in town, I thought it might be a good way to get you back into the land of the living!”

“That does sound like fun,” I said hesitantly, “but are you sure there’s nothing else you can wear? I’ve really been enjoying our game!” Aunt Linda let out a little sigh, but then her face brightened and she told me to hold on a moment. She left and returned a few minutes later, and the sight of her nearly made me cum right there and then. She’d found a pair of ultra low rise jeans that were so low in front that her bladder bulge simple jutted out over the top of the button. Of course, this meant I could see nearly all the way to her pussy before the jeans began, but I certainly wasn’t complaining! “Well, these will have to do,” she said, “because my sadistic nephew won’t let his poor Aunt go to the toilet.” She gave me another smile and left the room. I was amazed she could even think straight with that bladder bulge.

I lazed around the house for a while until 1 pm, at which point Aunt Linda let me know that we should get going for the carnival trip. She’d been drinking water and orange juice constantly thanks to the summer heat, and her bladder bulge was now enormous. I could tell why she wanted to wear the ultra low rise jeans, as otherwise she’d need to move up a size or two to accommodate her massive pee holding tank. When she said that we were going to be leaving, I instantly stopped what I was doing and made for the doorway.

“Wait a minute,” Aunt Linda called after me, and I turned to see her with her legs crossed. “We’re going on a day trip. Don’t you think it would be a good idea for me to take a pee before we leave?” However, she herself had given me a good comeback to this, and I replied, “But Auntie, I thought the whole reason you wore those jeans was so you wouldn’t have to do that! If you went now, wouldn’t it just have been pointless?” My Aunt Linda grimaced a little, finally seeming to show some signs of bladder strain, but my logic was sound, and after all, she’d been the one who had suggested this game. “Well…alright, but we may not be able to stay at the carnival as long as you’d like. I’m getting pretty full. Is that a fair trade off?” she asked. I agreed without hesitation, and then we were off.

It took a half hour to get to the carnival, and of course upon arriving the first thing I made us do was go and get the largest drinks we could find “to combat the heat”. Maybe Aunt Linda knew my real motivation, maybe not, but she didn’t hesitate to agree with me that it was probably for the best. The drinks we got were crazy 1.5 liter cups, filled to the top with Coke, and even better – they offered unlimited free refills with the cups since they were so large and pricey. Aunt Linda and I walked around the carnival and sipped at our drinks. We played a few games and saw a clown show, and by 3:30 pm I’d noticed that Aunt Linda was walking with her legs pressed together, and her demeanor had shifted ever so slightly. She was still attempting to come off as normal and calm, but clearly her protruding bladder was making that charade very difficult.

My iron-bladdered Aunt had also, to my great surprise, finished off her entire soda just before the clown show. I was going weak in the knees just imagining how much more liquid was currently working its way through her system, and her bulging bladder looked like it could scarcely take anymore. Still, I reminded myself of Aunt Linda’s holding prowess and phenomenal bladder control. Perhaps the visual effect of the low rise jeans, which exposed so much abdomen I could nearly make out faint wisps of pubic hair, was simply making her bladder look more gigantic than usual.

My thoughts of her prodigious control seemed to be confirmed when she casually mentioned that she should go and refill her drink. I tried not to gape too much, but then another plan came into my mind. “Oh, Auntie, you can have mine first, then we can get refills!” I told her, offering her my half-finished drink. “Oh, thank you, how kind of you to offer!” Aunt Linda replied, though I noticed she bent her knees when she began sipping, as if fighting off an urge from her mammoth bladder.

In another half hour that drink was also done, and it became clear that Aunt Linda was making a point to keep moving at all times, refusing to wait in long lines or any type of queue. ‘Her bladder must be getting out of hand,’ I thought. And no wonder, as she’d been holding in her pee for 23 hours now! Finally she spoke up about her condition, after having to curtsey for a second to keep control.

“Dear, I really think we should find the port-a-potties. I’ve had a lot to drink today, after all.”

True to my nature, I began employing delaying tactics. “Of course Aunt Linda, but didn’t you say you wanted to refill our drinks? Come on, let’s do that first. I’m getting pretty thirsty! You can wait that long, can’t you?” Again I saw that telltale grimace, but Aunt Linda nodded and replied, “Alright, if you’re really that thirsty. Your enjoyment does come first, after all. But then we really must find them, ok?” I agreed to her bargain, and in another minute our drinks were brimming with Coke again.

Of course I had no intention of letting my Aunt Linda get to use the facilities if I could help it, and for the next two hours I managed to do just that! I just HAD to go ride this one ride, and we HAD to see what the magician was up to, and we HAD to check out the petting zoo they had. To my surprise, my Aunt Linda refused to put her bladder’s needs above my own, though I could tell that she was beginning to get desperate. Finally, it was 6 pm, meaning my Aunt Linda had been holding back her load of pee completely at my whim for 25 hours. Her jeans, already shockingly low, had been pushed down to an obscene degree by her gigantic whopper of a bladder, to the point that I thought I could see the very top of her pussy if I squinted a little.

A woman walking near us had even approached and asked Aunt Linda “when the baby was due”, and that had drawn the first real laugh from my Aunt in the last couple of hours. Of course she then had to double over for a second in minor bladder agony, but her iron control paid dividends once again and she remained dry. As she sucked down the last of her refill of soda, Aunt Linda looked at me with a mixture of guilt, concern, and annoyance, and told me, “I’m afraid my bladder’s getting too out of hand to be in public much longer.

If you don’t want me to use the port-a-potties here, we’re going to have to go home. I’m sorry, normally I’d be fine with an all day outing, but with this game we’ve been playing I haven’t gotten a restroom break in…(she checked her watch)…oh my gosh, I haven’t used the restroom in over 25 hours! Goodness me, that’s got to be some kind of world record or something. But as you can see (she gestured to her basketball-sized abdomen) I really do have to let this out. So what do you think? Can Aunt Linda use the port-a-potties here?” I realized how serious she was about relieving herself, and so I upped the ante, and I went into full on pouting mode.

“Do you haaave to? I’ve had so much fun! I’ve completely forgotten about my bladder control problems! Etc., etc., etc.” I went on and on in my last ditch effort, and Aunt Linda seemed to cave and said, “Oh honey, don’t worry, we can keep playing this game. We can play it as much as you like! Really! But I’m just so close to my limits right now. We’ll have to go home then. Is that ok?” I gave her a nod but kept my head down as much as possible, wanting to portray a kid who was still slightly unhappy instead of revealing to her how ecstatic I was that I’d managed to convince her to resist the restroom yet again.

We got in her car and began the drive home. Aunt Linda’s bladder bulged so much that it was difficult for her to sit straight up for driving, and, looking closely, I saw that her bladder was bulged at least halfway to the steering wheel! Aunt Linda was clearly counting on getting home quickly, as she was speeding ever so slightly, but alas, it was not to be. Since it was 6 pm when we left, our car ran smack dab into the middle of the dinner crowd, and a half hour drive became one hour just like that. I heard Aunt Linda curse under her breath at one point, urging the traffic forward while trying to hold her own urges at bay, and she spent much of the last 15 minutes of the car ride rubbing her abdomen with one hand while keeping the other on the wheel.

We arrived back at her place at 7 pm on the dot, and Aunt Linda groaned, “Thank goodness! It was good we left when we did! I’m much too old to be having wetting accidents in the car.” She buried a hand between her legs as she got out of the car, then bounced on her heels while opening the door, but we made it in without incident. Though, as I watched Aunt Linda begin to pee dance once inside, I knew that she was quite close to having an incident in her skintight jeans.

After a few seconds of pee dancing to regain control, she began walking with awkward, shuffling steps in the direction of the bathroom. “Where are you going Auntie?” I asked her innocently, catching up with her. “Oh dearie, I’m just going to the bathroom now. I must, I really must. It’s so urgent!” she replied, continuing on. “Wait,” I said, trying to position myself between her and the oncoming bathroom door, “what about the rules of our game? Shouldn’t you ask me first?” Though she was nearly peeing herself with desperation, never let it be said that my Aunt Linda isn’t a cool Aunt. Though I could see in her eyes she wanted nothing more than to sprint to the toilet and pee, she paused and said, “Ah….yes….yes of course, you’re right. I’m sorry, it’s quite hard to think straight when you’re this pregnant with pee! Haha well…at least that’s what that woman at the fair thought anyway…if she only knew! Now then, to make it….official…can I please go to the bathroom?”

I looked at my normally confident, iron-bladdered Aunt, now doubled over in pee desperation thanks to 26 hours without a toilet, and part of me really did want to let her get relief. She deserved it, and she was still my Aunt. But…another part of me, the part currently consumed with lust at her predicament and the control I had over her, wanted me to see how far I could push it. The two sides grappled in my mind for what seemed like hours, but was probably only a few seconds, and eventually one side came out the victor.

“Wait Auntie, I thought you said we could continue the game once we got back here?” I said to her with that innocent voice I’d gotten so good at. “Well…yes…” Aunt Linda replied, startled that I hadn’t immediately given her permission despite her obvious need, “But this is part of the game as well, letting me go! It’s still part of the game dear. Besides…I’m really bursting for the toilet!” I decided to probe further, “But…if the game is still continuing…if I asked you to wait, would you wait?” Aunt Linda’s eyes widened further than I thought possible as she realized my intentions. “Please…try to understand…I haven’t been to the toilet in over a day now! Not even just morning to evening, but a full day! I really do need to go, I’m afraid.”

I pushed on, “You didn’t answer my question Auntie. I know you really have to go, and I’ll let you go soon, honest I will! But if I asked you to wait right now, would you do it?” Aunt Linda moaned as thrust her hands between her legs as another urge overwhelmed her. Finally she squeaked out, “I don’t know if I can…I have to go so badly. Won’t you let me go?” I went all in, “Could you wait for me?” asked in my most pitiful, guilt-causing voice. “Dearie….I…I…uhhh…ok. Ok, I can try for you. Yes, I can try. But promise that I can go soon, very soon. Why, it doesn’t even get this bad when I go to your mom’s and she fills me up with tea all day!” my Aunt Linda responded, making a last-ditch effort to contain her unbearable urge.

With a wince, she forced herself to stand upright, clenching her hands at her sides but refusing to grab her crotch. “Would you like some dinner?” she asked me, to which I nodded, and she waddled as best she could into the kitchen, bladder still bulging obscenely, and still unrelieved.

It was 8 pm. We had just finished off a marvelous dinner of steak and salad, which somehow Aunt Linda had managed to prepare despite being mind-numbingly (but unfortunately for her, not bladder-numbingly) desperate to pee. She was pee dancing in the kitchen when I checked in on her midway through cooking, and I kept waiting for her to bolt to the bathroom, game or no game. But she grimly held on to her load of piss, and amazingly she even drank a glass of water with the dinner, though by now I couldn’t blame the woman at the carnival in the slightest for thinking that Aunt Linda was pregnant.

She had the figure of a model from her neck down to her ample chest, then down her midsection, before it ballooned out from mid-stomach on downward. The ultra low rise jeans had become utterly worthless, as Aunt Linda’s constant fanning of her legs, combined with the gigantic bulge of a bladder they were trying to accommodate, had forced them down below her hips. I could see her vagina in all its glory, and she didn’t realize a thing, as she was laying back on the sofa in agony and couldn’t even see over her enormous bladder bulge.

Abruptly she sat up as a gigantic wave of urgency ripped through her. “Ahhhhh” she moaned through gritted teeth, both hands on her belly as she fought to keep her pee inside. We made eye contact, and I think we both realized that she was at her limit. Five more minutes at the most and she would wet herself, and I didn’t want that. Surely then she’d never think of playing this game with me again. “Pleasepleaseplease!” Aunt Linda managed to get out, the urge instantly making her go from silent agony to complete toe-tapping, knee-buckling, eye-watering desperation. “Ok, ok! You can go to the bathroom now, Aunt Linda!” I told her quickly, seeing the severity of the urge. My Aunt got up on shaky legs, moaned once more at the pain, and hobbled as quickly as she could to the bathroom. She shut the door, and instantly I crept up to it to listen.

There was another groan, a frantic undoing of and sliding down of jeans, a slight ‘bang’ as her curvaceous ass made contact with the porcelain heaven beneath it, and then all that I could make out was a hiss. One loud, drawn-out, relieving, incredible hiss. This was not a tinkle, or a pee, or even a piss. It sounded to me like the world’s biggest beer piss, as if someone had done nothing but drink at the bar for a day without letting themselves use the bathroom. Thinking about it, I realized this was not too far off of reality. Aunt Linda had drunk untold liters over the course of the last 27 hours, and finally her bladder could hold no more. I could only imagine how happy her exhausted sphincter muscle was at finally getting to release its grip on such a load of pee.

After about 30 seconds of listening to my Aunt’s blissful pissing exploits, I managed to turn my eyes to the clock on the far wall. One minute passed on the clock and still Aunt Linda’s hissing pee was as loud as ever. It was like a bath tap turned on full. For a moment I considered the possibility of her simply trying to take a bath while still holding it, but I knew that was absurd. That was just how loud her pent-up pee was. Two minutes passed on the clock and the stream continued unabated. I was in shock, my erection surely (almost) as hard as her pee stream at that moment. I could also make out some soft moans of relief coming from behind the bathroom door. Another minute passed. Still the flow did not halt, did not even drop in intensity.

“How much was she possibly holding??” I breathed out loud to myself, incredulous. I had seen her drink all those drinks, seen her hold until she was at her absolute limits, seen that crazy, massive, expansive bladder bulge, but I don’t think even I realized just how full my Aunt Linda was. At four minutes on the clock since I’d started keeping track I was starry eyed. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Aunt Linda’s flow rate had been going on continuously for the entire time and still showed no signs of stopping. It was heaven to my ears.

Finally at 5 minutes the sound of pee tinkled quickly to a halt, and I marveled at just how much Aunt Linda had truly had to go. Thirty seconds passed as I prepared to make my way back to the couch, lest she catch me spying on her, and then the flow started up again with the same intensity as before! Now I was in shock. I slumped back on the door, oblivious to all around me but the enchanting sound of Aunt Linda’s peeing. This new stream lasted for 30 seconds before cutting off, and then another 30 second stream followed, but it was a weaker one, a sign of a stretched bladder that was finally empty. There were a few more tinkles, and then, when I was sure Aunt Linda was well and truly done, I made my way stealthily back to the sofa.

At over 6 and a half minutes in total, Aunt Linda’s mammoth bladder had outdone itself. The tension in the room was nothing but palpable when she finally exited the bathroom and came back to the couch. We sat and watched television in silence for a little while, but I couldn’t take the tension any longer. I didn’t know how to relieve the tension between the two of us, but I sure had some tension brewing in myself that needed to be relieved after this crazy 27 hour 6 minute and 30 second experience, and I needed to be by myself to relieve it. “I’m gonna go to bed,” I told my Aunt, trying to make as little eye contact as I could. I did feel rather guilty for putting her through all of that, now that it was over. “Alright, that sounds good,” she told me without much emotion. I got up and began the walk to the stairs that led to my room, but before I reached them I blurted something out before I could stop myself.

“Do you think we could play this game again sometime Auntie?” I cursed myself instantly for asking such a question. I had just put my Aunt Linda through unimaginable pain, had taken a simple game meant to cheer me up and pushed it to absurd levels, and here I was asking her if we could do it again! I waited for the verbal barbs to come down on me…and waited…and waited…but then Aunt Linda replied, “You really did like this game, didn’t you? I think it definitely cheered you up…..Well, why not, I guess we could play it again. Not now, I think I’ve gotta rest up. I’m rather sore, as I’m sure you can imagine. But honey, I’ll tell you, I did enjoy it as well, even if you got a little out of hand by the end. Like I said when we started it, I’ve certainly got the bladder control to play for a while, though it seems you like to play for even longer than that! But yes, we can do this again, and don’t worry, I’m not mad at you.”

I couldn’t believe her response. All I could manage was a quick “Thanks Auntie” and then I was up to bed to relive the memories of a glorious vacation, and to dream of the future.

