Chapter #12

Author: Wendy (1998-11-05 at 12:40)

By the time my body had ceased its surges and plummets and my senses were beginning to figure out which was the proper world on which to focus, we were nearing the turn off for Abbotsford. I remember that, when I opened my eyes, I could see the road sign coming at us. Vanessa slowed the car for the turn. A slight discomfort between my legs brought it all back. Her hand was still in my jeans and one of her fingers was inside me. I don't know how many other women experience this; but, after I orgasm, having something left inside me is often slightly painful. 

At the time, even my own finger (after masturbation) wasn't welcome in there. I thought, then, that it was because I was still (technically) a virgin. I saw 'technically' because, although I had been inserting a number of things in there, since I was about ten, I had never had a penis any further into me than just barely parting my lips. As nicely as I could, I asked Vanessa to withdraw her finger. She pouted and told me how very much she liked the feel of me inside. But, she complied. She was attempting to remove her hand from my pants entirely when I held her by the wrist and told her, “just the finger, please. I want to feel your hand against me for a while longer”.

That turned out to be less than five minutes. As we left the main streets and turned toward Vanessa's neighborhood, we were forced to break contact and I had to move back over to the passenger side door. This was an effort to maintain propriety and not give nosy neighbors anything to gossip about. Two streets down and one over, and we turned up a tree-lined lane and into her parent's driveway. Vanessa drove all the way up to the end, near the back of their property. She shut off the ignition and turned to me. “Wendy, I can't begin to tell you how horny you have made me. That orgasm was unbelievable!” (And I couldn't really remember it!) “I meant what I said. I want us to really pee all over each other. I want to be totally nasty with you. We're going to make love until we drop! I promise. Gawd…I'm shaking inside!” 

She didn't even wait for me to respond. She just jumped out of the car and started for the gate to their back yard. She looked over her shoulder at me, still sitting there in awe. “Well, are you coming?” I was staring at the back of her pants. There was a wet spot there that was a lot bigger than I expected to see. I reached over get both our purses. She'd left her's in her haste. The sweatshirt was still over the spot where she had sat. I lifted it from the seat. It was heavy and darkened over most of its area. The seat below was damp. As well. I looked back out at Vanessa and she was waiting with the gate held open. Her face was pleading with me to hurry. I dropped the soggy sweatshirt on the floor and got out. As I approached and handed over her purse, I had to ask her, “Vanessa, did you pee more in your pants than I thought?” She looked a little sheepish and told me that she just couldn't help it. She said quietly. “It felt so good”.

I have no idea how I could have felt randy after so complete an orgasm, that I partially blacked out, but her words (and the way she said them) made me warm all over. We were nearly to the back door, when I grabbed her hand and pulled her to a stop. I turned her until she faced me on the walkway and told her how very much she turned me on just then. I said that I was all jumping around inside, too. I told her that I wanted us with our faces in each other's bottoms. That the thought of peeing all over each other nearly made my heart stop. That we would be doing those things in just a short time, and probably doing them over and over for a long, long time. 

She was breathing very rapidly by now. So was I. I told her that, right then and there, I wanted to put my arms around her and kiss her, fondle her. But, I looked all about, seeing that some neighbor's windows had at least a partial view of us there, there was no privacy right there. I told Vanessa that I was feeling a peculiar kind of naughtiness right then and I was attempting to explain it to her. Finally I just gave up trying to explain things and just looked her in the eyes and said, “let's wet our pants.” It was Vanessa's turn to look around, nervously. She said, with a catch in her voice, “Here?” Yes, I nodded. She looked around again, then back at me with a slowly spreading smile. “We may get caught”.

“We…could,” I teased. “But it'll be fun…and …I want to watch you really soak your jeans. I'm really horny to see you do it. And I want to do it in front of you.” She was still smiling, only differently. “I'm trying…I really have to go…but out here is different!”

“I know,” I said…beginning to push myself.

Vanessa's face went through several changes as she tried to first force, then cajole her piss into her already damp pants. I was having more success and was just about to let go. Then she lightly bit on her lower lip and I saw the, by now familiar, relaxation of her body. She was still looking into my eyes when her expression softened and her sexy smile returned. She whispered, “look.” With that she moved her eyes down to her own crotch. Mine followed. (Whereas she had been sitting when she had wet before and the dark wet spot was all in her rear, now she was standing.) I watched a spot, the size of a baby's fist, appear at the bottom of her zipper.

It spread rapidly, outwards and down. Then the area started to glisten, as the material became saturated and the pee came through to the surface. By this point she was fully relaxed and in full flow. I could tell because I heard that lovely hissing sound that a woman makes when totally committed. The sight and sound brought me over the brink and I let go. I told Vanessa in time for her to see it all. I played no trickle type teasing games. I just cut loose completely and soon there were two hissing founts competing with the early morning bird sounds. I kept my eyes on her legs as the wet stain engulfed her inner thighs all the way to her ankles. Waiting a moment I was rewarded with the sight of liquid pee running off her cuffs and onto the concrete walkway.

Some of it even soaked into her sock and tennis shoe on her right foot. I was in ecstasy and in full flow at the same time. I could feel that I was soaking my own pants to the ground, as well. It was so hot and such a sensual turn-on. It must have been quite a sight. Two girls standing with their legs slightly apart, purses dangling by their straps, as huge stains of their own pee soaked down their pants and onto the walkway. We stood like that until we were both totally empty. We looked up at each other with awed and hungry expressions, then down at what we had done again. Finally, breaking the spell of the moment, I grabbed Vanessa's hand and said, “let's get inside while its all still warm”.

While she fumbled the key into the lock, I reached down and dragged my hand slowly across her still dripping crotch area. She squirmed with pleasure and told me that I was not helping! I removed my hand and said, “Ok, get us inside and I'll help you out of those wet pants.” She turned the knob and opened the door. We made it as far as the kitchen table, where we dropped our purses and fell into each other's arms. We hugged a long time. Our breasts heaved against one another's from the excitement built up within us. We began running our hands up and down our inseams and, as the passion swelled our mouths found each other. We kissed and fondled our way to her bedroom and out of our blouses and bras. Vanessa pulled back the blanket and sheet and I pushed her down onto the mattress.

I propped pillows behind her so that she was across the width of the bed with her knees bent over the edge. I then knelt on the floor between her legs and ran my hands slowly up and down her saturated inseams. After a few strokes, I'd stop at her crotch and use my thumbs to outline her vaginal area and trace the slit in her pussy. I did this several times until we were both breathing heavily. Then I ran my chest up and down the same route so that my nipples dragged over the pee-wet areas. This, physically intensified the entire act for me and, the sight of it had a telling effect on Vanessa. Finally I rested my face against her wet crotch and snuggled into the area. I could smell her piss and, faintly through the soaked denim, I could smell her womanhood.

I could wait no longer. Those pants separated me from what I must have. I clawed at the button and zipper until they surrendered. I had her lift her bottom and I peeled her levis down so rapidly that they were turned inside out. Holding them up for us both to admire, I said, “look what a bad girl you were. You wet your pants. And I love it!” Whereupon I rubbed the wet area over my breasts, neck and face. I was wreathing in pleasure with my eyes closed. I pressed the crotch to my face and inhaled. Then I opened my eyes to see the reaction on Vanessa's face. I knew that I was being horribly wicked. It was all quite spontaneous. I hadn't planned any of it. It just came as I felt it. And I was praying that she would not be turned of by such a display. Her look of pure lust told me that I had found the same sort of place in her.

So, I stood and slowly began rubbing my hands along my own inseams and fondling my crotch. I wreathed and moaned at the pleasure, as much for her as for myself. Then I peeled out of my jeans and bent down to rub their wetness onto her breasts. She made sounds from down inside and took my pants and covered her face in them. She rubbed and moaned into them and I could even hear what I thought (hoped) were sucking sounds. This was all too much for me and I fell between her legs and immediately put my face and mouth onto the crotch area of her wet panties. There was no preamble, no light foreplay touching. I just started using my lips and tongue through the damp fabric. She reacted instantly. Her hips arose and fell and arose, again. Once more there was something in the way. I nearly ripped her panties off. They ended up dangling from one ankle, as I couldn't be bothered anymore, once they were away from my prize.

I buried my face into her pussy and loved her with the very best of all the motions I'd learned to date. I licked and sucked, stroked and fondled, pulled and spread and fingered. She got hotter and wetter as I loved her. Her body jerked and lifted. She moaned, groaned and occasionally gasped. I looked up and saw that she was still rubbing my pee-soaked jeans over every square centimeter of naked skin she could reach. Her nipples were rigid over her heaving breasts. And the look on her face was of pure and naked desire. She came after but a few minutes of this. And, as she subsided, I gently massaged her groin and pussy to make sure that enough of the fever we were sharing was held back to ensure that she would not come all the way down. 

After a moment for her to catch her breath and find her bearings, I started it all over again. It was a lot longer coming this time. And her approach was not so ravenously desperate. But her second orgasm was every bit as intense as the first. The ones that followed were briefer and gentler. After her first, I had begun bringing myself off with one hand. while I attended to her considerable need, I managed a couple of small ones of my own. Our lovemaking lasted only about an hour. Then things just sort of petered out for us. Neither of us had slept the night before and our energy levels were down to nearly zero. Vanessa wanted to return a like treatment to me. But, I could see in her demeanor that the spirit was willing, but… We finally decided to get some sleep and see what mischief we could get into later.

There was just one last thing to do before sleep. It was what everyone does before bed. But this time we had someone else to do it with; or, more appropriately, on. With our arms around each other's naked waists, we walked unsteadily to the bathroom. Vanessa asked, “How we gonna do this?” I suggested that she just sit on the toilet like normal…but not go pee. That was for me to do. Once she was in place (and, believe it or not, just seeing her sitting, naked, on that toilet, sent another tingle through me), I straddled her legs, facing her. I brought my bottom up against her belly and half slid down until I could feel her pussy hairs tickling my bottom. Then I just let go and peed.

Vanessa squealed at the feeling of my pee filling her lap and trickling down over her pussy. She reached around my waist and held me to her until I was finished. Then, she looked up at me with a face full of angelic appreciation and kissed me. She said, “thanks. I was a little scared I'd feel sick or something. But I really like it! Now, it's your turn.” So we switched positions and I was treated to a long, warm stream of her golden love-water. When we got up to finally go and get some rest, Vanessa pulled down a towel to wipe us off. I took it from her before she could get started. I pulled her against me and moved so the wet parts of us rubbed together. She liked it! I suggested that we leave things as they were. She dropped the towel and we went to bed.

