The Starr Report: The Forbidden Pages

Author: Fluidity (1998-09-14 at 16:36) #18913

The following incident took place a few days after the last report where Ms. Lewinsky admitted that her spurting urine found its way onto a bill signed by the President and onto a ceremonial pen handed to Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich (see: 208.225.116.137/watersports-bbs/messages/18842.htm).

Ms. Lewinsky continued her testimony.

The next time I came to visit the President under the same conditions that we had agreed on before. I filled myself with about two and a half liter bottles of water over a two hour period before I came to the President's office with some “files” for the President. This time I was more frantic for a wee than I was the first time; I was bouncing and fidgeting with my thighs pressed tightly together. Ms. Currie this time commented on it. “My goodness, child, don't you know where the girl's room is?”

“That will be my first stop after I drop these files on the President.” I thought that wording was a bit inelegant but didn't have the concentration to try to reword it less disrespectfully. My hands were full, as it were, fighting my bladder. I think I heard Ms. Currie mumble to herself something like, “I've seen more young women needing the girl's room since I took this job than I have in my lifetime.”

Finally I was motioned to go on in. The President was waiting for me with a big smile. I felt so good, and then I remembered my bladder. “Mr. President, it's much worse this time. I've gotta whiz or I'll burst.”

“C'mon into the bathroom with me, Honey Pie. You can untie your pucker strings soon enough.” With that he reached up and unhooked my bra and pulled off my sweater. By the time I got into the bathroom I was topless and he was nuzzling my very ample breasts… What was that, Mr. Starr.”

The Honorable Kenneth Starr: “Would the witness please stop referring to her breasts as 'ample' or 'very ample'. Sometimes a thing makes more of an impact to an audience if ones attention is not forced upon it.”

Thank you, sir. Well, the President began fondling them and sucking on my nipples and I was getting horny as hell, but I needed a pee so badly that I could hardly stand still. The President got his hand on my vulva and then my clit and was manually stimulating me. I was caught between two great urges, to piss like a race horse, and to come like a rabbit. I was beside myself with pleasure and pain.

Suddenly I heard a woman's voice outside the bathroom. “Bill? You here?” she said.

“Fucking shit!” said the President. “It's Hillary.” I just about died and lost a big squirt of pee before clamping down. The President wiped his hand off on a towel, and whispered to me, “Just stand still and don't do anything. I'll be right back.”

But I pleaded with him, still whispering, that I had to pee unbearably bad. “You can't pee. If Hillary hears the sound of a woman peeing she will go utterly ballistic. She will sic the CIA on you and your family will never find your body parts. I'll be right back.”

Hearing that, I almost shi my pants, but regained control, wiggling in place silently, desperately, painfully full of quarts of urine. My very ample, sorry, my tits wiggled like mad as I stood there and fidgeted. I could hear everything that took place in the other room.

“Hi, Hon.” opened the President. “I thought you were meeting with the National Organization for the Preservation of Our Natural Springs and Streams. I was just about to take a whiz.”

“Cut the bull shit, Bill,” said the First Lady. “You piss once a day just before bedtime. Its the only part of our sex life that still works. Do you have another fucking bimbo in that bathroom? Besides I have to pee, too, and was going to use your bathroom.”

“No, Hon. Really. Vernon and I were bullshitting over Reno's love life and I had a few too many cups of coffee. I really have to pee first, right now.”

“Don't fuck with me, William. Is she blonde or brunette? Another big-titter like you like?”

“Hil, you've gotta believe me. I gotta whiz like mad. I'll be right back.”

With that the President reentered the bathroom and locked the door. I was shitting bricks. He walked up to me and whispered, “Honey, you have to stand here and pee. You have to convince Hillary that I'm pissing like mad.”

I asked the President if he didn't have to pee. “Oh, I could dribble a few ounces, but Hillary is expecting to hear Niagara Falls and you have to give it to her.” I told him that I have never stood and peed into a toilet in my life. “Well, you are going to have to do it now. Just walk over here.”

By this time my panties were on the floor and my skirt was hiked up. All this continued to be done in whispers. Suddenly the First Lady could be heard outside the bathroom door, “What the fuck is going on in there, William? Do you have to piss or don't you. You know I can't wait all day. My fucking bladder's bursting!”

“Hil,” said the President, “I'm just trying to relax and adjust the equipment. I had to cut it off mid-flow when you walked in. I'd just started, and it's tough to get it going again.” At that he leaned into my ear, “Now piss young lady or we are both toast. I'll spread your pussy for you like this.”

At that the President spread the lips of my vulva and began nibbling at my ear. I was starting to get very aroused again and had a hard time relaxing my bladder. I whispered that he should stop nibbling so I can pee. At that I began with a giant squirt into the toilet.

The President called out, “Oh, that feels so good.” Immediately the floodgates opened and I was pissing like the Mississippi. I had never pissed so hard in all my life. I thought the President would be very pleased with my performance, but I heard him whisper, “Oh, Shit, Honey, not that hard.”

The First Lady immediately chimed in, “That is no fucking cock pissing. You have never pissed like that even after I had you hold it for 36 hours on our honeymoon. There isn't any mother-fucking man that can piss like that. It must be one of your Goddamned Bimbos!” She began wiggling the lock and I thought I was going to shit again.

The President called out, “No, Hil, I really had to pee bad. It is just the reverberation in the bathroom. It sounds louder the way singing in the shower sounds louder.”

“I don't fucking believe it,” offered the First Lady.

By now I was empty and cut off the flow. I was directed to grab my clothes and run out the other room and dress and get out fast. As I did, I heard the President call out to his wife, “Golly, that felt good.”

I ran to my office almost running over Kathleen Willey.

