Desperate for a Story

Copyright © 2021, Melody Alexi

This erotic little story includes pee desperation, dress-wetting, humiliation, subtle domination, and first-time sex. Please keep reading if these things are thrilling to you. 18+ Only.

Chapter 1

Katherine had two problems: in the short time Charles was patrolling the garden with ladies she needed to find a toilet and she needed to dig up any conceivable dirt on him possible.

And even Charles could only be distracted by husband-hunting gold-diggers for so long.

The money to spy on her ex-lover had been good. Working for rival newspapers had all been going swimmingly, and even made their love affair a little more exciting, until the owner of the RidgeCrest Tribune died, leaving his entire empire to Charles. When Charles made it his mission to destroy The Herald she hadn't been able to stand him and his smug handsome face a minute longer.

Fight after fight broke out, and then they broke up spectacularly, complete with her launching a whole sponge cake at his head and him shouting into the street that she was a "traitorous leech."

The invitation to this garden party had come from his mother and Katherine only accepted for ulterior motives. There were rumors he was engaged in a torrid affair with the wife of a prominent columnist in the big city, and while gossip wasn’t her usual area that story would be huge.

She waited until he was well into the garden, thronged by girls, and then tried to look casual as she darted to the door.

Charles used to make fun of her for needing a toilet every five minutes. Sometimes he even got a devilish gleam in his eyes, like he liked seeing her that way, and gripped her hand to keep her from darting to the bathroom or tried to make her laugh. He'd seen her nearly wet her skirts once, just barely making it to the washroom in time to avoid soaking herself...

She shook away the embarrassing memory and the strangely erotic little thrill that came with it, trotting up the front steps. She thought she’d escaped notice—until a voice rang out from the hall behind her.

"Kathy!”

She cringed, forced her most winning smile, and turned to face Charles' mother.

"Mrs. Archer."

"I didn't think you'd come! I'm so glad you did."

Katherine pressed her legs tightly together to stem her anxiety and the budding ache to relieve herself.

"It's good to see you," she took the woman's hand and fought hard to keep her smile.

She could ask where the bathroom was to distract the woman, but that would be a stupid excuse since she'd been in this house a thousand times. She couldn't think straight and didn't come up with an excuse before the woman started talking again.

"Have you talked to Charles?" she asked eagerly, not letting Katherine's hands go.

"I don't think he wants to see me."

"Nonsense, he misses you! He hasn't stopped moping a day since he lost you."

That was news to Kathy.

"He's all Mr. hard-hitting-news-man and haughty-director outside the house, but you should see him when he gets home. Just smoking cigars on the porch and staring sadly at nothing."

Katherine felt a strange helpless twinge and for a moment she couldn't tell if it was just swelling need to find the loo or something like ache for Charles.

Mrs. Archer was notorious for revealing more than her son wanted her to reveal. And she wasn't stopping.

"Of course he brings those little fortune hunters around, but they aren't you and he knows it. You should see him mope when they leave!"

Enlightening.

But she couldn't afford to be distracted for very long. Not when she felt a tiny hot trickle in her stockings and couldn’t tell whether it was sweat or a drip of urine.

"I was just heading for the bathroom," she blurted, hoping she didn't sound too desperate.

"Do get in a word with Charles if you get a chance, dear."

"Yes. Of course. I'll try."

Looking satisfied, the woman let her go.

The Archer family was wealthy enough to have two opulent bathrooms. The first-floor bathroom door was closed but she tried the handle just in case. Locked. She quietly groaned, but now at least she had an excuse to get up the stairs.

She tried to take the stairs carefully, without putting any unnecessary pressure on her bladder, but every step came with an excruciating little pang of need.

She strode past his bedroom door... and saw that it was cracked open.

Damn. That was too good of a chance to pass up.

A feverish flickering of memories hit her, memories of stolen moments there. He'd never properly made a woman of her, not with his mother down the hall. But still, there had been many erotic fumbling encounters and nude moments stolen here. Now, sometimes, in the middle of the night, she regretted never going all the way with him.

She glanced hesitantly at the bathroom door, down the hall, and then crept over to check the hall window overlooking the garden.

A circle of ladies stood around Charles like a white-clad cult.

He was distracted. Now might be her only chance.

She didn't have to go that badly, she assured herself. She might as well get her sordid errand over with.

She spread one hand nervously down the front of her skirts, as if to make sure she was still dry there. She was being silly. She could hold it.

The room looked exactly as it always had, if not slightly messier, with white shirts piled high in one corner.

His study was attached to his bedroom, and she started there. She flipped through the papers stacked on his desk. Nothing incriminating. But of course, he wouldn't leave anything out here for the world to see.

She went to his bookshelves and flipped through in hopes of a hollow book. Nothing.

"Think, Kathy, think." She'd once known this man better than anything.

She felt the damp heat growing between her legs.

"Almost done, Kathy, just find something. Anything."

Then she spotted it— a safe. It was tucked casually beneath a side table and had a combo lock. She’d never seen it before. Maybe it was new.

She slid to her knees in front of it.

"Combo, combo..."

She tried his birthday. Then the day of his graduation. Nope. What a pleasant surprise he wasn't that narcissistic. Maybe it was sad that she remembered this much about him. She told herself it was just because she was a reporter. She was just good at remembering dates in general.

She tried his mother's birthday. Nothing.

She tried his first day at The Tribune, as well as his first day as editor in chief. She remembered the date he started working there because she’d had a front-page story break that day too, and they’d gone to a grand dinner to celebrate. She remembered the day he took over as editor in chief because it was the day the end began.

She hesitated for a minute, and then tried her birthday. No. Well, it had been silly to even think it. She tried the day the war ended, the day he enlisted, the day he came home...

Then another thought struck her.

As a last-ditch effort, she plugged in July 19th, 1912.

The safe clicked.

"Oh, really Charles, how embarrassing," she blurted, even though she was pleasantly surprised.

July 19, 1912. They’d met out west, two intrepid young reporters covering a meteor shower. Before the war, before she was a devoted career woman and spinster. What were the odds of their paths first crossing so far from home, on the night of one of the most spectacular meteor showers in known history? Their eyes had locked, and their love affair began.

An uncomfortable feeling accosted her, and it was no longer just an increasingly desperate need to pee.

All this time she'd spent believing she was the only one who was hurting and now she was using her knowledge of him to spy on him. She was gathering information for a career-ruining story.

She was already lightly sweating, but she felt even hotter as she tugged a ledger from the shelf in the safe.

Nothing condemning that she could make out from pouring over the numbers.

She shuffled around among the papers.

She gasped— there was a ring box.

She flicked it open.

An engagement ring.

"Oh Charles," she groaned. Had he deliberately planted all this sentimental garbage to make her feel like a deplorable human? She tried not to think whether it had once been for her and moved past it, face really on fire now.

Then she found a stack of envelopes. Letters.

She skimmed over the return address. "Mrs. Withering?"

Withering was the last name of her editor and chief.

She flipped into the first letter—and her jaw dropped.

"Holy hell."

The letters were very steamy and very romantic on Mrs. Withering’s end. She talked of all kinds of things she'd love to do to Charles' body. He had to be half her age at least! Of course, there weren't any of the letters from his end so she couldn't have any idea whether he felt the same.

But this could get explosive. Not in the way her employer wanted, for certain, but explosive.

She sat in front of the safe, ruffling through the letters, feeling increasingly torn every second. What did she do now? What had she been thinking even accepting this assignment?

All she knew now was that she wanted to cry and that if she didn’t get to a toilet soon she was going to be in trouble.

And then she heard somebody’s voice and footsteps thundering up the stairs.

She shot to her feet.

"Ladies, it's been lovely." The voice belonged to Charles. Charles was coming up the stairs. It sounded like he was trying to disentangle himself from his throng of admirers. Shit. Shit. Shit!

Katherine scurried to the cracked door and peered out. There he was, taking one lady's hand in farewell and smiling at another, slowly inching away from them both.

She looked frantically around and hurried to the open bedroom window. The drop from it was too far and if she had to climb out a window there was no way she wouldn't pee. She did not need him to catch her like that, climbing down the side of his house while she pissed. Or worse, fallen at the bottom with pissed skirts.

Shit!

She scurried back into the study, but there was no escape there either. And then she realized she still clenched the incriminating love letters in hand. She bit the back of her knuckle to distract from the panic welling inside.

And then she felt it.

The tiniest trickle, sliding down her leg, hot in her stockings. And it wasn't sweat.

Oh, holy God.

She would not be able to survive the humiliation of being caught here with sopping drawers.

Then she heard Mrs. Archer’s voice ring out with something like irritation in it. "Oh, ladies! You're still here." And at the high-pitched sound of her voice, Katherine took advantage of the distraction. She dashed back into his bedroom, dropped to the hardwood floor, and slid under his bed.

"We were hoping to thank you for the invite, Mrs. Archer."

"It's been such a lovely afternoon."

From the sound of it, the girls were scattering like sheep at the arrival of Charles’ mother.

The annoyance disappeared from Mrs. Archer's voice a moment later. "Darling, did you see Kathy?”

"No," he said blandly. "I must have missed her."

"Well maybe you should call on her sometime," she prodded.

"I'm sure I'm the last person on earth Katherine wants to see, Mother."

Well, right now that was true.

But Mrs. Archer wasn't relenting, and she gave a wistful sigh. "You two always looked so happy. I thought you’d marry the instant the war ended."

"Before she sold her soul to Evan Withering?"

"I know you miss her."

"I'll see you for dinner, Mother." And his footsteps continued down the hall.

And he was coming this way.

Katherine resisted the urge to audibly sob as she felt another hot squirt blossoming between her legs. Hold it, Kathy, hold it. He'll disappear into his study and bury himself in his books and you'll escape.

That's when she realized there was an abominably large full-length mirror by his dressing table. And she could see herself in it.

Oh no.

She could only pray Charles wouldn’t study the reflection too closely.

Chapter 2

She held her breath as she listened to his footsteps thud into the room.

"God damn," he muttered to himself. "Mother and goddamn Kathy."

She stifled a satisfied snort. There was something undeniably gratifying about his own mother missing her and torturing him with thoughts of her.

But then his footsteps advanced again, this time to his dresser. He tugged open his top drawer, his sock drawer. Or, it used to be.

She didn’t think it was possible to feel any hotter. She couldn't tell whether it was fright, arousal, pee starting to seep from her, or all three. Like many people who grew up wanting to work for a paper, Charles had a bent for photography. And they'd spent several afternoons experimenting with his cameras. She couldn't see exactly what he was doing from here. But even though they'd never properly made love, they'd shared many an erotic evening, one or two involving racy photography. And she knew that he'd stashed all the resulting photos of her in his sock drawer. Had he never gotten rid of them??

Her flurried thoughts scattered into nothingness when his footsteps came closer.

There was a creak as he seated himself on the bed. His legs were not far from her face.

Don't breathe, she willed herself. And don't look in the mirror, she willed him, internally begging. Don't for the love of God look in the mirror.

He kicked off his shoes. And in the mirror, she could see him unbuttoning his shirt.

Her throat went instantly dry, to think of the times he'd unfastened those buttons before her. She tried not to crumple the letters she still gripped in her hand and shut her eyes so she wouldn't examine his chest and imagine her hands and breasts against him. The smell of lilacs wafted through the window and filled the room, and it brought a flood of memories. And she was aching to touch him again.

It was a terrible time to lose control.

She was so transported she nearly forgot her need, and it was a mistake. Her eyes flew open and her hand shot involuntarily down to her skirts.

The hot trickling she felt was either more sweat or not enough piss to cause real damage. Her skirts and stockings were dry. For now.

But she wasn’t going to last for long, not if he didn't hurry up and change and shuffle off into his study. Soon.

She bit her knuckle and waited, this time allowing her hand to press firmly in the crotch of her skirts, both to stay her need, and maybe to shut down other sparks of feeling.

Charles remained mysteriously silent and motionless.

Hurry. The hell. Up.

But to her astonishment, the creak she heard above wasn't the creak of him departing the room.

He was sprawling back onto the bed.

No, no, no, please no.

Charles was an eerily silent sleeper. There was no way to tell whether he was conscious or awake. She'd never know when it was safe to leave the room.

But then she heard a sound like fabric rustling, and she froze, and her heart stilled.

She gazed back at the mirror.

Charles was unfastening his trousers.

Ice prickled down the back of her arms, and her heart stilled.

He arched and wriggled out of the pants, inching them down to his ankles, and off. And just like that Charles was completely nude.

Oh, no.

She was rubbing her pussy raw, grinding it into her underthings, desperate to quell every hot thing she felt there. She fought not to squirm and let her skirts audibly rustle.

Don't look, Kathy, don't look, she willed herself, but nothing was working.

She watched, helplessly drawn to the sight of him easing his dick into his grasp.

There were already beads of wetness at the tip, and he lubricated himself with the precum.

And in his other hand, he held...

She swallowed.

Her naked photograph.

She buried her face in her arm, cheeks flaming hot.

What had she been thinking, letting any man photograph her nude? And a volatile man like Charles? Had she really thought they'd be together forever? That any secrets would be safe with him? He was just like her: a snoop of a reporter who would do anything to get his hands on a good secret or a good story.

And yet, watching him work his hand up and down his length, the ache she felt for him overpowered everything else, even her need for a washroom. She hated herself for watching him, but she couldn’t focus on anything else.

She clamped her hand harder between her legs but couldn't pry her eyes from the mirror.

He was as big as ever, his erection straining in his hand...

Her nipples were tight in the bodice of her dress.

And finally, her brain flared with a warning: the urgency she felt wasn't just the sudden wave of arousal.

She had to go. Urgently.

Charles groaned softly and the sound affected her strongly. She felt a fresh, tiny blossoming of wetness in her underskirts.

Don't let it happen. Don't let it happen. Not here. Not where she was sure to be caught by him. Caught under his bed and caught pissing like a desperate schoolgirl. She couldn’t handle that kind of humiliation.

And Charles had every reason to destroy her personal and professional reputation now.

She fought back the sting of hot tears and tried to gulp a few deep breaths of the springtime air spilling from the window.

Charles began to grunt and the blur of terror and arousal and need was too much to handle.

It was happening. It couldn't be happening.

She softly bucked and bit her knuckle harder like that could stop it.

But it wasn't stopping.

A hot squirt trickled from her and spread in her drawers.

No, God, please no. She just barely bit back a groan in time.

But maybe this was her answer. Maybe if she could alleviate just the tiniest little bit of pressure, she could stay herself until he either fell asleep or left. Maybe.

She took a deep, silent-as-possible shuddering breath and let herself release another spurt. Just enough to take the desperate edge off.

Her face flamed in embarrassment, even if he couldn’t see her while it happened. The pee spread in her drawers and into her stockings, creating an uncomfortable dampness around her most intimate places. She blinked back tears and buried her face in her arms.

But for a moment, the small release helped. She felt a tinge of relief, and with any luck, her drawers and stockings caught the most of it, and her outer skirts would still appear dry.

She hated the thought of scurrying home with such an embarrassing secret concealed beneath her skirts, but it couldn't be helped.

Now if Charles would only for the love-of-God finish already.

She looked back at the mirror. She told herself it was to gauge when he would be done but she knew a small part of her still wanted to look.

He was deeply immersed in what he was doing and the bed creaked above her and his soft gruntlike sounds were coming sharper and faster.

She stared in helpless ache and awe as he pushed himself nearer the edge and she watched his member rise and fall in his grip. The sight was more intoxicating than she cared to admit, and knowing it was all for her...

The creaking of the bed became more flurried and she hoped that meant he was heading for the finish line.

She bit her lip hard and clenched her legs together— and did not look away.

And then with a few final spasms, it happened.

She couldn't see as much as she wanted but she could imagine the hot liquid spurting from him and pooling over his hand and she could remember once when he'd let her tug him into an equal state, and the thrill she'd felt in every inch of her, and how she'd wished he was inside her...

No, Kathy, no...

She was on the very brink of bursting.

Charles groaned and then relaxed.

It was over.

He was done. Now he either needed to sleep or leave. Please, please, let him just leave, she willed.

Being so close to freedom made her pussy quiver.

Charles seemed to relax on the bed and collect himself. He produced a handkerchief from somewhere or another and she watched tremblingly as he cleaned himself up. Maybe she should just play this to her advantage. Maybe she should just roll out from under the bed and offer to help. Catch him and put him in the prone position.

But that would take time and time was running out. She was quivering from head to toe with embarrassing need and again willed him to leave.

He finished wiping away any evidence of his momentary weakness and tossed the handkerchief into a pile of other discarded laundry.

She waited anxiously for him to get up. Or to roll over and go to sleep.

He did neither. Her heart stopped as he leaned over to tug open the bedside table and produced a cigar and a match.

She knew his methods.

He lit the match and waited, agonizingly long, for the sulfur to burn off so as not to affect the taste of the tobacco, and then, slowly, lit the cigar.

She bit back an agonized groan.

He sat back in bed and smoked absently, staring at the window, which was a little too close to the mirror for comfort.

She bit the back of her arm and glared daggers at him knowing full well he couldn't see them.

And while he smoked away panic was starting to roar in her ears, sounding like the ocean. She should've just surprised him, but it felt too late and would make for a lame attempt now.

She knew it could take 45 minutes to smoke a cigar. It looked like a small one but even if it lasted twenty, she didn't know if she could make it.

Charles never used to smoke in bed or anywhere in his mother's house. Everything she'd seen here convinced her that he really must not be doing as well as she'd thought.

He smoked and did nothing else except letting the cigar rest in the tray when it was smoked low enough to ash. It was almost as though he were taunting her.

After letting the ash break off into the tray he resumed smoking— and looked casually into the mirror with a smug smile, like he'd known she'd been there all along.

"I'd offer you one, but if memory serves, you don't smoke."

A terrified hiss of pee escaped her, just one hiss, but enough to loosen her grip on the floodgates.

"Fuck you, Charles!" She sobbed. And another hiss of pee escaped. Panic overwhelmed her as she realized that it was over. She was caught and there was no way she would make it down the hall and to the toilet in time.

She buried her face in her arms and surrendered to the needs of her biology, sobbing.

Chapter 3

She was peeing herself. It was too late.

The surprise and rage and horror that came with being caught— and with his smug knowing — pushed her over the unimaginable edge.

The first few frightened hisses were followed by a stream.

She wept helplessly as she peed her skirts, the hot wetness pooling around her pussy, spreading down her legs, and audibly trickling onto the hardwood floor.

She covered her face while she cried like she could hide from him, like she could smother this most embarrassing moment of her life.

He laughed at her feeble attempt to hide, and at the sight of her absolute humiliation, making her want to punch him even more.

The stream kept hissing and the puddle kept growing on the hardwood. It seemed to last an hour.

Even when it stopped, she couldn't uncover her face. She could barely breathe. She wouldn't be able to hold her head up ever again.

"Katherine," he said, his hard tone tinged with something... gentle. Maybe chiding. "Come out."

She could only release a soft sob in response.

She was soaked and caught spying under her ex’s bed. Charles wouldn’t let her live it down ever. She heard his feet touch the floor and heard him walking off to somewhere. Then she felt his presence crouched by the bed.

"Come out and I will help you clean up."

That his tone was almost pitying somehow made it worse.

She slowly lifted her head and slowly managed to inch out from beneath the bed. He had put trousers on at least, thank God, even if he remained glaringly, frustratingly shirtless. The way he was taking in the sight of her like she was an errant child strengthened her resolve to be defiant.

She tried to hold her head up as she stood. The front of her grey dress was darkened, absolutely sopping with wet.

His tone changed from pitying to roguish in an instant. "How embarrassing." He leveled a devilish grin at her. "Like a petulant child."

The anger flared and she almost gave him an earful. But before she could do or say anything he snatched the papers out of her hand. "Oh. You found these things." He flipped through them. "I thought maybe they’d make good blackmail if Withering ever stooped low enough to come after me." He laughed. "You know. Like sending my exlover to snoop in my bedroom or anything like that."

"I hate you," she hissed, wiping away tears. It was a lame retort and she knew it. He didn't even bother responding to it.

Instead, he put the letters down on his night table.

And he grabbed her, stooping to heft her up over his shoulder.

"Put me down!" She pounded his back with her fist. He was carrying her to the study. "Charles, I swear to God I will scream for your mother!"

"You are soaking," was his only response.

"If you touch me I will—"

Once in the study he dumped her into his desk chair and pulled open his desk drawer, producing rope. Why the hell did he have a rope in there? She realized after a beat that she didn’t want to think about it.

"If you want to scream for an audience, go ahead. Scream. I'd take great delight in everyone seeing you for what you are."

It was enough to stop her screaming immediately as he fastened her hands behind her back.

"What are you doing?"

"Blackmail. That's what Withering and you people are all about isn't it?" He casually adjusted the desk lamp lighting in her direction. "Anything for a sordid story.”

Her heart began to race. She'd watched for endless hours as he’d adjusted the lighting to his liking. Lighting for...

Oh, God.

He produced his compact vest pocket camera from a cabinet by his bookshelf. It only took tiny pictures. But with the right lighting, she knew full well the dark stain would be visible. She could lie through her teeth and tell anyone who would listen that it was only a shadow. She could...

But he put the compact camera on the desk and went to the study corner, this time returning with his large camera on its wooden easel, the sort that could take paper-quality photos.

"Charles, I will murder you!"

"You've inspired me with your voyeuristic methods," he said casually, while fiddling with the setup. "It’s good to see how you manage your career these days."

"It’s good to see you're as much a man of honor as ever," she hissed through gritted teeth.

"Says the woman who hid under my bed to watch me pleasure myself." She bit back a curse and realized that tears were streaming down her cheeks. But what could she do? She could scream for his mother but the thought of Mrs. Archer and a whole host of servants seeing her like this was unbearable. Plus, Charles probably really would enjoy it.

He stooped low, his face hovering near her face. She resisted a strange, raging flurry of emotions at the sight of his eyes boring into hers, his mouth hovering close to hers. "I'll cut you a deal. If you let me unfasten these," he slid one finger under the buttons that kept the bodice of her dress fastened. "I'll promise to keep these for my private collection. Barring any other insufferable trespasses."

She bit her lip to stop from launching curses at him and to conceal her arousal at the proposition.

She could feel her nipples hardening again in her chemise and something was happening in her wet skirts that she did not want to acknowledge or admit.

"Or," he relaxed his eager stance suddenly. He sat back on the desk. "I could of course just let you go home. Like that."

He flickered one glance over her wet skirts, causing her face to heat afresh.

How was she supposed to slink home like this? How was she supposed to walk her street or parade through the front door of her house like this?

"You win," she hissed, quickly and quietly.

"Oh no," he said, and she hated that she knew that tone, the I'm going to make you admit what you want tone that made her melt and filled her with outrage. "It is entirely up to you how this plays out."

"I hate you, Charles."

"I know," he said.

And he let her stew in silence, returning to his camera and adjusting its three legs.

She could no longer tell whether the heat crawling her body was from the embarrassment of messing herself, the anger at Charles, and the undeniable heat of want creeping through her.

And he, the lout, was going to make her choose.

She knew he wouldn't relent.

She took shuddering breaths and tried to let the air from the window cool her senses.

But all it did was bring back lurid memories of him similarly and firmly telling her she’d have to admit she wanted his body if she wanted it.

She blinked away the tears and forced herself to lift her head, in a weak attempt at defiance.

"Do it," she hissed.

"Do what?"

Bastard.

"Take your goddamn photo."

"Mmm, in which pose?"

She gritted her teeth. "You can unfasten my dress."

"And you're sure you want me to?"

Smug son of a seething whore...

"Yes," she said, her jaw firmly clenched. "Yes. That is what I want."

And she did.

And whatever sensation budding and furling tight in her stomach did as well.

He looked so disgustingly damned pleased.

He made rapid time of unfastening her bodice buttons, parting the fabric.

Bravado aside, she could feel her breath hitching in her throat. They had taken tumbles before, and he had seen and felt her breasts, but no man had seen them since. He was the first and the only and now he was practically a stranger. Something about the thought of him seeing her again like this, in broad brazen daylight, was enough to arouse her to the point of trembling.

He expertly tugged loose the fastening ribbon at the neck of her chemise.

And in no time at all he had roughly parted all concealing fabric, exposing her breasts to the chilling air.

She shivered and tried to keep her eyes trained on him while he took the view hungrily in.

"Good God, Katherine," he said, as if the words were snatched from him involuntarily. Then he flushed an ever-so-slight degree.

So, he wasn't only playing with her. He wanted her too.

That knowledge was warming and so frustrating. Then why weren't they together? Why were they at war? Why didn't he just come over here and take her now...?

She squashed the fantasies and watched anxiously as he went to his camera.

He took two pictures of her in this state: One with his professional camera, sure to capture her stained skirt and all the paleness of her naked breasts and hard nipples.

And then one with his vest pocket camera, sure to capture the essence of her being naked. Somehow the idea of him keeping such a small photo that couldn't serve as blackmail or anything other than a small reminder was affecting. And not exactly unpleasantly.

When he was finished he didn't make a move to release her. But he didn't make a move to taunt her more. He only stared at her.

She straightened, trying to look composed even with his eyes on her nakedness. "Now will you let me go?" She tried to hiss the words, but they came out as more of a subdued whisper.

"I will. If that's what you want."

Katherine, if she had more presence of mind, would have remarked that she didn't want any of this. But now she wondered whether that was exactly true.

"I can have a servant send up clothes. They've done it for other ladies since." He didn't say since you. "They are discreet." She didn't like to think of them smuggling in fresh clothes for his conquests. "You can be ready in an ill-fitting but clean dress and out of the door. And out of my life. Or..." He pulled close his second office chair and sank into it across from her, eyes blazing and more earnest than she could remember them being for a very long time.

"I could tell you that I like seeing you like this, helpless and subdued and humiliated, and still defiant, and sitting in your wet skirts. And I could tell you that seeing you come undone, and seeing you wet—" He visibly tried to recollect himself. "Is the single most arousing thing I've ever been lucky enough to see."

She was speechless.

Her heart was hammering in her throat.

Of course, he'd barred her from the bathroom before, but always, she thought, out of teasing. And when she'd always made it in time, she'd chalked his disappointment up to playfulness.

In some perverse way, she enjoyed his enjoyment. She missed this strange exchange, him making her beg for what she wanted, and her caving to his desire to see her subdued, but always holding onto a thread of bratty defiance.

"I'm already hard again,” he said suddenly. “Do you want to see?"

This felt like the point of no return. To admit that she wanted this... She was highly aware of her humiliation just then, of how wrong this all was, and how arousing it was that he was aroused by it.

She imagined him lifting her wet skirts and fucking her hard.

He'd know that he'd won, he'd know that she missed him, and he'd know that some small undeniable part of her was thrilled by all this.

She could see the outline of him in his trousers.

"Yes,” she blurted. “I want it. I want to see you." He looked so goddamn pleased, but this time his thrill felt less revolting.

He undid his trousers and let it come free.

Jaunting, straining, erect, perfect.

"Christ," she realized a moment too late she’d said it audibly.

His eyes bored into hers, asking unspoken questions.

"Are you asking to bed me?” she asked, just to be sure she wasn’t imagining all of it. “Like... this?"

"I've never wanted anything more."

Her throat went morbidly dry. "You'd have to untie my hands," she whispered.

He grinned. And rather than step behind her to unfasten the ropes, he caught her by surprise. He straddled her in the chair, pressing his erection against her stomach causing her heart to spike. He arched low to kiss her neck, reaching behind her to unfasten the ropes. Her heart was out of control, him straddling her damp dress and pressing thick and lustily into her.

Her hands free, she surprised herself by roving his skin with them. She sank her nails into his ribs, causing him to grunt softly in pleasure.

Hearing the rustle of her skirts as he ground against her thrilled and frightened her.

“Let me stand,” she said quietly.

He pulled away and watched wordlessly while she stood, still shaking. But with a boldness that startled herself, she tugged her dress further down her waist, down her legs, and let it pool around her ankles. She stepped tremblingly out of it— and became aware afresh of how her bloomers were sheer and clinging to her.

One glance in the study mirror revealed that the fabric clung to her pussy so that the outline of her vulva was visible. He could see her shriveling with humiliation and tugged her into his arms before she could wilt further. "It is stunning. You are stunning."

"I..." she stammered, but her anxieties were broken off with a kiss. A deep kiss.

He ran his fingers along the hem of her bloomers and then extracted them hungrily. Free of her damp underthings, she suddenly couldn't breathe.

She'd been naked in front of him before, but never with his erection straining close and unchecked like that, throbbing and growing visibly, never with him hovering ready to penetrate her.

Was he really aroused by seeing her like this? She was trembling, tears drying on her face, with damp clothes, evidence of her naughtiness and embarrassment, strewn all around her.

In the mirror, she could make out the muscles of his back, his sculpted ass, and was afflicted with visions of him thrusting into her, and with not another thought she seized him and pulled him close.

He lifted her into his arms and her legs tangled around him naturally, intuitively.

He carried her thus to the bedroom. Her face heated to think of the puddle still under the bed as he laid her on it. "Don't hide from me," he chuckled, sensing her withdrawal, and he slid a hand down her thigh, forcing her legs to pry apart. She was hyper-conscious of how damp she was, but he seemed to revel in it, head hovering low to take in the smell. She nearly withdrew again, but a firm hand on her inner thigh prevented her. He let his other hand foray delicately over her pussy.

She realized then just how wet she was, stiffening as he let his thumb rove softly over her clit and then dip over her entry.

"Charles!" she gasped. He'd only touched her briefly and gently before, in stolen erotic moments.

"Did you enjoy it, Kathy? Watching me?"

She bit her lip.

"Answer me," he prodded, the hand on her thigh reaching up and tweaking her breast, causing her to lurch. "Yes. Yes, I enjoyed watching you. I enjoyed every second."

She could feel his pleasure. He sank into her, kissing her mouth and face and letting his hand rove in hot, heavy strokes over her most intimate places. The bed groaned beneath them and she nearly cried again for relief and pleasure.

"I've dreamed of you every night," he whispered, nuzzling her neck, and then arching down to nuzzle her breasts, making her gasp. "Of this. I heard rumors you were seeing men at the paper and I..." she felt his muscles twitch. "Couldn't stand the thought of any of them seeing you like this, claiming you first like this, making you theirs."

He tenderly bit her neck and she groaned in response. "And if we're being perfectly honest, I dreamed of you desperate and squirming like this. And I couldn't stand the thought of you embarrassed for anybody else."

He'd never fully exposed this primal side of him but it delighted her.

His finger stroked her entry again— and began to dip in.

"Oh Charles," she jumped. And he laughed.

"You are tight. But you’re certainly wet enough. Are you sure you want this, Kat?" This time it was her nipple that he bit, oh-so-softly, but it was a sensation she'd never imagined in her life.

He was frightening her. And she was reveling in being frightened.

She'd never dreamed these emotions and sensations could culminate in the most intense, erotic experience of her existence. Or culminate in such a sure sense of knowing.

She was ready for him. All that prim and proper time they'd spent together so afraid of what people would think of them, so taken with appearances, so buttoned-up, it all felt so menial here, now, naked with him. Every taboo felt faraway and small.

"You're still innocent, aren't you?" he asked, hungrily dipping his finger inside her again, making her writhe.

"I am," she flushed, but she couldn't say from what emotion.

"I always knew I was going to be your first. I was going to make you mine. I was waiting to marry you. But you can't wait anymore, can you?" He kissed her neck again. "You were always impatient. I should have taken you sooner. And I should have never let you go."

His finger probed deeper. "Charles!"

"What do you think, Kathy? Is it time?" He let his finger glide, tantalizing over her most sensitive nub.

Anxiety sparked through every inch of her and tingled pleasurably between her legs. If she hadn't entirely unloaded her piss she'd be in fear of wetting again.

She breathlessly nodded.

And he mounted her instantly, sending her heart to her throat.

He shifted until his shaft was poised at her entry, pausing only to grasp each of her full round breasts. Then he let his tip press into her slick entrance.

And then suddenly there was a hot throb of pain.

"Oh, God!"

She looked down to see he was barely inside her. The piercing pain came only from the tip of his shaft.

"You're okay," he assured. "You need to relax for me."

His experience angered her more than she expected and it disarmed her. In her unguarded moment, she took him deeper into her body.

"Agh! Oh my God! Charles?"

"If you want me to stop, I’ll stop." His voice dropped, lightening the mood. "Mother will hear you," he laughed lightly. "Although she'll probably be thrilled." He adjusted himself against her.

"I want to... but it hurts...”

"You're tensing," he whispered, collapsing onto her, and kissing her chest, her breasts. "I need you to relax, darling. You're safe. You're safe to be afraid and you're safe to be ashamed and there's nothing wrong with feeling either."

And strangely, she did relax then. And felt herself naturally receive him deeper.

"Is this okay?" He whispered, arching forward ever so slightly, throbbing against her tightness.

She nodded. And then she cried out as he pierced forward. She looked down to see she was lanced on his shaft, and amid the cloud of pain, there was a surprising, hot, wet fullness. And then he thrust again hard— and she released a cry of agony that she was sure the whole house must have heard. He was inside of her.

"I’m sorry," she gasped past the cloying pain and the perverse thrill.

"Don’t apologize.” He let his fingers foray into her hair. "You're safe. And... you're mine." He adjusted and she felt him straining inside her. His expression looked as though he ached.

In her reluctant acceptance, she spread her legs wider to take him deeper and groaned at his fullness. The hard iron poker she'd been watching him handle was now inside of her, and she imagined his precum pooling inside...

She allowed him to thrust harder and deeper into her trembling internal heat and savored the warmth of his hands on her breast. He was angled just right, enough that as he thrust she felt pleasure spike all through her.

She sank her nails into his back and he gasped.

His. She could get used to being his. She could stand the thought of wetting for him again and again. Would there be more desperate garden parties? More desperate evenings in this bedroom? More wetting her skirts, mortified, while he watched with that hungry look on his face...

She released another cry as he thrust deep, hitting just right to cause an incredible all- consuming spark. He groaned and the knowledge that he was as enthralled as she was intoxicating.

She buried a fist in his hair and coaxed him in deeper.

And then suddenly he seemed to withdraw, as though he were fighting... something. She remembered his last desperate bucks while handling himself in bed and recognized a similar strained look on his face.

"Coming so soon?" she teased, because she couldn't help it, and in retaliation he reached up to tweak her nipple again, making her moan.

He struggled to regain a measure of control over his breathing like it might help in overcoming his struggle.

But this even-brief turn of the tables was too much to resist.

"Always so controlled Charles," she raggedly teased.

"Stop it. I will cream you."

Oh, holy God.

"Will you?" She gripped his hair again and let her nails trail up his back.

He shivered. "I'm not lying, Katherine. If you knew... how tight... my balls are."

He was balls-deep in her by now, the sort of thing she'd only dreamed of. The pulsing was driving her to her own brink, but she was determined not to show it. Not when seeing him, unraveling for her like this, was so thrilling.

"Does your mother know what a rake you are?" She laughed. "Do all the women who work for the paper? I'm sure they all think you're the perfect gentleman."

In a rush of boldness, she bit his shoulder. He grunted in ache. "Am I the only one who knows?" She prodded.

He gripped one of her wrists to keep her from further clawing up his back. Although the fullness of him still ached inside of her, there was also welling pleasure.

And part of it came from seeing him like this, jaw set, determined not to come so soon inside her, so eagerly and so boyishly.

"You were always a brat," he grunted, through gritted teeth.

"And you always loved it." She arched upwards, pressing her breasts against him, taking him deeper, and he grunted again.

This time he seized both of her wrists. "Stop it. Unless you want me to tie you to my bedpost and keep you there until you mess your skirts again."

"Maybe I do want that."

And that was too much for him to handle.

“Damn it, Katherine.”

He lowered his head in defeat and began dissolving into the moment, caving to the mounting pleasure with every thrust.

She savored the hard, searing thrusts into her virginal core, savored how thoughts of her humiliation seemed to undo him.

He picked up kinetic thrust, raggedly clawing for the finish.

She writhed beneath him, moaning as he made her his.

She could feel him pulsing inside her, feel him pulsing towards his climax...

And something she hadn't entirely expected happened as he razed her. Her own pleasure bubbled to the brink of bursting.

He released a taut gasp and she realized his moment had come only a second before it happened.

He extracted from her, thrust against her, his balls thrusting into her— and came spurting white and hot cream onto her lower belly.

His pleasure, his last throes of friction, and the helpless guttural sounds he made while coming were enough to make her bubbling pleasure burst.

She savored the last quivers of his tight balls against her and came hard, the first climax she’d ever shared with a man, the first in his presence, and she hoped the first of many.

The shivering ecstasy shot through her core and her clit and her tits and sent the world tilting.

When she could breathe again, he was smiling at her.

An overwhelming warmth replaced the electric shock.

She was his now. His to humiliate and his to hold and his to do whatever he liked with. She waited for the practicalities to come flooding back. The paper, the competition, the anger, the realities. But they never did. Only an awareness of rightness.

They lay like that for a long time and she knew that now the scent of lilacs drifting through the window would always remind her of this.

Finally, a small glimmer of panic began to hit her. What if this was all he wanted? What if this rightness was only felt on her end?

"What now?" She asked quietly.

His smirk gave no answers, or at least none that she wanted. "Now we’ll get you cleaned up and you'll take the long shameful walk to one of my carriages."

Her face heated again instantly to think of being paraded past the household staff. But there was a gentleness in his voice. "I’m going to get clean clothes for you at least. And after you've had a night to rest and recover we'll talk about... everything."

She wanted to ask what he meant by everything but he was already up and pulling on trousers and going to call for a servant.

A lady servant arrived with clean white underthings and a fresh dress and Katherine couldn’t meet the girl's eyes as she delivered them. She hated to think she was just another girl having clothes delivered after a long afternoon of wild lovemaking.

"What about my other dress?" she asked Charles.

"I'll have it laundered and starched and ready for your next visit."

Next visit. Her heart fluttered but she tried to keep the hope out of her expression. She hoped he’d make good on his promise to tie her to a bedpost...

He walked her down the stairs, through the servant's quarters, mostly empty with staff out cleaning after the party, and walked her out of the back door to a waiting horse and buggy.

A thought struck her. "Charles," she stopped some distance from the carriage. "What happened today. When I..."

"Pissed your skirts in front of me?"

She winced. "Yes. That. Is that something you’ve experienced with other girls?"

"No," he grinned. "That was just between us."

She didn't know why that made her hide a smile.

He waved to the horse driver to pull closer. "You tell Evan Withering that if he doesn't want these salacious letters published in my gossip column, he'll fuck off." His voice lowered. "It's too bad you sold out to the bastard. I could use a fearless writer like you on my team."

The buggy came to a halt beside them and he turned to face her. "There's a position for you at our sister paper if you ever want it. They’re in need of a feature writer. Consider it."

She could hardly believe what she was hearing. "You've never taken my work seriously before."

"Well. Now I know what great lengths you'll go to for a story."

She glared and he laughed. "I've always believed in you, Katherine. You were a threat to me, you have to know that."

She graciously made no further comment on that admission. "What will you do with those pictures of me?"

"Keep them," he said, with astonishing warmth. “And I’d like to take more.”

She stood silently for a moment, unsure how to process this much excitement and anticipation all in one afternoon. Unable to process how the world could change in a single day.

He helped her into the buggy and then stepped away to let it leave. But before it could Katherine leaned out the window. "I can come back tomorrow. And we can talk about... all of those things."

He nodded. With not another word he waved for the carriage to leave, but not before smiling darkly at her.

