The Desperate Ballerina

Author: J.E. Hart

I had ten minutes before I was supposed to be on stage, dancing live in front of hundreds of people and I wasn’t even fully in my costume yet.

My nerves were in full swing to the point where I had been taking sips of my water bottle for the last hour. I had to go and fill it up twice.

It was great to stay hydrated especially when you’re a dancer, but the problem with that was now I had a nagging pressure in my bladder and there was nothing I could do about it. I was totally helpless.

I tried to get into the bathroom before I put my costume on, but it was occupied and every time I went back to check, someone else had beat me in there. I waited as long as I possibly could to get dressed and now I was going to be late if I didn’t hurry up.

The costume was beautiful with an intricately embroidered and crystaled leotard and a perfectly crisp pancake tutu, but it was a pain to get on and off. I could barely go anywhere with the tutu on and the leotard combined with tights made access to my pee hole ten times more difficult.

I knew I was going to have to suck it up, get out there and dance, and then as soon as I got backstage, make a dash for the bathroom so I had enough time to undress, pee the ungodly amount I had in me, and redress.

Just the thought of that sent a shiver down my spine, which in turn cause my bladder to spasm. The pressure from the tightly fitted costume didn’t help matters any either.

“You’re on stage in five, Lisa,” one of the backstage directors let me know.

I nodded in acknowledgment and paced around, waving my hands to get them warmed up and making sure my pointe shoe ribbons were tied to satisfaction.

The only other time I had an accident in ballet was when I was ten and we were rehearsing for The Nutcracker. I was hidden under Mother Ginger’s skirt waiting to pop out and I had to pee so badly, I just let go and peed in my light pink leotard and tights. Everyone could see the wet patch clearly and there was even a puddle on the floor, so we had to end rehearsal early to clean the mess up.

I was so humiliated, I swore to myself I would never let that happen again, and to this day I made sure to include using the bathroom as part of my pre-performance ritual.

Except for today.

Today luck didn’t seem on my side.

I rubbed my legs together and took a deep breath while I waited for my music cue. I hoped it wouldn’t be hard dancing with a semi-full bladder and that it wouldn’t get worse when I was out there. I’d never danced in a show having to pee this badly, but I had the idea that the need would disappear once I got in the zone and was working hard.

It did work that way at first - my need all but disappeared as soon as I appeared under the harsh stage lights and began to dance, using all my strength and energy on the job before me.

But then, during a lift with my dance partner, he placed his hand dangerously close to my bladder and I felt his thumb press in, pushing around the pe inside and causing my bladder to contract.

I almost fell out of shock, but we managed to hold it together and once I was back on the floor, I had to keep dancing or else lose time with the music. That little push hit me hard and I scrambled to get my desperation back under control and force it out of my mind.

I knew I was getting close to exiting the stage.

I kept telling myself that as soon as I got off, it was bathroom time. At this point, I was breathing hard and the dancing wasn’t distracting me as much. My preshow nerves had disappeared and I was left with a deep, pressing feeling in my abdomen and a lot more choreography to get through.

I really wanted to do something to help myself hold, like squeeze my legs together or use my hand to physically hold back the urine. But I couldn’t possibly do that - not in the middle of the stage when everyone was staring directly at me. It sure would have helped, though, and it was a tough thought to forget.

My music ended and the lights panned away from me, leaving me on the wing of the stage in the dark. If people hadn’t been behind me, I would have shoved my hand under my tutu and let the small amount of relief it would have given me wash over my tired body.

I rushed backstage knowing I had only a small amount of time to make this work. Complicating matters was the issue that in one of my pointe shoes, the shank had broken and I needed to swap shoes out fro another pair. I had backups in my bag, but that would waste precious time I otherwise would have used to get myself to the one bathroom backstage.

I danced around, which fortunately looked like I was just trying to keep myself warmed up for when I needed to jump back on stage and not because I desperately needed to empty my throbbing bladder.

With my extra pair of pointe shoes in hand, I rushed down the narrow hallway that led to the toilet and skidded to a halt in front of it. I turned the doorknob and...

Locked.

The knob didn’t turn, but rather stayed in place and jiggled slightly. I decided to knock anyway just to make sure someone really was in there and the door wasn’t just jammed or something.

“I’ll just be a minute/’ another woman’s voice came muffled from behind the thick door.

I backed away and slinked down the hallway again, feeling utterly defeated. I made a turn to go to my dressing room, where I could at least sit down for a minute and get my shoes on. Deep down I knew that I wouldn’t make it to the bathroom during this break, but I was having a hard time coming to grips with that.

“Let’s see,” I said softly to myself, “There’s the whole second act, and I’ll be dancing or on at least on stage for the whole time. There’s no way I can duck out even for a minute.”

My heart sank and a twinge went through my full bladder, causing me to stop, bend over a little, and press my legs together as tightly as I could. This was turning into a big, big problem.

I made it to the door of my dressing room and stood outside it, leaning against the doorframe. I twisted my legs together like a pretzel and bobbed up and down for a second, just trying to get me mounting desperation under control.

A few minutes later was back on stage and ready - or as ready as I could be with a bladder filled to the brim with urine - to dance.

My pointe shoes took up a big portion of my attention this time. These ones weren’t as broken in as my others, which were coming off of half a day of rehearsals from yesterday. They were stiffer, more painful, and overall took more effort to dance in, which proved to be both good and bad.

It was good because it helped take my mind off my aching bladder, but it was bad because by now I really needed to focus on not leaking. It wasn’t easy spreading my legs into leaps and contorting my body in all sorts of ways that somehow pressed into my bladder and sloshed the pee around.

The layers of my leotard and tights would at least protect me for a little while if any unfortunate drips happened before I could relieve myself. I was determined not to let it get that far, though. I only had to get through about another hour and then I would have more than enough time to pee and even wait for the toilet to free up if need be.

Then the next wave of desperation ran through me, making me shudder it was so bad. Suddenly I wasn’t as confident anymore. One errant hand placed on my abdomen, one slide and correction on the slippery floor beneath my shoes, one jerky movement that made it impossible to keep my pelvic muscles tense and I would be in enormous trouble.

I stumbled through a few steps because I was concentrating too much on my bladder, and then I got more stressed and felt the need to divide my attention even further. There was a big lift coming up in the choreography, and I knew that my partner was going to have to place his hands dangerously near where my bladder was located.

I couldn’t mess up this lift. It would ruin one of the high points of the ballet and become one of the most embarrassing moments of my career if it wasn’t perfect.

We launched into the lift and immediately I felt the weight in my bladder and on my pee hole increase ten-fold. I had to keep my legs spread out into a split position while I was held up in the air, and that was when I knew I was in a serious predicament.

Halfway through the lift, while my partner paraded me around the stage, I felt the first warm, wet trickle form into the gusset of my leotard. It was a leak. And not a teeny, tiny, ‘oops, I just dribble in my panties’ leak, but a steady stream of pee that had to have made a wet patch on the outside of my leotard.

I was able to stop it with just the strength of my muscles, but the seal had been broken. My heart was pounding harder and faster than it ever had before. The dull, throbbing tingle in my bladder was getting harder and harder to ignore, even when I was in the middle of difficult choreography.

I wanted more than anything else to just run off the stage and pee, but I simply couldn’t do that. I valued my career more than I did my pressing urges to empty all the pee from those two bottles of water.

The worst part by far was yet to come: there was a point in the ballet when I had to stand stock-still and watch the other dancers. It was part of my role and I had to do it. If I so much as wobbled or stepped out of place, the spell was broken and the attention was cast back to me when it was supposed to be on everyone else. I was effectively a prop, albeit a very necessary, important prop.

I didn’t know how I was supposed to keep perfectly still. The constant movement was the only thing keeping me from losing all control, even if it was a double-edged sword at this point.

I got into position with one foot tucked behind me and pointed. I used this moment to catch my breath and relax a little.

That was a huge mistake.

As soon as I relaxed, another spurt of pee fought its way out, rewetting the damp spot on my leotard. I wanted more than anything else to lift up my tutu and look down to see just how bad the leak was.

It took everything in my power to stop that leak from continuing to grow. If it got to be too much, it was going to start dripping on the floor, which would be an absolute disaster. I couldn’t imagine what would happen if I left a little puddle on the stage where people were dancing.

I knew I looked terrible doing it, but I screwed my face up into a sort of grimace. The pressure and pain were so bad, I didn’t know what else I could do besides leak. My pee didn’t have anywhere else to go and I couldn’t move even an inch to help hold it in.

After what seemed like an eternity, I was supposed to dance again. I launched forward into my steps, trying to put on a happy face that matched the music, and felt that now-familiar- warmth spread around my crotch again.

I furrowed my brow for a split second while I struggled to keep the trickle of urine under control. If I kept this up, it would be obvious to everyone around me that something was wrong.

I rushed through the choreography a bit, even to the point that I was ahead of the music. It left me with extra time at the end of the song to disappear into the darkness near the curtains. I should have stopped, struck some sort of pose, and smiled while I pretended that it was exactly what I was supposed to be doing, but I just couldn’t.

No one could see me standing in the shadows, so I took this time to pulse my knees up and down, waving my legs back and forth and bouncing like I was on a trampoline.

I couldn’t bear the sharp pressure of my overfilled bladder anymore, so I pressed my hand into my leotard and used my fingers to help my wavering pee hole hold on.

It felt amazing for a few seconds, but that fleeting relief melted away and I was left with a damp hand that smelled like pee and a terrible aching in my bladder that I couldn’t make go away.

I was back on stage a few seconds later with some solo choreography. I honestly had no idea how I was going to make it through this.

Every little movement I made was torture on my poor bladder, and my pee hole was throbbing now. If I didn’t keep my legs pressed together or moving in some way that actually brought some kind of relief, I wasn’t going to be able to prevent more leaks.

I semi-danced, semi-shuffled around the stage, doing my best to balance my raging desperation with my duty to keep dancing through it.

Almost instantly, yet another leak, this one bigger than the rest, made its way out. I could feel it on the inside of my thighs, wetting my tights all the way through. My costume couldn’t take much more liquid, but my bladder couldn’t hold it back any longer.

Another long, forceful spurt sprayed out during a pirouette. I wanted to stop turning and deal with the leak, but that was out of the question. Instead, I kept my turns going, smiling through the pain as pee sprayed out.

The ballet was coming to an end. Based on where we were in the music, I estimated we only had about five to ten minutes left, depending on how long we stayed to bow for the audience.

The most important thing to me at this point was holding on for just a few more minutes. Worries about leaking were a thing of the past -1 was going to leaks no matter what at this point.

I forced myself to stand up straight and not hunched over, which was what I really wanted to do. Standing tall stretched my bladder and sent shivers through my entire body. Goosebumps raised on my bare arms with each shudder.

God, I’d never been this desperate before. Waves of sheer urgency washed over me. I was truly at the end of my Line, but I still had one more jets and one more pirouette to get through. Then I was done.

I could do this.

I threw myself almost recklessly into the leap, feeling my thigh press into my bladder bulge as I entered the splits.

I knew in that second that I was in trouble - bigger trouble than before.

I came down onto the floor with a floaty step and pulled myself up into another pirouette.

The whole time, a trickle of urine dribbled out, getting larger and wetter each second. By the time I had one leg up in a turn, the pee had made its way past the fabric of my leotard and tights and was now dripping onto the floor.

I wanted to gasp. I wanted to cry. I wanted to run offstage and do something, anything to stop this terrible situation from happening.

I simply had to make do with all I had in the moment, which was basically nothing.

I kept turning in the hopes that maybe the steady stream of pee would get spread out a little more and no one would notice it.

Then I thought about it more and realized that of course my fellow dancers on the stage with me would notice.

I could hardly believe the immense relief I felt as my bladder slowly emptied and the pressure disseminated into a slight tingle.

My pee was flowing in a full-on stream now, the way I wanted it to in the toilet. I finally finished my pirouette and finished the final steps of choreography with my partner while the last little trickles of pee slid down the wet fabric of my tights.

I sneaked a look down as the curtain closed and the sounds of clapping surrounded us. It was hard to tell that my tights were wet purely because of the color and fabric, but the shiny puddle on the floor was more than obvious.

My cheeks were burning, but I hoped everyone would think it was just because I was hot and tired. Probably not, because I didn’t usually get flushed like this any other time I danced.

The curtains opened up again and we had to all stand together and bow for the audience. I couldn’t help it notice that the bright stage lights reflected off of my puddle, making it so much more apparent to everyone - everyone - who had their eyes on the stage.

I bit my lip and looked around, waiting to see who saw the wet spot. I was sure a few other dancers did, but no one said anything to me, not even backstage when we were cooling off.

My bladder was weakened after holding for so long, so I spent the rest of the night making regular trips to the bathroom.

The last time I peed before going to bed that night, I thought back to my accident on stage. I wondered who saw it and had to clean it up. I wondered what would have happened if I had a chance to use the toilet beforehand.

I had to admit to myself, it felt amazing to finally just let go, even if I fought my need down to the last trickle. I wished I had been able to hold better, but I thought I did pretty well considering the circumstances surrounding my desperation.

I kind of wanted to do it again. Maybe not in a way that was unplanned and stress-inducing, but in a fun way. Maybe at the next big rehearsal. I knew one thing was for sure: I wanted to feel that fullness, that pure desperation, at least one more time.
