Tales from "The Day The Earth Couldn't Sit Still"
  Entry to: Month 4
By: Bob (1997-04-25)

By a mechanism we may perhaps never understand, the aliens were able to induce in every member of the human race, simultaneously, a desperate urge to urinate. For purposes of this narrative, this event will be referred to as The Urge, capitalized. Extensive follow-up research revealed this data:

(1) As nearly as can be determined, bladders filled for 10 minutes or so with no sensation, then quite suddenly discomfort and urgent need for relief occurred with no warning. The onset of the discomfort is referred to as The Urge, so the physical filling of the bladder might be referred to as a pre-Urge phenomenon.

(2) The longest confirmed elapsed time between onset of The Urge and relief urination was 13 min 30 sec by a person who had just urinated about 9 minutes before onset and who was in a mild state of dehydration. However, the average time for all members of the study group was 1 m 45 sec, and for 23% the time was effectively zero as micturition commenced immediately. In general it appears that children were less able to hold it than adults.

(3) Breakdown by gender of five categories of relief is as follows.

This study was of 2749 adults:

MALE FEMALE

WAS IN OR REACHED PROPER FACILITIES 9.1 6.8

DIVESTED CLOTHING IN NONTRADITIONAL VENUE 42.7 40.1

DIVESTED CLOTHING IN EMBARRASSING PUBLIC SETTING 26.1 11.7

URINATED IN CLOTHING 21.8 41.3

DID NOT URINATE DUE TO UNUSUAL MEDICAL CONDITIONS 0.2 0.1

TOTAL 100 % 100 %

It is interesting to note that almost twice as many women as men ultimately soiled their clothing, and that over twice as many men as women were willing to expose themselves in public to avoid doing so. Where some privacy was available, even if an alleyway or other nontraditional venue, about an equal number bared themselves. 50% more men managed to hold out until facilities were reached.

(4) The above survey was of people who were awake. A separate tally of 961 subjects who were asleep at the time yielded these results. Most are from Europe as it was mid-day in North America. They are separated by age but not gender as no significant differences were found between the sexes in this study:

Category: CHILD ADULT SENIOR

Age range: 0-13 14-59 60-92 (oldest in survey)

Number: 233 402 326

WET BED WITHOUT WAKING 53 26 31

AWOKE WHILE WETTING BED 36 29 47

AWOKE AND USED FACILITIES 11 45 22

Conclusions to be drawn from this are left to the reader.

(5) Following in no particular order are a few anecdotal reports of varied incidents resulting from The Urge. These appear to be typical examples of scenarios which must have occurred hundreds or thousands of times over the face of the globe:

Senator Jesse Allen Humphrey was in the heat of debate when The Urge came. He had planned to filibuster if necessary to block passage of a bill which would prevent much lobbying money from finding it's way into his pockets. He also hoped to favorably impress that cute little page whose pants he planned to get into before the week was out.

In mid-sentence he suddenly had a tremendous need to urinate. He begged for a temporary adjournment but was refused, as the chairman was, he knew, dead set against his position. If he wanted to use the restroom he would have to abandon the floor. Not wanting to do that, he continued on, and realized too late that he should not have done so. He also should not have worn that pale gabardine suit that day, because the pants showed the stain most prominently as he pissed down his leg, to the merciless giggles of that sweet page whose charms he would never know. The bill passed.

John and Alex, best buddies since the 7th grade, were at the carnival that had been set up for a week in their small town. They had hopes of picking up a couple of girls there, and had spotted Jill and Marsha, the Everest twins, just getting on the ferris wheel. They bribed the operator to put them on an adjacent car so they could keep an eye on the girls, and hopefully chat them up on departing the wheel. Just as the ride started in earnest, The Urge came. Soon the operator knew he would have to go before he would have time to unload the ride. As he couldn't leave it running, he stopped it and then ran toward the bathrooms, along with the lucky occupants of the car that stopped at the bottom.

John and Alex had stopped about even with the hub of the wheel. They both had to pee so bad they knew they couldn't wait until they got off the ride, so each took a convenient whiz off his side of the car. The girls, however, were directly above them, and could not so conveniently arrange to piss clear of the car. The resulting rain thoroughly drenched John and Alex as they had no means to dodge it. John's wasn't quite as bad as Marsha peed through her cutoffs, but Jill had actually bared her ass and Alex caught the first shot just as he looked up. It was warm and salty-sweet.

"I've told you before, you may not leave choir practice to take care of bathroom needs. You are expected to do this at other times! You don't see me leaving this class to use the bathroom, and you never will. I expect no less from you!" Sometimes Sue Beecham, choirmistress at St. Luke's School for Girls, wished she didn't have to be so stern, but these girls had to learn! If you gave them an inch they would run all over you! The group she was leading was the fifth grade choir. They all looked so adorable in their school uniforms--pleated blue plaid skirts, knee socks, black Mary Janes, and middy blouses. Stern Sue Beecham stood before them in a pale blue pants suit, very chic. It turned out to be a very poor choice for that day.

Unfortunately, the aforementioned discourse took place just two minutes before The Urge hit. The girl in question, 11-year-old Melissa Stormingham, already in mild distress, had no chance at all, and immediately began to pee her knickers quite profusely. The hot urine coursed down both legs, soaking her long stockings. She was in the back row, however, and so out of sight from Ms Beecham. Within 20 seconds or so, five other girls, all afraid to breach Ms Beecham's recent stern admonition, each began to contribute her own puddle to the risers on which they stood.

Two were in the front row, and Sue Beecham stared in disbelief as her star soprano, blonde Alice Tuppers, moved her feet half a meter apart as a solid stream fell from beneath her skirt to splash between them. That was all it took to make Ms Beecham's own burgeoning distress uncontainable, and the students in turn were amazed to see a darkening stain expand from her crotch, as all the others in the choir joined her. From Melissa to the last hold-out, only 32 seconds elapsed!

It was a long line waiting to get tickets to the rock concert. Nobody was about to give up their place in line to run to the loo. When it became too much to bear, the boys in line whipped it out and whizzed in the gutter or against the adjacent building. Some girls were wearing skirts and simply removed their panties, spread their legs wide, and peed out from under the skirt. Those wearing pants (the majority) either pulled them down and squatted or peed in them. Sam Wilson had brought a camcorder along, and he was so busy gathering incredible footage (later perusal showed a solid 9 minutes of 17 different girls peeing--some were totally graphic!) that he peed his own pants rather than miss a good shot.

Peter and Marie, residents of Amsterdam, had rented a rowboat and were enjoying a fine date on the canals. They were both 14, rather shy, and both virgins. When The Urge hit they were a few minutes row from a place to land. Marie was wearing a dress, and had inadvertently been giving Peter some delightful views of her panties as Peter rowed, facing her as she sat in the stern. When The Urge came, she almost immediately peed her panties, much to Peter's surprise. Realizing he also had to go very urgently, he thought to go off the side of the boat, but then gallantly joined Marie in her discomfort. That night they lost their virginity.

Greta Hummel was in the middle of a demonstration when The Urge hit. She was doing a solo climb of a sheer rock face, with dozens of other rock climbing enthusiasts watching and photographing from below, including the press. She had just completed a difficult traverse and had come to a breathing spot when The Urge struck. Greta realized almost immediately that she could not possibly reach the top before she would have to relieve herself. Not wanting to piss in her rather expensive liederhosen, she tied off and, cameras be damned, bared her ass and let fly. The majority of those below were too busy with their own distress to notice, but Rolf Smitz got a magnificent series of 16 shots with his rapid auto-wind and tripod- mounted 400mm lens. The best frame revealed a magnificent parabolic arc of pee, highlighted in the sun, shooting from her pussy framed with damp golden fleece. Many of the frames were motion-blurred, but this one was razor sharp, and well worth peeing his pants for!

Many traffic jams resulted from The Urge. When every driver on a crowded highway suddenly has to pee, the result is chaos. Fred Williams was in his carpool--his "harem" as he liked to call it. He and four women from his office pooled, and each had a different day of the week to drive. Today was Marcia Hendricks' turn. Fred was in the back between Alice Hemmings and Faye Johnson. Two of the women were married, all four were attractive and friendly.

"Marcia, you've got to find a rest stop. I suddenly have to go bad," volunteered Faye. This brought on quick conversation revealing that every occupant of the car had to go. However, they were stopped in stalled traffic, on a bridge, of all places! The car was a hatchback, and as luck would have it, in the space behind the back seat was some trash from an old excursion to Kentucky Fried Chicken--a large tub and two soft drink cups. Necessity precluding modesty, Fred gallantly covered his eyes as the gal on either side of him and the passenger in front awkwardly used a container to relieve themselves. Then it was Fred's and the driver's turn. A cup was emptied into the tub and passed to Fred. It was still hot, and Fred was already a bit tumescent from this whole bizarre experience, so he had some trouble, but finally succeeded. Remarkably, all five were able to pee in the containers with minimal spillage. Ever after they referred to Marcia's car as the "Water Wagon".

Johnny French was a creep. Well, actually he wasn't that bad, but some uptight people would consider him pretty creepy. Although basically polite, clean, nice-looking, and honest, Johnny was a voyeur. He would never pass up an opportunity to glance in an open window or the gap of a dressing room curtain to see what he could see. If moving to the right spot and then not moving for 10 minutes would give him a glimpse of combed cotton crotch, he would often invest the effort.

Johnny was an excellent swimmer, and he visited public pools often. He ordinarily didn't much go out of his way to engage in voyeurism, but the pools were an exception. He discovered early on that with small goggles he could see very clearly underwater, and enjoyed the close-up views of female bodies whenever he could. Finding that a fair percentage of patrons were somewhat suspicious of goggle-wearers, but oblivious to other underwater swimmers, he devised a wonderful ploy. He obtained a pair of tiny goggles, just one monocle over each eye strapped together, actually, which were flesh colored.

When he was underwater it was impossible to tell he was wearing them from above the surface. He kept them in a pocket of his suit and became adept at diving under the surface and then putting them on. Johnny could hold his breath for 2 minutes easily, and 3 with some effort, and so spent much time cruising under the surface. Often he could trail right behind a girl swimming on the surface, and get his face literally inches from her pussy. Some girls had too-loose suits that even afforded him glimpses of actual vulvas!

Many times he had managed to catch girls peeing in the pool. He got good at spotting the yellow haze spreading from their crotch area, and many surprisingly would reach down and pull the crotch aside to pee underwater. Once or twice he had seen this so clearly and closely that he had to stay in the pool extra time to lose his erection!

Amazingly, in the 2+ years he had been doing this, he had never been caught.

Ordinarily he never peed in the pool himself, although he considered it fairly harmless. Without resorting to endless detail, suffice to say that on the day of The Urge Johnny was in a crowded pool, and saw no less than 6 different peeings by females ranging in age from 8 to 31 (quickly passing 2 different boys also) and did himself pee in the pool. He surfaced for air after each sighting, and the following examples almost take longer to relate than they lasted:

The 31-year-old was a heavily freckled skinny redhead, and reached down to pull her suit crotch away from a flaming red thick bush, sending a strong jet of orange-yellow pee straight down as she stood, legs widespread, neck- deep, facing the shallow end of the pool. Johnny was behind her, close to the bottom, his face 18 inches from the source of the jet. She never saw him.

Two little girls, age 8 and 10, peed simultaneously as they clung to the side of the pool in the deep end. One held her crotch aside, the other peed through the suit.

An absolutely adorable high-school blonde was floating in an inner tube with her butt thrust through and her knees almost at her chin. She wore a pale blue bikini. Johnny had a ringside seat to watch the unmistakeable yellow cloud diffuse past the sides of the crotch of her suit. Her pussy cleft was perfectly molded in the bulging crotch. He boldly moved his hand into the stream less than 2 inches from her mound, and as he felt the heat of her urine against his fingers, he peed himself. God, it felt good! She never saw him either.

The Urge hit as the annual Tomato Festival Parade was in full swing. The queen and her 5 princesses were all on the lead float, waving to the crowds as the parade slowly wended it's way down the route. Queen Ardis suddenly realized she had to pee really bad. She looked over to Princess MaryAnn and saw that she was holding her hand to her crotch and grimacing. She looked at the crowd at the curb, with wall-to-wall urchins seated along it's length, and quickly realized there were no less than seven widening puddles running from underneath young watchers! Gave a new meaning to the term "parade-goers"! She relaxed and let nature take it's course, unable to keep the stream from landing on the t-shirted back of the driver of the float below her, who happened to be her Uncle Ralph, who himself was pissing all over his seat.

Although airplanes and busses and trains have bathrooms, they are not designed to accommodate the entire capacity of the vehicle in a 10-minute period. There were a record number of wet seats on public transportation that day. Especially hard-hit were school busses, which do not contain bathrooms, as a rule.

The Brookside Community Orchestra was in the middle of a concert when The Urge arrived. Each person thought he or she was the only one, and gamely determined to tough it out until the end of the number. The result was a lot of wet seats and soaked pants and dresses. Many performing groups experienced similar mishaps that day, but as far as can be ascertained, only the Brookside Orchestra was playing George Frederick Handel's "Water Music"!

