Patches Pays Her Bet

Author: Big Apple (1996'07) f P#073

Patches and I were driving home from our vacation at the Outer Banks. We had wanted to get as much out of our vacation as we could so we stayed until late in the day. As such, we found ourselves on the New Jersey Garden State Parkway late at night, actually it was more like very early morning about 2;00 am.

Patches had been dozing in the seat next to me when I noticed her stirring. She opened her eyes, stretched a little and said "I gotta pee......... Actually, I *really* gotta pee."

"Well, you've been asleep for a couple of hours and you drank down all that ice tea not too long before that. It's no wonder you have to go. There's a rest stop coming up in about 20 miles. We'll stop there."

After about 10 miles Patches started squirming her cute little butt in the seat. I started getting an erection inside my pants. "Maybe you better stop and just let me go on the side of the road."

"Aw. We'll be there in just another 10 minutes. Can't you hold it?"

"I don't know. You don't want me to wet your seat again do you?" Patches squirmed some more.

"NO! I definitely don't want that. But you promised to pay up on our bet tonght. Remember? You said you'd pee into a urinal for me. Can't you hold it just a few minutes more?"

"Oh damn. I forgot about that. Ok but hurry it up, I think I just leaked a little. I turned on the inside light and glanced over at Patches' shorts. Yep, she had leaked a little bit. I stepped on the gas and pushed the speedometer up to 75. Patches moved her hand to her crotch and pressed tightly. Something was pressing inside of my jeans at the same time.

We finally pulled into the rest area without her having an accident, or me coming in my pants. We got out of the car and looked around. This wasn't one of those attended stops where you can get gas and food, it was just a simple little picnic area where people could stop, eat a lunch and relieve themselves. At 2:15 am we were the only car in the lot.

We walked over to the men's room and Patches told me to go check if anyone was inside. I walked in, saw that it was empty and checked the stalls. "It's safe," I yelled out to her.

Patches came in and walked up to one of the urinals. It wasn't one of the standup kind, rather the kind that's a little shorter and seems to extend out into the room a little bit. "You know, I've always wanted to do this", she said. "How do you want me to do it, front or back?"

Her question threw me for a second. I had always pictured a girl coming in and walking up to a urinal, standing in front of it, bending her knees, thrusting her hips forward slightly and just "going". It hadn't occured to me that there would be any other way.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, do you want me to stand in front of it or do you want me to bend over and back into it?"

My erection just became full fledged. Picturing Patches with her cute little butt bent over and backed into the pee trough was quite a turn on. I had to think about it. If she went facing forward, I was pretty sure she would hold her pussy open for me so that I could really watch it flow out of her in full detail, the way I love to. If she backed in I wasn't sure I'd see as much. On the other hand the over all image in my mind was a new one and therefore very compelling.

"Back in," I said.

Patches' shorts were pretty tight, accenting every one of her cute little curves. She really had to squiggle around quite a bit to get them off. As she was taking them off I started to take my penis out of my pants. I had made a deal with her. Even though I technically won the bet she thought, because I tricked her, it only fair that she get to ask me to do something. And she told me she wanted to watch me jerk off while she was peeing. Me, being the good sport that I am and never wanting to pass up the opportunity to masturbate over Patches, quickly agreed to it.

However, as I started to remove my cock and she was pulling her panties down around her knees she said "No, I don't want you coming yet."

"What do you mean, I thought...."

"I've changed my mind, I have another idea but I need you to wait a little bit."

I was nervous, I never knew what kind of crazy idea Patches would come up with. But I knew she was fair and she wouldn't make me do something if I really didn't want to do it so I timidly replied, "Ok......"

Patches was about to step up to the urinal when I asked her if she would take her T-Shirt off also.

"That wasn't part of the deal," she said.

"Please, Patches. I want to be able to see your breasts and your pussy."

"Big Apple, you're incorigible. All right, but you owe me, and you're going to pay."

With that, Patches backed up to the urinal, pulled her panties down, bent forward a little bit and rested her hands on her knees. I soon heard that old familiar hiss and in no time heard the splatter of her pee against the wall of the urinal.

I stood back to take in the whole scene. I remember thinking that the way she was positioned, it looked like the urinal, the way it jutted out, was trying to goose her. I stepped in front of her and crouched down. Since her torso was perpendicular to the ground I was able to peer straight thru the cleavage of her swaying breasts to watch the torrent of piss hit the urinal.

She caught my eye with a nod of her head and said, "Like what you see, Big Apple?"

"God, Patches, you have no idea!"

"Yes I do," she quipped back.

I stepped in closer and looked over the back of her ass to see if I could really see her pussy and watch the pee come out. She was pissing a malestorm and said, "Ohhh I can feel some of it splashing back up onto my butt. Do you guys get sprayed this way?"

"Occasionally," I told her, "but not usually. We can aim better and don't seem to get that back splash problem". I suggested that she step a little further way from the urinal.

She took a large step forward. Her stream momentarily stopped and she dribbled a little bit down her leg and onto the floor. She then bent over a little more to get more height and continued to piss. The picture of her in that position, with her ass facing the urinal, her stream arcing into the air and her tits hanging in front of her was pure erotica.

She heard me moan and watched as I rubbed my cock thru my pants. She warned me, "Don't you dare come yet."

I couldn't help myself. I took my cock out of my pants, stepped up to the side of her urinal and started stroking myself furiously. I wound up comming just as her stream was finishing.

"I'm sorry, Patches. I just couldn't help myself. That was the most erotic thing I've ever seen. I just love watching you pee." And watching you pee into a urinal has always been one of my biggest fantasies. I'm really sorry but I just had to come."

"That's ok," she replied. "I understand, it just means that we'll have to wait a few minutes for what I want to do."

"What's that?"

"Come on let's get me out of here before someone comes in and I'll tell you outside."

She pulled her pink tanga panties back up from around her knees. She squiggled back into her shorts and we walked outside. "Ok. What is it you want?" I asked.

"Now I want *you* to pee in the ladies room. I want to go into a stall, pull my shorts down, sit down and have you pee right between my legs.

God, the thought turned me on. But I was a little worried. "I don't know Patches. I know you just went in the men's room. But you wouldn't get in trouble for that. If a guy got caught in the ladies room he could get into a lot of trouble."

"Well, if you don't want to, I'll understand. But we'll be in a stall and if someone comes in they won't know who's in there....... Listen if you do this for me I'll let you pee on my panties. You can pee right onto my crotch and watch it tinkle down into the bowl."

"Let's GO!"

Patches went into the ladies room just to make sure that there was no one in any of the stalls. When she gave the go ahead, I joined her. She stepped into one of the stalls, turned around and did her little squiggle routine. I'm telling you I absolutely love to watch Patches squiggle out of her clothes. She sat down with her panties on and beckoned me to join her.

I walked in - definitely comfy for two people. I turned to lock the latch but it was loose and barely held the door closed. I figured at this hour it was no big deal, we wouldn't be here that long anyway. I unzippered my pants and brought my cock out. I needed to go pretty badly myself by now but it was still too soon after coming, I needed a little more time. As I tried to relax I looked down, Patches was rubbing herself through her pink panties. I couldn't wait to pee right on her crotch.

I finally managed a couple of small spurts. The first one dribbled right into the bowl, the second one was a little stronger and landed right on Patches panties. The wet spot that had started from her self-ministrations grew a little bit. Patches moved her hand away so that I'd have a clear shot at her panties. Patches keeps herself well trimmed, I could see the outline of her vulva through her panties. I pictured myself peeing right through her panties and into the crack of her pussy.

Just as I thought my stream was going to start in ernest we heard the door to the ladies room open. Talk about adrenalin. My heart started racing at about 150 beats per minute, I started sweating and I couldn't swallow. I looked down at Patches and we both clammed up. God, I hoped she wasn't going to choose the stall next to us. Patches and I froze in position, her on the bowl, me standing right in front of her. God, what if the woman looked under the stall booth and saw four feet, two pointing in opposite directions! Shit! I was really worried!

Thankfully she didn't. We heard the stall door open a couple of doors down. We then heard the rustle of clothing as she undid whatever it was she had to undo to get things going. Then the unmistakeable tinkle as she started to dribble into the bowl. And almost immediately the strong sound of her stream as it hit the water full force. I could just barely hear the familiar hiss of her piss as she peed with a vengence.

In spite of my agitation and fear I could feel myself getting aroused again. My cock, which had deflated to a small nub when the woman first walked into the room, was starting to grow again.

As the lady's pee stream started to fade I started thinking. "Ok she's almost done, now a quick wipe, up with the panties, wash the hands and she'll be gone." My breathing was starting to return to normal when suddenly we heard coming from her stall a low moan.

"Ohhhhh......"

"Shit, what's wrong now," I thought?

The first moan was followed by an even louder one, "Hmmmmmmmm....."

I looked down at Patches who was looking up at me. We started to hear a very slight squishing sound followed by "OH, God, that feels good...'

I looked at Patches again and had to supress a laugh. The lady in the other stall was doing herself right there in the stall. She was getting herself off two doors away from us.

I looked up in the air and thought "What next?" Suddenly I felt a hand on my cock. I glared back down at Patches with a look that said "Don't you dare start anything now, don't you dare!"

Patches knew what the look meant but she ignored it. She started stroking my cock back and forth. I tried pulling away but had no where to go. She looked up at me with a mischievous grin on her face and put a finger to her mouth giving me the "Shhhhh" sign. Meanwhile she kept stroking and my cock kept getting bigger.

The sounds from the next stall were getting louder. The slurping sound was getting quicker and more intense. The woman was obviously finger fucking herself with a passion. She continued louder, "Oh, God that feels good, cum on cum on, I gotta cum.....Oh yes, I'm fucking myself I'm fucking myself.....oh that feels good......oh that feels good! Yessss. Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Meanwhile I was frantic. I was scared shitless of being discovered and I was hotter than hell with Patches giving me a blazing hand job. Talk about not knowing if you're coming or going! I was also having one devil of a time not moaning outloud myself. Patches really knew how to bring me to the edge.

Suddenly from the other stall we heard "OOOHHHHHHHH!!!!" The woman had obviously orgasmed. Patches knew I was on the verge and picked up the pace, her hand was a blur. Suddenly I shot my load. The first squirt landed on her tits, the second dripped down onto her panties. I absolutely couldn't help myself, I let out with my own gutteral moan, "AWWWWwwwwww."

Suddenly from the other stall we heard, "Oh my God, who's there? Is there a man in here? Oh my God!" We heard her stall door swing open and we heard her yell, "Who's here.....Oh my God, there's 4 feet in that stall, Who's in here?"

I thought I was dead. And I thought she must have been crazy. Instead of running away at 2:30 am in the morning from a guy in the ladies room, she came running over to our stall door and started pulling on it and screaming, "Who's in there?! You come out here right now!"

Meanwhile my cock was still spurting it's last couple of shots of jism. I looked down at Patches, I was really mad, and she.....she was laughing. I couldn't believe it, I was really upset. I thought sure I was going to jail, or worse. Any woman crazy enough to come storming over to a guy in a woman's stall might be crazy enough to do anything. Maybe she had a knife or a gun. Or maybe she had a boyfriend the size of Mt. Everest waiting for her outside. Shit I was scared!

Suddenly the woman was able to pull the door off it's already half broken lock. I turned around with my cock hanging out and there was Patches' friend, Pockets standing there laughing as hard as she could.

I was dumbfounded, then suddenly it dawned on me. Patches and Pockets had set this whole thing up on me. She thought I had cheated to win our bet and this was her way of getting even. I turned back around to look at Patches. By now she was standing up and laughing hysterically.

I know when I've been had. And I know a good one when I see it. So I finally started laughing myself.

"Are you mad?" she asked.

"I was really mad when you started jerking me off but I'll have to admit, this was one of your best jokes ever. How did you pull this off?"

"Well, I knew you wanted me to pay up on our way home tonight so I called Pockets and arranaged for her to be at this rest stop. I figured that if you wanted me to pay up earlier in the trip I could just keep putting you off until this particular rest area. And on our last stop in Maryland I called Pockets to let her know we were on schedule so she wouldn't have to be waiting all night for us."

"Well, you got me, and you got me good. But that's just because I'm so easy. You know, I really didn't have to go along with you. I mean I did win the bet."

"I know, but I figured you would."

"And you, Pockets. I owe you one, a big one. And I will collect," I chided her.

"Meanwhile, now that my heart's out of my throat, I still have to "go." And since I have two lovely and beautiful WS enthusiasts here with me what do you think we should do about that?"

But that's another story.

