Bursting evening out with my fiance Snacer! ;)

Author: Amy (2012-03-27 12:08) H#61247

Hi, this is a true story that just happened this evening as I type this story! Victor (known as Snacer on this board) is my fiance, soon to be husband, and he and I met online originally because of our holding fetish. Holding chats evolved into love in late 2010, and we have now moved to the same country to live together after being in a long distance relationship since then. Before we were living together permanently, we had a lot of visits and very hot and sexy holding experiences together during those visits. But tonight, we have had the hottest experience of our lives and we wanted to tell you all about it! I will write from my point of view, but Victor will type his point of view in at various points to describe how he felt during the experience too, and we will make it easy for the reader to understand who is writing and when. We hope you enjoy this story of our mind-blowingly hot and amazing experience!

Hi, it's Victor now, maybe you know me by the nick Snacer on this site. ;) I'll make some remarks in places I want to add something, but I can tell, my fiancee Amy made a great story and I have amost nothing to add. It was just mind-blowing experience, the hottest evening I've ever had.

During our time as a long-distance couple, we had a lot of chats on webcam where we would dream up fantasies we wanted to try together. We have tried a couple of them and it's been wonderful. This evening, we finally got to try the fantasy we've been dreaming of the most, and it turned out to be the hottest experience of our lives, and we plan to repeat it a lot! The fantasy was to use a tiny padlock to lock my jeans shut so I would not be able to unzip them and use the toilet, and to go to a pub together and get some beer, water, and soda and drink them together, with no toilet access for me. Victor, of course, was also not planning to pee during our time at the pub, and he has a really big bladder and is able to hold a lot, so while it could be a potentially painful experience for him, he would most definitely make it home dry. I, on the other hand, am able to hold a lot, but don't have quite the sphnicter control Victor has, so the potential for leaks with a very full bladder while walking home is great. 

We went to a pub not far from where we live, so we could walk home easily. We timed it so we would be arriving at the pub at such a time where we could drink slowly and have some bar snacks and relax together and have some nice conversation, and leave just around twilight so it would be dark enough that during our walk home, my desperation would not be noticed.

The rule was no peeing, no matter what, and whether or not I made it home dry was up to how well I could control my sphincter during the walk home. When we first got to the pub, Victor ordered a beer, and I ordered a diet soda. The waitress also brought us water. Victor instructed me to drink some water as well as my soda. We talked casually and relaxed while I finished my soda and he finished his beer. At this point, I did not notice my bladder, and when the waitress came to check on us, we ordered a little bit of light pub snacks and I ordered a beer and Victor ordered a diet soda. She refilled the water we had drank as well.

We slowly ate our snacks after they arrived, while having some really fun and interesting conversations, and I drained my beer and he drank his soda down. At this point I began to notice a little bit of sensation of beginning to need to pee, but I didn't take notice of it. We had probably been in the pub about an hour. I forgot to mention that before we began walking to the pub I drank a glass of water at home, and I also drank about 250 ml of water on the way to the pub from the water we brought with us for the walk. So all that liquid, one pint of beer, one pint of soda, was now working its way through my system and would soon be in my bladder.

After having our snacks, Victor ordered both of us another beer. The waitress also refilled our diet sodas. After that, I could feel my need growing, but it wasn't bad for a little while longer. I can't really remember exactly how long it took, but all the liquids I'd flooded my system with were very quickly making their way through my kidneys and into my bladder. As each moment passed, the tightness in my abdomen grew, and I felt more and more squirmy. But I knew that relief was a long way off, and there was no toilet access allowed for me. I told Victor how I was feeling, and he kept encouraging me to continue to try hard and hold it, and he told me that he believes in me and knows that I can handle it and hold it all inside. His encouragement really helped me to keep holding and also turned me on and made me so horny at the same time...wow, I can't even describe in words how it made me feel, and the adrenaline started to flow!

It's Victor's remark. Around this time Amy got a nice challenge. ;) We had been sitting in a booth beside each other, Amy was beside the wall and I was near the aisle. Sitting like this for about an hour or even a little more made my neck slightly sore, because of looking right side all the time, so I asked Amy to switch places for a little bit. It definitely wasn't easy for Amy, I could see it costed her a lot of efforts to get up from seat for a minute and to look normal, pretending she doesn't have to pee. Also, sitting near the aisle she couldn't hold herself without others noticing it eventually... So, soon I decided that Amy deserved some rest and we switched places again, Amy moved to the wall and was able to hold herself discreetly.

With each passing moment, the tightness in my bladder increased, and began to feel more and more like pain, but of course good pain since I love the pain of a full bladder and it makes me horny to no end! And Victor's words of love, encouragement, and sexyness really made me so hot. We were sitting in a booth, so I could grab my crotch and squeeze my legs together when I needed to. He told me to try hard not to be too noticeable about my facial expressions and squirming around. I guess I was starting to bob up and down in my seat and squirm a little, and I would wince and make a pained expression on my face pretty frequently at this point.

It's Victor again. Yes, to that moment Amy started to show her desperation more openly not even noticing it, and plus to desribed earlier, she started to suck in air with gritted teeth every minute or so, and she had been doing it with pretty obviously "I have to pee now!" facial expression. ;)

Little by little, my fullness increased and began to turn into desperation, but I had to try really hard to look normal and not show any need to the crowd of strangers sitting in the pub or our waitress who checked on us from time to time. Wow, I was so horny and so full of adrenaline, and so was Victor!

Victor let me know that his bladder was also filling and that he felt a strong need to pee now, but wasn't so bursting that he couldn't wait longer. We had a time we planned to leave near, so we would be leaving so it would be dark enough that just in case I wasn't able to make it home dry, no one would see my accident. He had told me, however, that we would leave when he said so, not when I wanted to. I'm always submissive with him while we're holding, and so I wanted to stay as long as he wanted. At the same time, I was on the verge of using our safe-word so we would leave earlier, because I was so desperate at this point I was near tears. I told him how I was so close to using the safe-word, and he told me we would ask for the check and leave.

Victor's remark. Yes, we have our "safe-word" in all our holding games, and usually this word means that person who used it, reached last point where it's impossible to hold pee inside anymore, or when it's no more fun because of too strong pain in the bladder. But we both trying not to use this word too often, just in emergency cases. And today for Amy this word didn't mean that she will get a key from padlock on her jeans, this word would mean only that we will leave pub as soon as possible, so in case she will have an accident, she will not have it in front of many people around looking at her. We're both into holding, but definitely public humiliation isn't our thing, so I would feel bad making Amy to lose control in such public place as crowded in the evening pub. I love and appreciate that in our holding games Amy took a submissive role, but I love "sweet dominance" and don't want to hurt her feelings putting her in situation where she would feel not horny, but ashamed. 

So, if Amy would use safe-word, I would try to check-out and leave pub asap, but it doesn't mean I would let Amy go to pee. ;) We would start our walking home, trying to take some discreet streets with almost no strangers.

And it's some reason Amy was near saying her safe-word. Usually her maximum bladder's capacity is around 1.25 liters, when she is starting to lose control and telling that pain and spasms are unbearable. Since her last peeing this evening she drank 1 liter of beer, almost 1 liter of soda and some water. And when we left the pub, it was about 2.5 hours since her last peeing. Not wondering she was bursting in seams, her body just couldn't find place where to put all these liquids!

We had to wait, however, until our waitress came to the table to check on us again. She didn't come long after that, but it felt like a long time for me. ;) She took the payment after that and returned only a minute or so later, but each passing second felt like an eternity to me and my poor, distended, overstretched bladder. My pants were digging into the bulge which was my bladder sticking from my abdomen, and there was no relief in sight. I knew I wouldn't even be able to unbutton my pants for relief because Victor had the key to the lock which kept my pants shut, and I knew he wouldn't unlock them for me until we got home. 

After leaving a tip for the waitress, it was time to gather our things and go home. Getting up out of the booth was like a monumental task for me. Each little movement jolted my poor, aching, distended and desperate bladder. Victor held my hand and helped me out of the booth (we had been sitting with him beside me facing the outside of it). I winced with pain when I exited the booth. Putting on my jacket and putting my purse on over it was much harder in this state than ever before. I thought to myself that I had overdone the fluids and was much more desperate than I even thought I was before we stood up.

It took every bit of willpower in me not to squirm and dance right there in the pub with dozens of onlookers. I'm a private person and very shy, so it was kind of embarrasing, but in a hot and sexy way. While I somewhat fear embarrassment, I also relish the thought of experiencing light humiliation in a sexy way. I didn't want the people in the pub to know what was wrong with me, but at the same time I was so horny and turned on with so much adrenaline pumping through me, knowing that it was highly possible they knew I needed to pee very, very, very badly and that I would leave this pub without visiting the toilet at all.

Victor grabbed my hand and we walked out. I was so frantic and with each step I felt so close to leaking. I knew at any second I would begin to have my first leaks. I really underestimated how full I was while sitting in the pub. There was a lot of pain in my bladder, but I didn't feel in danger because I was sitting, which always creates a little bit of a "seal" for my peehole making me unable to leak. Standing and walking was a different story, and it was at a critical point now! I pulled Victor with me into the alley beside the pub so we could be slightly alone and I wouldn't be spotted by many people. I was so frantic and began panicking a little with my desperation...I wanted so badly to make it home dry and to keep all the pent-up pee inside of my aching bladder, but already my bladder was wracked in uncontrollable spasms, and I had to fight very hard to keep from wetting myself.

I had a few spurts against my will, and then a slow, dripping leak that I had to fight very hard to stop. Victor told me to take my time and just do what I needed to do to get under control before beginning our walk home. I tried very hard to squeeze my sphnincter muscles as much as I could, and stood still with my legs crossed, twisting my body to and fro. Victor stood with his back to the street to guard me from view of strangers, but I could tell that despite this, a couple of people saw us and probably understood what was happening. ;) I wonder if they thought to themselves if we were crazy not to just use the toilet inside the pub right next door, lol. It was so much adrenaline!

After a few moments of this painful twisting and trying so hard to stop the occasional, tiny trickles that my bladder forced out of me, we decided to walk onward. We walked no more than about 50 meters from the pub in the direction of the street we wanted to use to walk home before I needed to stop again and regain some control. The pain in my bladder was astronomical. The spasms were coming now at a very rapid clip, and each step I took wracked my bladder and caused me to leak a little more. I wanted so much to get control back and stop leaking, but it seemed impossible. Victor and I stopped where there was a little stone bench so I could sit down.

At this point, Victor told me that his bladder was now aching pretty strong and that he also needed to pee very bad. Of course since he doesn't leak, I knew he would make it home dry. ;) I was so horny I couldn't even hardly stand it, and my heart was beating so fast from all the adrenaline that was coursing through my system now. I sat with my legs crossed hard on this spot, and with slightly wet pants. Victor told me that if I needed I could let a little go, have a partial pee just to get rid of some of the pressure so I could make it home with most of the pee still in my bladder.

Victor's remark. Amy let a little amount of pee out, but it definitely wasn't a lot, just a little bit. And I saw that in about 30 meters it was a parked car with girl sitting inside, so I'm wondering if we got some privacy or if she got to see this show from far away.

We were both so horny and wanted each other so bad that we could hardly stand it. I told Victor I was ready to try and go home now so we could make love as soon as possible! ;) I stood up and realized that the pressure was no less than it was before, despite letting a small amount out of me. I don't know how my bladder held so much inside, but the aching and pain in my bladder was still so great, and I just couldn't get my sphincter to tighten up again. As we walked a couple of more blocks toward home, I steadily had to stop to gain control of myself again before we walked a little more.

As we turned onto the main street that would take us home, we were standing in a dark part of the street and I had to stop right in my tracks. My bladder was now forcefully spasming, very hard, and uncontrollably. I was still using my holding muscles with all of my strength to hold the flood back, but now I was involuntarily losing my pee despite all of my efforts. Now, wetting is NOT my fetish, holding is. However, I held so hard that my poor, exhausted bladder just couldn't take it anymore. I stood fixed on the spot, and Victor was just watching with rapt fascination and hornyness, telling me how amazing it was to experience this with me. We held hands and gazed into each other's eyes while I tried so hard to stop my poor, tired bladder from releasing its contents. I really wanted to keep the pee inside of me, but nature was slowly winning against my willpower.

As I stood there, soon I lost the battle with my bladder and the forceful spasms it was making were able to push pee out steadily, and I stood there just peeing uncontrollably. It didn't start out as a gush, but gradually evolved into one. I stood there soaking my jeans, flooding my sneakers, my socks sopping wet with hot pee, and 2 large rivulets of pee began cascading down the sidewalk. Victor was so turned on and so amazed at how much had been inside of me and how hard I had fought to keep it in on the walk home. I just stood there moaning orgasmically while the flood commensed and there was nothing I could do to stop it. My bladder and sphincters were just too exhausted to fight anymore. But wow, it was so amazing to fight it until that point!

After I was empty, Victor and I stood in amazement and awe, and he told me that now he was also bursting to pee and needed to pee very badly. I told him that it was so hot that he had to pee just as bad as I had, but that his sphincter was so strong he could make it home. ;) We held hands and walked onward. All in all, from the pub to home was about a 30-minute walk, but it took a bit longer because of all the stopping to try and regain control of my bladder. We darted onto a side-street once the opportunity arose to avoid being seen, since I was soaked from my waist to the ground with pee. Victor complained all the way back how he needed to pee so bad, and we stopped a few times so I could hug him tight and press my tummy hard into his bladder to tease him! ;) We kissed each other deep many times on the journey home. Finally, we turned onto our street where our apartments are. Lucky for us, no one was out on their balconies, and we could just quietly go to our apartment with no one spotting us. 

When we made it inside, I peeled my pee-soaked shoes, socks, jeans, and panties off, and left them in a pile at the door to dry. Victor undressed as well, and I could see when he removed his jeans how distended his tummy was and how full and exhausted his poor bladder was becoming. He bobbed and danced around a little, and I pulled him to me and kissed him d feel how full he was, and that before making love he would need a partial pee, but not too much of course. ;)

I actually still needed to pee a small amount at this point, and didn't empty my bladder further. I drank more water. Victor and I went to our bedroom and I produced a plastic measuring jug to allow him to pee a small amount before we made love. After he peed a little bit, we jumped into bed in a fit of passion and caressed and played with each other, teasing each other before he penetrated me and we had the most hot and amazing sex ever! All of the adrenaline from this amazing evening was still flowing through us, and it was so hot! We came so hard and it was so wonderful!

After our amazing love-making, we had a shower and he released the rest of his pent-up pee, and I directed the stream onto my clit, and it was so fucking hot! Now as I type this, it's the same night and I now need to pee again. Victor told me that when this story is finished I'll be allowed to pee. ;) It's a long story! I'm not nearly as desperate as I was earlier, of course, but my bladder is so tired and still in some pain after tonight's amazing experience that it's still a challenge to hold it now. 

Victor's remark. It was incredible evening, the hottest holding/desperation experience I've ever had! We definitely will repeat it again, and again... ;)

This is Amy, and I wanted to add that while we know this is not a wetting board, and wetting is not our fetish, my accident this evening was merely the result of a very hard holding. Our goal in our holds is never to wet, but nature just won tonight because I was bursting at the seams so badly with all this liquid going through my system! Also, we don't tend to keep track religiously of statistics and volumes - we're mostly into the feelings, because as we say, "hornyness is not measured in milliliters." I hope everyone enjoyed our story! 

P.S. I'm so glad you enjoyed our story! We definitely know how lucky we are to be together, for sure! It was a completely random and by-chance meeting on Experience Project. We began chatting and found we had much more in common than just holding, and it just grew from there. He's originally from Russia, and I'm from the US. We now live in the US together. I like the use of the word "pub" better than "bar" for some reason, and it's really common to say "beer" here. Thanks so much for the comments! 
