Sis Piss Ch. 01
	Three sisters make their younger brother drink their piss.
Author: RabbitPrince (2011-12-03)

I met up with my sisters in the summer of 2010, at an apartment downtown where Leslee lived. As my oldest sister, she had invited everyone down to her place. This would be the first time the four of us were all together in eight years. Leslee was 32 and a martial arts instructor. She taught Aikijutsu, had a small and exclusive class, and made good money doing it. Marion was 31 and was a professional dancer. She was getting into teaching modern dance since she was getting a bit older and never hit the big time. Kathy was 29 and a professional accountant. She was the only one who had any weight, being a little bit chubby, which I think only added to her cuteness. I was 26 and just starting out a career in law. I sought to really impress my sisters and establish myself in some way as being superior.

None of my sisters had ever married, and I myself was single. Leslee had a nice, modern furnished apartment downtown, spacious and comfortable. We greeted each other, hugged, poured a couple of glasses of wine, and started chatting. I had expected that I would sort of swagger in and take charge of the situation, my sisters being cowed by what a tall, good looking, educated and confident young man I had become. Instead, I was stunned by their good looks and easy mannerisms.

Leslee was tall and thin, with flowing curly red locks, small perky boobs, and an amazing tight muscular body. She still had freckles, same as my youngest sister Kathy, and both still had their cute upturned noses. Marion was shorter and blond, with bigger tits than Leslee, and a shapelier ass, her dancer's body a marvel to look at. Her face was always more elegant, with more of a classical beauty than her two sisters. And Kathy was always to me the cutest of the three, the face of a pixie, and fire red hair that accentuated her freckles and sparking blue eyes. Her boobs were big and bouncy, and she had a plump belly with shapely legs and a thick juicy butt and thighs. Wow, my sisters all looked like knockouts.

We discussed our schooling and careers, and I was disappointed to not draw in words of praise and respect at my tales of grueling law school and my distinctive placement. All of us had interesting stories to tell, but mine always seemed to pale. Leslee had lots of amusing and surprising yarns about people she had met and situations she had been in regarding being a female and young instructor in the martial arts.

We all teased Marion to show us off some dance moves, which she declined, but did show us some clips of her on youtube, and said she would give us access to her dance studio web site so we could see some of her performances. Even Kathy worked at a fast-paced office with lots of amusing and colourful characters.

We were all chatting comfortably and getting reacquainted quickly.

The conversation turned to relationships, and each of us had a series of failed ventures, some shorter or longer, but never serious enough to consider marriage. All of us seemed to be missing something.

Then the talk turned to sex.

It seemed that all of us had something in common, but the more the subject came to light, the quieter I became.

"No, I definitely like golden showers!" exclaimed Marion. "It's just that I haven't found any websites that show what I am looking for."

"And what's that, then?" asked Kathy.

"Well, most of them just show girls taking a pee. Does nothing for me. Not into girls, don't like watching them pee. Not by themselves, anyway."

"That isn't really what I asked you," replied Kathy slyly.

"Ok," Marion said, fixing Kathy with an intent look. "I like when girls pee on guys. Specifically, in their mouths. Happy?"

Kathy just giggled.

"Well, you should try goldengirls.com," said Leslee. "They have a bunch of different stuff. Lots of just girls peeing, but they have some golden shower, girl on guy stuff. It's pretty hot."

"Do they pee in their mouths?" Marion enquired excitedly.

"Sometimes," replied Leslee. "There's another one I go to as well, mistressblade.com, she dominates her husband. Sometimes it's just bondage and spankings, but she pisses in his mouth and makes him drink it too."

"Wow, really?" breathed Marion. "Send me the link to that one, that sounds incredible!"

"Yeah, it's really high quality stuff. There's close-ups of her pissing directly into his mouth, and you can see him swallow it. Love it when they do that!"

Kathy giggled again. "I have a profile on quirksandkinks.com. I joined a couple of golden shower groups, there's totally hot stuff. People share links, and there's amateur stuff there too. Girls peeing on their boyfriends, guys drinking girls' piss, guys who act as toilets for dominatrixes, guys pissing on themselves. It's so fucking horny, I'm on there like, every night."

"Are you kidding me?" gulped Marion. "You guys have got to hook me up. How do I get a profile? Is it free?"

"Well, it's free to make a profile. You have to pay to get extras, like contacting members directly, posting and viewing videos and stuff. You can log in with my profile though. I, uh, have some videos of myself peeing though. I've had guys request it. It's really exciting, they jerk off looking at my videos and write me telling me how they want me to pee on them. I love it."

"Yeah, you'll have to let me check that out too!" said Leslee. "That sounds really hot. Have you ever met one of those guys or anything?"

"Just once, but there doesn't seem to be anybody really in my area that I'm interested in. Lots of them are really submissive, or sissies, and that's not what I want. I want a man who's a man, not some wimp. I just want a man that I can force to drink my piss," she giggled with a bit of a blush.

"Damn, that is totally what I want!" Marion burst out. "I have tried to get some of my boyfriends to play with my pee, but the closest I could get was Brad. He only leg me pee on his leg in the shower! And he watched me pee on the toilet a couple of times while he stroked himself. But, yeah! That's what I've been looking for!"

"I dated a guy named Mike for a while," said Leslee. "I gave him a golden shower a couple of times. He liked it, but he was into the whole humiliation/fetish thing. He wanted me to put a dog collar on him and lead him around by a leash. It was kind of funny, but not really a turn on."

"You peed on him?" breathed Marion. "Where? His body? His face? Was he naked?"

"He liked to kneel and bow down. So I peed on his back and in his hair. He wanted to be naked with just the collar on."

"That one guy I met drank my piss," said Kathy. "He was into all kinds of strange things. We met in a pub, and he wanted to drink my piss right there at the table, first time I met him! So he finished his beer, I took the glass into the ladies room, filled it up, snuck it back to the table and put it in front of him. I raised my glass in a toast, and then he drained his! Just tilted it and guzzled it, right in front of everybody! That was really, really exciting, but yeah, he was weird. He was into poop and diapers and all sorts of things. So it never really went anywhere past that."

"Oh my God, that's so amazing!" said Marion, wide-eyed. "You met him through that website?"

"Yep. Lots of really older guys on that website into that though, kinda creepy. They want you to dress up in schoolgirl uniforms and stuff. So that's the only guy I met in person that I really did anything with."

I sat there, trying to look calm while my pulse was racing a mile a minute. My rigid erection strained against my trousers as I tried to subtly conceal it, wondering how long it was going to be before I shot a load right there in my pants.

"This is definitely not a coincidence," said Leslee. "We are all into the same thing, right? We all want a guy to drink our piss. But a real man, not a slave or sub or something. How crazy is that? Is it genetic? But you all see where I'm going with this, don't you?"

"I'm pretty sure I do," said Kathy.

"It all links back to the pee game we played with Tom. We're all looking for what we got out of that game. I know we haven't even mentioned it in, like, forever, but it's obviously affected us in a real serious way."

"Yeah, wow," said Marion. "I wonder if we played the pee game because of who we are, or if we're who we are because we played the pee game?"

"What about you, Tom?" Leslee asked me. "You're awful quiet. Are you kinky like that? Does this stuff gross you out, turn you on, what? You know we're all sorry for how we treated you back then, but you always came back for more. Did we totally mess up your sex life too?"

What could I say? I was terrified. Could I mention that mistressblade.com was in my favourites? That I looked for images of girls pissing into guys' mouths wherever I could find them? That I had tried to broach the subject with girlfriends that I had, but couldn't even get past talking about watching them in the bathroom? That I was ashamed and mortified about my secret fetish, that I had tried therapy, denial, self-help books, anything to get past this obsession I had about drinking girls' urine? That I had wet dreams about my sisters, women I knew, celebrity females, or unknown girls holding me down and peeing into my mouth and forcing me to drink it, exactly like the pee game we had played so many years ago?

"Well, I, um, you know..." I stammered, "It's sort of something that I don't think about too much. I mean, I know it happened and stuff, but I don't let it affect me. I was a kid, and now I'm grown up, so it's all behind me now." I swallowed hard. My face was burning bright red in embarrassment, and I'm sure I was sweating.

Leslee tilted her head down and raised her eyes at me with a smirk, taking a sip of wine. Her gaze traveled to my crotch, where she couldn't help but see my raging hardon, that I was trying completely ineffectually to conceal.

She looked over to Marion, who also took a sip of wine with a smirk, focusing her gaze between my legs. I took and nervous gulp of wine and tried to think of something to say to break the tension. My hardon just pulsed and throbbed, straining against the cloth covering it, despite any efforts I made to control it.

Kathy just giggled again, drained the last of her wine, looking with a broad grin at her two older sisters, back at me, down to my crotch, then back at my blushing face.

"I have to pee," she stated.

I froze in panic. This was the key phrase that my sisters had used to signify that we were going to play the pee game. Whether I wanted to or not. Abject terror seized me, all the old fears instantly back at the forefront of my mind. I leapt up to flee, but it was hopeless. My moment of paralysis combined with Leslee's standing start spelled my defeat.

"NO!!!" I hollered, moments before Leslee tackled me. The girls were all screaming in laughter, caught up in the rush of the moment, reliving the chase, however short it might be, that we had enacted so many times before.

Leslee had me in an arm lock as I fell to the carpet, Marion seizing my legs and wrapping her own around me. I struggled, seemingly in slow motion, my limbs heavy, my head spinning. Leslee efficiently flipped me on to my back and snared my arms, rolling on to my chest. Fuck she was strong! And fast! I thought I would be more than a match for any of my sisters now, but I didn't really count in all the years of Aikijutsu...

I was pinned. Struggle as I might, Leslee had me. Marion had my legs. Kathy had her jeans and panties around her ankles and was hurriedly stepping out of them with a wicked grin. Her vulva was covered in curly red hair. Bottomless, she hopped quickly over towards me. I was trembling in terror. This was just like the terrible indignities of my past! I was supposed to be the man now! They were supposed to respect, maybe even fear me!!

"Hold him down!" Kathy laughed. "Oh, shit, I'm gonna piss down my legs here in a second! Oh, this is too much!!"

Leslee and Marion were howling in laughter too. Kathy swung a leg over me and squatted down over my face.

I closed my eyes and my mouth tight, and turned my head to the side. I knew this was a useless strategy. Predictably, I felt Kathy's fingers pinching my nose shut and forcing my head upright. "Open up, Tommy", Kathy crooned to me. "Hurry up, please, I have to pee really bad. I'm practically bursting here, open wide for me!"

I knew I didn't have a choice, so I straightened my head and opened my mouth. I opened my eyes too, and saw Kathy's crotch directly above me. She lowered her vulva right on to my mouth. I could taste her salt. Shivers were running through my whole body. It had been so long since I had seen her pussy, yet here it was again, like some memory from a dream or a nightmare, firmly planted on my open mouth.

Her stream of urine was like a dam bursting, gushing forth in a yellow flood. It filled my mouth quickly and I swallowed a huge gulp of her salty piss. She was letting her bladder go full force into my mouth. I had to struggle to keep up.

One thing I do have to credit my sisters for, is an amazing capacity to drink liquids quickly. After being forced into playing the pee game several times, I learned that the only way to keep my hair and clothes clean and dry was to drink down every drop of pee my sisters squirted into my mouth. This skill gave me legendary drinking status in college, which was a source of great pride for me. I applied this skill now with desperate conviction.

I swallowed, and swallowed again, and then suddenly everything was bliss. Time seemed to slow down and my head swam, the salty, acid taste of my youngest big sister's urine becoming a sweet, delicious, hot brew, nourishing my heart and my soul. My cock, already rigid as iron and throbbing, began twitching. I began ejaculating in ecstatic waves, pure joy and almost rapturous relief flooding my entire being. It was like I was missing something for my entire life, and it had been returned to me. I felt complete, justified, elated. It was as though, being held down and swallowing my sister's sour waste, I had suddenly found the missing part of myself I had lost.

"Oh my God!" gasped Marion. "Tom's coming in his pants!! There's a huge stain! He just came!!"

Kathy finished evacuating the last drops from her bladder as I licked her clean. "Ahhhhh, holy shit, that felt so good. Oh, this feels so good. Ohhhhhh."

She then stood up and sighed, her face flushed and smiling.

Leslee looked down at me, directly into my eyes. She wore a mischievous grin. "Hi, Tommy," she said to me. "I think you liked that a bit. Kathy really liked it, and I fucking loved it. If I let you go, will you do that for me? I have to go, too. Will you drink up all my pee pee?"

"...Yes," was all I could manage to utter.

Slowly, deliberately, almost reverently, Leslee rose and removed her black tights. She skinned out of her white panties, straddled my head, and for a second time a red haired pussy was lowered on to my mouth. She was sopping wet, and I opened as wide as I could, and enveloped her pudenda with my lips.

I trickle of her pee entered my mouth, and I swallowed it down. I gently encircled her muscular thighs with my arms, holding her down in place on my open mouth. Another squirt of urine hit my tongue and flowed to the back of my throat. Again I gulped it down. Then her stream began in earnest, a hot jet of golden salty piss, a taste experience beyond this realm, that I hungrily drank down, sucking it out of her pussy as she produced it. My erection never wavered, the whole time, pulsing and straining with virile, erotic fury.

"Oh Christ," breathed Leslee. "Oh, fuck, I'm gonna cum!"

I sucked harder on her vulva, drawing out her urine with as much force as I could. She hissed and shuddered, bucking lightly on my face, her every muscle as taut as a bowstring, her eyes shut tight and her lips trembling.

"Aaaahhhhh," she whispered, gently convulsing in ecstasy, grinding her pussy down on my mouth. I sucked down the last of the droplets of her urine, and continued gently kissing and licking her womanhood.

After about thirty seconds, she rose and sighed. Marion crawled up my body as I lay there. "I've missed this, Tommy. I never realized that I did, or my God, how much I did. I know we were mean to you when we were younger, and it wasn't right to force this on you. But I think I need this. And maybe you do too... If you want, I will do this any way you like. I don't ever want to force you again, unless you want that. I don't know how much of this game is play, or fantasy, or reality. But I think I just witnessed the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my whole life."

She looked up at Leslee, who was still flushed with the afterglow of her orgasm, and at Kathy, who had a bewildered, enthralled smile on her face. Then she looked down at me deeply into my eyes.

"Tommy, will you drink my pee pee?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied again.

She slowly rose, trance-like, unzipped her pants and lowered them to the ground along with her thong-panties. Her pubis was bare, shaved completely clean. She lowered her cunt gently, lovingly to my mouth. I accepted her willingly and eagerly.

She looked down with an adoring gaze, and I thought I saw a tear form in the corner of her eye. Then she closed her eyes and I felt her urine begin shooting into my mouth. It tasted so sweet, so wonderful; frothy and bubbly, burning hot and savoury, like I could taste the pureness of all the love in her soul venting through her urethra. I swallowed, and swallowed again, overcome with joy and utter contentment as I sucked the piss out of Marion.

She jerked suddenly and threw her head back. "Ah!" she cried out. "Ah! ...Ahhh! AhhhHHHHH!" as her voice rose to a squeal at the end. She came so sweetly, so beautifully on my face as she voided her bladder. Her face bowed down and I saw her eyes closed tightly, her lips parted, and there was indeed a stream of tears pouring from the corners of her eyes as she writhed in the throes of orgasm. The wonder of this sight combined with the smell, taste and feel or her urinating vagina set off another ejaculation in me, my penis swelling in ecstatic rhythm, spewing forth another load of semen into my already soaked and sticky pants.

She slowly regained her composure and rose, and stood next to her other bottomless sisters. The three of them gently helped me rise. I burped a couple of times, feeling drunk on wine, piss, and love. I felt not intimidated, or humiliated by my sisters, but like they had lifted me up to a new level of self-worth and confidence, and I felt nothing but gratitude and tenderness towards them.

"Well, that was the single, best experience of my life," said Leslee.

"Mine too," I said, honestly and evenly.

"Oh my God, what have we been missing?" breathed Marion, her tears abating as she beamed a wide smile.

"Well, I think we all learned something tonight," said Kathy. "I'm going to pour us all some more wine. Would you want to do that again, Tom?"

"Yes," I said directly. "You won't ever have to chase me down or wrestle me for this ever again. You're my sisters, and I know that you love me, and I love all of you. I didn't know what we started back then, but I know now what it means to all of us. If I'm around, I don't think any of you will ever have to pee in a toilet again."

...to be continued if there is enough interest.

