The Raining Prince
  Fantasy world; prince has pee fetish he indulges alone.
Author: IrishSpringandSummer (2018-10-26)

Teo walked out beneath the cover of the firs, hastening his steps to get further and further out of sight of the palace. His bladder throbbed with each step. He smiled. It was full to bursting, which was his whole aim of being out here today. As a prince, he rarely got to be alone. It took a good deal of scheduling and insistence. Everyone wanted him to have guards everywhere he went, even though he was twenty-two and quite well trained at fighting off attackers if need be. But here, at one of the royal family's countryside palaces, with acres of forested grounds guarded at the borders, his keepers deemed it safe for him to wander if he chose.

It was, thus, one of the few places he could indulge in one of his secret pleasures.

It was mid-autumn and the sky was dark with clouds. Heavy raindrops began pattering on the dry leaves of an oak. Glancing up in a clearing, he predicted a downpour soon. Imagine that, he thought with amusement. I'm here to wet the bushes, but I'll be getting wet myself.

It was that thought that made him pause to reconsider his plan today. Squeezing his cock inside his silk breeches to help hold back the flood that was pushing to escape, he pressed his thighs together and pondered his options. Ordinarily what he liked to do was mark his territory, in a sense: take out his cock and piss a small amount on one tree, then stop and go further, then release a little more on a bush, then stop, and a little more on another tree, and so on, until he was empty as well as fully aroused. Going slowly like that, stopping his flow over and over even when he was desperate to let it all gush out, was a large part of what made him so deliriously hard. He would then finish, of course, by stroking himself off to an explosive climax, and go home sated.

But today? If he were going to be soaked anyway, why not try something he had wanted to try for ages, but had never dared? Why not simply...wet himself, and let the rain cover the evidence?

Heat flared between his legs, and his bladder complained more forcefully, threatening to give out and flood him right here. He clamped his thighs together, then resolutely kept walking forward, seeking a more private setting, a little more distance from the palace.

He wanted to wet his breeches so badly. His cock was already bulging large at the thought of it. He had fantasized about it for a long time, but had never thought up a way to do it without being caught, since naturally his bevy of servants didn't let a prince do his own laundry. Thus he had always refrained. Was today his chance to try it at last?

Perhaps still not, since even a soaking in rain wouldn't explain one's crotch being drenched. However...there was the creek. He smiled, the idea lighting up his mind. Yes! A simple dunk, the excuse that he had slipped and fallen on his rump in the creek - that would suffice.

Well then. Dare he? He had to choose soon. His bladder required release so urgently that he could barely think straight; his whole mind was occupied with the need to piss - a need that felt erotically wonderful as well as frantically desperate. He couldn't wait much longer. He would have to decide where to piss, and quickly, or his body would make the choice for him. Which was also an exciting thought.

He found a large fir with a somewhat dry space under it and took shelter there as the rain began tapping harder upon the forest. He leaned against the trunk and looked around, his heart beating as fast as the raindrops. No one was near. Not a sound but the gentle rain - a sound that was fast eroding his ability to hold back his piss. He was writhing, his thighs twitching toward one another. It was either whip out his cock now, or...

He pressed his palms to his sides, not allowing himself to unbutton his breeches. His writhing turned into helpless trembling, then he froze, not even breathing, and - ahhhh...

Piss shot out of his cock and began spreading in a dark patch at the top of his blue breeches. He pressed his hand there, trying to stop it, yet reveling in the feel of it. "Ohhh," he moaned aloud, a long sound held several seconds. His cock was pointed upward, to accommodate his erection, and though he tried to hold back the strength of his flow, his stream was gushing out fast and hot and pouring down his shaft. It pooled under his balls in his underdrawers, then ran down his leg, marking a dark streak there too.

Teo enjoyed the helpless erotic sensation for some fifteen seconds, pushing his hand hard against himself, feeling his piss wet his palm and the lower half of his body. It even began dripping into one of his shoes. Then, clenching and squeezing his muscles, he wrestled his bladder into submission and succeeded in making the stream stop. He panted, parting his legs and looking down at the damage. Good lord, what a mess he already was. And he still needed to piss so badly. He had quite a bit more to release. He licked his lips in anticipation and gave his stiff cock a few slow rubs. Mmm. Oh yes, this was all going to feel especially good today.

He walked further, the rain beginning to wet his head and shoulders and shoes. He paused at a fallen log, climbed atop it, straddled it, and looked down at his crotch. Then... "Ahh..." He let go again, pissing a firm jet inside his drawers. It made an audible hiss in the wet hollow formed by his stretched-wide breeches. He felt it shoot against his lower belly, warm and welcome, savored it for a few seconds, then reluctantly squeezed himself to stop it again.

He climbed off the log and gave his bladder a push. Less desperate now, but still urgent, plenty still to release.

His final choice of location was beside the creek, where the sound of rushing water brought back some of his desperation and almost made him lose control again. Standing among a cluster of bushes, he set his feet far apart, cupped both hands between his legs, and completely let go.

No holding back anymore. He pissed as hard and as fully as his body was capable of. It poured out of him, filling both his hands instantly and spilling out between his fingers. Hot liquid spread down both his legs and pattered on the ground between his feet, loud enough to hear even over the creek's rush.

He was breathing hard and massaging his crotch as he pissed. His legs wanted to give out from the ecstasy of it, but he stayed upright, if trembling a little, as he continued letting himself water the whole of the ground around him. Every second of it brought him closer to orgasm, but that he managed to resist, if only barely.

Finally his stream slowed to a small trickle, then just a few drops. He unbuttoned his drenched breeches and peeled them down. His cock sprang out, hard and red and angled upward.

His hand closed around it and he gasped again, this time sinking to his knees in the moss, in a puddle of his piss. He stroked his shaft up and down, teasing himself to the very edge. His cock was dripping wet, not only piss but sticky fluid welling from the tip, ready to shoot out with his climax. He gathered the drops up in his fingertips and rubbed them around the head, groaning at the slippery feeling. His hand moved faster, faster, becoming a blur. Then shudders rocketed through him, his breath came in jolts, white splashes spurted out to land upon the leaves.

He sank to sit on his heels as his orgasm eased off him slowly, and finally he drooped to a fully satisfied stop. He let himself rest a moment, breathing the cool smells of the forest, listening to the soft raindrops and the creek. Then he dragged himself to his feet, hauled up his breeches, took a few steps over to the creek, and swiveled with a grin to splash his rear into the icy stream and let the water wash away all hint of what he had been doing.

When he strolled back to the palace through the steady rain, shivering a bit, his shoes squishing with water, half a dozen anxious servants were ready at the garden veranda to hasten him in. "Ridiculous of me," he told them with a broad smile as he accepted the towels they draped around him. "I slipped on a rock and wound up sitting smack in the creek. My apologies for the mud, Sandro. I'll find a way to make it up to you." This to his valet, two years younger than himself, who sighed and met his glance with exasperation before recovering his sense of propriety and murmuring, "Not a problem, m'lord. Shall I run you a bath?"

"Please." Teo winked at Sandro and strode off toward the staircase to his rooms. Behind him he heard the perplexed tone of the muttering servants, and smiled to himself: surely they were marveling that anyone could be in such a good mood after getting drenched in the rain and falling into the creek.

