Joanne's Accident #26
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1997'10)

Accident #26

Its been quite a while since there is anything to report in Joanne's life, at least about any accidents. Its been a pretty dry few months, she's been trying to keep it that way, and until last week, with the most success she ever had. She says she's been very attentive to always going to the bathroom before driving, after walking the dog, before work meetings, and the like. I tell her for me its taking away some of the wonderfully vicarious fun I have with her; she smiles, and tells me that for her it means not walking around in wet panties and pants (which she's never found conformable, in fact she hates the feel of) and not being embarrassed at wetting herself. But all good things can't last, and last week broke the drought.

In fact, it happened shortly after we had lunch, during which time we both drank tea. As I recall, and Joanne's confirms, we didn't actually drink all that much tea, but she had not been feeling well and ate very little, which she says always makes her have to pee more, and more quickly. We had met at the restaurant, and she drove off to pick up her son after school. (It was a very late lunch.) She was wearing a blue short sleeve shirt, lovely earrings, and blue pants, neither dark nor light, sort of medium. Tight.

She didn't go the toilet on the way out, which she sometimes does, but she (as is her wont) didn't think of it. She drove the 10 or less minutes to pick up her son, was on time, as was he. But by the time she pulled up to wait for him, she was feeling really desperate. It came on her all of a sudden. Waiting she wished that her son would walk quickly, or run to the car, since driving would feel better than just sitting waiting. She began to squirm in her seat a little, but felt she could make it home. There was nowhere to find a toilet where she was waiting.

Let me try to get her words as best I can remember them.

J: I was really anxious for my son to get in; God, I had to pee and this hasn't happened in quite a while. I kept thinking that my son was taking his time, but actually he was just walking regularly. He finally got in and I told him to hurry I had to go to the toilet really badly. I drove home hoping for no traffic.

A: Was there any?

J: Actually, not at all...it took less than 10 minutes, but I had to hold myself the last few blocks....I had to pee so badly I thought I'd really start wetting the seat.

A: Did you?

J: No, it wasn't that bad at all. Sorry, for you. But I did pee in my pants. I got home ok, maybe a dribble, but I don't count those, but getting from the garage to the toilet was another matter. I just couldn't hold it and as soon as I closed the car door I started, you know my usually spurts, trying to hold it, then another. I felt myself getting wet...I ran, but that always makes it work since I have less control. Anyway, by the time I got the to toilet I was wetting my panties and pants. I finally got there, legs crossed but still going, and pulled down my pants and panties and finished.

A: How wet were you?

J: Enough to have to put my pants and panties in the dirties and change.

A: But how much did you wet yourself....to your knees?

J: No, not like that, maybe three inches on my pants, but my panties were soaked.

A: What type of panties, you know me, I love panties and details.

[Joanne smiles broadly....]

J: I know, that's why I tell you all this. I honestly don't remember, I'm sure they were white given what I was wearing. I always try to match my bra and panties to what I wear. Like now, I have on a pink bra and panties, matching my shirt. I don't remember what type of white panties I had on. I have so many. Anyway, I changed and put the wet clothes in the hamper.

A: God, that turns me on, you wetting your pants after our lunch. Someday I'll see you that desperate. [Joanne smiled.] So, that was the only time in the last few months?

J: That was it. There was one really close call. The bathroom stalls in the building where I work have needed fixing for some weeks, and finally they were fixing them. I was on the phone and was totally desperate to pee, but the toilet is right near my office. I run in there, no problem, except that there is this guy fixing the stalls. I wouldn't mind going into a stall while he's there, but the doors are off them, and I wasn't about to pee in front of him. I said, "I need the toilet." I was clearly desperate, probably moving from foot to foot. He said something like why not use the ones down the hall, and I told him, "I need it NOW...I can't make it down the hall." I really thought I was about to start wetting my pants (I had on pants) in front of him, but he got the idea and left real fast. I peed, not even a dribble in my panties, and left. I saw him outside and he said, "That was really fast." I told him I really needed to go, and he said something like, "No kidding, I realized I shouldn't wait another second..." I smiled.

A: Well, I wonder what it would have been like if he had been like me, and took his time.? [I smiled, she smiled back.]

J: I probably would have both had wet pants and just as I began to wet my panties would have pulled down my pants in front of him...who knows.

We talked some more about other things, eventually coming back to a brief discussion of peeing and sex on the internet, and Joanne asking me if some women were into it. I told her some that I knew of, but more guys.

J: I know this is a fantastic turn on for you, but I hate the feeling of wet clothes. When I was little and wet my pants, sometimes it actually felt good because of the release and how desperate I would get. But after I'd wet my pants, I always hated the feeling of them turning cold. I still do, I hate being cold on cold days, and I hate the feeling of wet clothes on me. I guess that's why I have such a hard time really understanding what turns you and others on about wetting.

A: Some people like the wet clothes; and the release is worth it even if you don't. Also something about orgasmic releases, taboos, and the like.

J: I've never had many taboos. That's not part of it for me. I like breaking taboos. And I don't really get very embarrassed, as you know. God, the times I've obviously wet my pants I don't like, but I don't get embarrassed. You know I often tell people about what happened.

Time had run out, and we agreed to continue talking about it. Hopefully the drought is over. Over lunch we drank tea....I wonder what happened after we left?

