All Girl’s Together, Peeing
	(Pissing Party)
Author: Justin Carter

They were all good friends. Emma and Sam had known each other at college before coming away to uni. Lisa and Bev had both shared several modules in the first year.

Now at the end of the second year, they all felt they knew each other as much as was at all possible.

So despite all the large parties, this was the core group, all joined for a final end of year get together. Lisa and Sam had moved over to their next student house early, staying there for the summer, and insisted the other two join them for an extra day, “Even if you are boring and going back into halls.”

“By the way,” Lisa told the group. “I’ve locked the bathroom door.”

“What?” Emma and Bev had both exclaimed. Sam merely smiled.

“I’ve locked the bathroom door,” repeated Lisa. “We’ve been talking, we’ve had music, dancing and drinking.”

“Definitely drinking,” commented Sam.

“Now, let the games begin.”

“What games?”

“Well, for starters, who can hold their piss the longest.”

More consternation.

“The bathroom locking is the incentive.”

“We could use your bedroom,” suggested Emma.

“I don’t mind using a bowl from the kitchen,” Bev continued. “Or a plant. You’ve got a few.”

“You’d probably kill them.”

“All are forbidden. To encourage the game, the forfeit is to have to go out in the garden.”

“That’s not so bad.”

“In the middle of the lawn. So, another drink everyone?”

Sam took that as a prompt to top up all four glasses from the large punch bowl they had found in the cupboard and filled most creatively with all alcohol, juice and mixers to hand.

“So, eighties round. Drink down your glass and find the strength to dance to this. Bonus prestige to suitable corniness.”

You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) by Dead or Alive came on the sound system, prompting stares of disbelief, raised eyebrows and a quick downing of drink.

By an hour later, movement was getting more jittery.

“I’m desperate,” complained Emma to Bev.

“So am I. I would’ve gone before if I’d known that was coming up.”

“I bet she told you though Sam.” Sam wasn’t any better than the rest.

“I knew the idea, but not when.”

“It explains why you were going off every chance.”

“I might have been going, but I couldn’t go. I’d be sat there unable to pee.”

“Well I need to go now.”

“You know the score Emma.”

“I’m not going out there, in the middle of the garden.”

“I’ll turn out the lounge lights, so it won’t be so bright.”

“I'll still hold longer,” she determined.

“What happens if she does?” Bev asked. “Does the bathroom get unlocked?”

“I haven’t decided yet,” smiled Lisa. “Sam, get more drinks.”

“If I drink anymore, I’ll be pissing right here,” Bev complained as Sam made her way slowly to the bowl in the kitchen with the first two glasses.

Lisa smiled. “It would be entertaining. But just to help everyone, I thought we could take a break from the usual music.”

The other three looked at her, suspecting a catch. “I found this relaxation CD. The Mighty Rainforest.”

“You really are a sadist.” Sam handed Emma and Bev their glasses back now once more full, her eyes apologising. “I didn’t know this.”

“It’s got plenty of rain as you would guess, but if we make it that far in, at nineteen minutes, there’s a waterfall.”

The sound of rain on leaves dominated the next ten minutes. Some talking from the girls, plenty of murmured whines and groans.

“I can’t believe how well everyone is doing,” commented a still cheerful Lisa, then downing the last of her glass. “I think we’re ready for more punch, Sam.”

Sam squirmed in her seat, legs tight together. “I don’t think I can get over there.”

“You’re going to have to get somewhere if it’s that bad. Pissing in the chair isn’t an option. Oh wait, there isn’t any option anyway. The only place allowed is in the garden.”

“In the centre,” groaned Bev.

“Tell you what I’ll bring a jug over.”

“Are you sure there’s no second bathroom?” Emma asked Sam as soon as Lisa was out the room.

“No such luck. I’d be in there this instant if there was.”

Lisa came back in with a jug, proceeding to pour it, slowly and noisily, into each of the girls’ glasses.

“It’s no good,” Emma virtually screamed as Lisa filled her own at a slow trickle. “I’ve got to go”

“Really?” Bev asked, relieved for someone to give in when she was at the point of giving in herself.

Emma was almost in tears. “I can’t hold it another minute. Or if I do, I won’t make it out there.”

She paused at the patio doors, held open by Sam, herself holding onto them for support. “You will turn out the lights?”

“Of course,” Lisa agreed with a most untrustworthy smile as Emma waddled out, Sam sliding it closed it after her.

“Will you?” Bev asked.

“Of course. The light would reflect on the glass and we’d see less.”

Even aside from the order that it had to be in the middle of the lawn, there really were no hidden corners. There was no point disobeying her host, so Emma did as told walking to the centre, aware of the three pairs of eyes on her.

The moon was out, and light streamed through the patio doors from the lounge, illuminating her way a bit too well.

She stopped, wondering if Lisa really would turn off the lounge lights. And how long she could wait for her to do so. Wetting herself clothed would be far worse than the shame of dropping her knickers in a crouch.

Sure enough, the lights went out as she was about to drop, leaving just the moonlight, surely enough privacy to her actions.

Keeping her ankles apart to save splashing her bare feet, she squatted, lowering her trousers and knickers at the same time, trying to forget the faces the other side of the glass. There was some light still from the kitchen so she could see them there, but the moon was dim enough that they wouldn’t see much of her.

That was enough persuasion given her desperation. The urine started to flow, giving instant relief to Emma.

Until the garden lights came on, flooding the area with enough light for it to almost feel daytime.

Stop. Stop! She couldn’t will her bladder to stop its evacuation, the pressure was still too great. She could make out her friends all laughing at her, surely able to see everything.

She wanted to pull her clothes up straight away, but they would get soaked. Using her strongest willpower she managed to halt the flow, but it would only be temporary. There was no going back, pretending she had finished. Enough time just to turn, keeping crouched enough to not display her hairy pussy in its wet glory to them, while only just managing not to get caught up in the trousers between her knees and fall over.

“No way,” Bev laughed. “You’ve got floodlighting out there?”

“You devious bitch,” Sam accused, still laughing but hoping Emma would see the fun side.

“You better believe it. Hey look at her face, she’s so shocked I’m almost sorry for her."

“Only almost."

“It’s not like we can actually see anything, her trousers are in the way at this angle.”

“No wait, she’s turning round.”

“No way!” Bev almost felt like wetting herself now, watching. Some was seeing her friend get relief despite the embarrassment. But it was also the laughter and squealing. “Nice arse Emma.”

Emma appeared not to hear them through the glass, since she was back in a tight crouch, releasing the rest of her bladder contents.

“Shit, doesn’t she realise now we can actually see her peeing?”

“No Sam, I don’t think she does,” Bev replied.

Lisa was silent, feeling a damp patch between her legs that had nothing to do with any need to piss. This had started as a prank, something they would all never forget. It wasn’t anything deeper, certainly not through any want to see her friends semi-naked or pissing.

But now, she was finding herself turned on by the sight of Emma in her garden, bare arsed in the light. And stream of piss shooting to the ground. It was even sparkling, while she could make out the puddle between her feet.

The garden floodlighting was illuminating them slightly, but all eyes were outwards on Emma. Behind Sam and Bev, at the back of the room, she allowed a hand to drop inside her pink jeans, briefly inside her knickers to touch her slit. It was definitely wet with her juices. Unable to resist brushing her clit on the way back out, she let out a gasp.

Sam and Bev looked back at her, but by now her hand was clear. They wouldn’t be able to see any dampness on her middle finger, or even know why she had gasped. No, she was enjoying the sight of Emma far more than she expected, and for completely different reasons.

She watched as the gush became a trickle then stopped. Emma seemed to pause before standing, bringing her trousers up with her.

“It was only a joke,” protested Lisa, not looking at all repentant, stretching her arms out in defence as her friend advanced. She looked pissed off, no pun intended, but more embarrassed than angry.

“You were all laughing at me.”

“Sorry Emma,” said Sam.

“Yes sorry Emma. Look I’ve got a towel here for your feet.” She had seen them get engulfed in the puddle, though Emma had tried to subtly wipe them on the mat as she came back in. “Look, I'll1 even wipe your feet for you.”

“What about her snatch?”

“What about my pride?”

Emma did however let her wipe her feet, sitting on the settee with an ease none of the others would have managed. Even she was struggling to bend, although she was still distracted by the thought of her friend pissing in front of her eyes.

“So, can you unlock the bathroom now?” Bev asked.

“Nope. Second prize will be...” she paused for effect. “Your suggestion earlier. “A bowl from the kitchen.”

“You really are a bitch, you had all this planned.”

“Only the idea. You gave me the prize.”

“It’s okay Bev.” Sam was already headed for the kitchen. “I’m taking the bowl. You can have the third prize.”

Emma followed the other three, Lisa having left her feet the moment Sam and Bev raced from the room, only pausing to grab a fresh drink. She had downed hers immediately on her return. While she had little desire as such to see this, having been the butt of a collective joke, she felt she’d earned the right to enjoy.

Sam already had reached out a white bowl from one of the cupboards, setting it on the floor. Given how much had come out her, she wasn’t convinced it would be big enough.

In the bright lights of the kitchen, with her spectators much closer, Sam didn’t appear to be at all hesitant, placing the bowl on the floor. The reason became clear as she reached under her skirt, pulling her knickers off completely in front of them, leaving her able to position herself on top of the bowl but with her modesty covered completely by the skirt.

Still the three of them nudged each other in disbelief as they heard the hiss of urine start. The look of relief on Sam’s face was exactly what Emma had felt, although without any of the concern, at least until she had turned so they couldn’t see her. She was blanking them all out as she filled the bowl from her bladder.

Looking at the two to the side of her, Lisa was transfixed and Bev also wide-eyed. But then, both were probably envious, still needing to go themselves.

Lisa felt disappointed she couldn’t see anything, but between the sound and Sam’s expression it was still hot.

Definitely the pissing then that was getting her so riled, not the girls. She hadn’t thought it could be a lesbian thing as such, somehow pissing seemed a more natural reason. Fuck, she’d always had a boyfriend as long as she could remember so she couldn’t be queer.

Sam’s eyes blinked open with no warning; from the splashing noises below her skirt she wasn’t finished yet. “Shit, that’s so much better.”

Now, as they died down, she found herself eager to see the piss in the bowl when Sam stood up. She was aware of the girl straightening her skirt and picking up her knickers, but she was fixed on the white bowl and the bright, almost fluorescent, yellow piss inside. Like the others must be able to, she could smell its sweetness, but she felt the need to get closer. It would be warm, maybe hot, very liquid like water. Oh she even wanted to stick her hands in.

Thankfully Bev dashed forward before the alcohol persuaded her she could do this.

“I need to go too.”

In front of all of them, Sam now turned back and open-mouthed, Bev removed her own knickers, then lifted her skirt around her waist. Unlike Sam’s, it was too tight to spread out over her legs and the bowl, so she was briefly stood revealed in front of them before crouching much as Emma had initially in the garden, though now over the bowl. The difference was that they were all much closer and with no clothes in the way, so could see way more.

“Bev, no!” Sam warned.

“I can’t wait. I don’t care.”

“No, the bowl’s too full. Trust me.”

Before Lisa moved, she could see the triangle of pubic hair on her friend’s crotch, but little more due to her tight legs. After shifting, she had a view of the stream of piss leaving her pussy and thrusting its way into the bowl with such force that there were bubbles in the liquid and splashes up.

How she wanted to touch herself! Not just a brief touch this time, a proper two-handed, several fingers up inside and another rubbing her clit, touch. Too much to take. All she could do was watch, though she did reach down onto her crotch from the outside, causing the other two to giggle.

“Yep, she’s desperate to go also,” Emma said, looking straight at her, holding up her empty glass to gesture.

“Good, I’ve got just the perfect prize next,” Sam replied.

In that case, let them laugh, it gave her a reason to push on herself, albeit over her jeans. This was so erotic, watching them all piss. Although that would be even more fantastic, all synchronised pissing together in the garden, all naked, at least on their bottom halves.

“Shit, it’s really not going to take it all.”

She had been watching the piss, the intoxicating smell even stronger now, but been too distracted to realise until Emma’s comment. Even then, it was the rarity of swearing that drew her attention.

“Er, Bev...?” Sam tried once more.

Lisa found herself just watching, unable to say anything as the bowl was filled to the brim and then over. The yellow liquid, a mix of Bev’s piss and Sam’s, was overflowing onto the tile floor.

“Oh Bev,” sighed Sam grabbing a cloth as the semi-naked girl stood, belatedly lowering her skirt.

“I still don’t care. I needed it too much. Besides, no doubt Lisa would have thought up something just as public.”

Lisa smiled, watching Sam on her hands and knees next to the puddle of piss, getting it on her hands as she tried to clean it up. “Probably.”

“Use the towel you’ve got. This cloth’s soaked already.”

That spun her into action, getting down there too, using the towel to mop up the golden liquid. The sweet-smelling warm piss around the bowl.

“So, that’s three of us been,” Emma said. “What’s the fourth prize for the next one, Sam?”

“Well, I figure, since she had an unfair advantage in all this, and insisted on there being multiple prizes, Lisa should get the ultimate prize.”

Lisa looked up from the floor where she seemed to be cleaning up to perfection. “No, I won. You can’t have four prizes, else it’s just straight forfeits.”

“Well in that case,” Bev joined in, back from the other room with her glass of punch, “what has she won?”

“She’s won the right to pee in the garden.”

“We’ve had that,” both Emma and Bev chided.

“No, wait. Pee in the garden, with the lights all on, us around her, not just at a distance.”

Lisa put on a brave face. “Okay, if you want.”

It wasn’t enough. “She should be fully clothed too. Wet herself like I almost did.”

“No, that’s way more. And messy.”

“You’ve got all your clothes here. You can change after.”

“No, she should wear a nightshirt.”

“I always wondered if you were bi, Sam.”

“Hey, we’ve seen each other enough over the last year in that.”

“Not without knickers. She only has skimpy nighties.”

“Okay. All agreed?”

Lisa appeared to be game, not protesting, even raising a toast to “Great games”.

“You must need to go by now,” Bev asked Lisa incredulously.

“Pretty desperate, but I’m not giving in as easy as you lot.”

“She must have an iron bladder.”

“She's certainly managing not to pee somehow.”

Lisa had come around to the idea of peeing in front of the others, even being clothed. The trouble was, she didn’t need to go. Admittedly it was getting hard forever pretending to be desperate, but now she wanted to go.

Even after recharging their glasses again, she had no urge. Emma was looking edgy again however, laughing with the rest of them as they predicted each other’s love lives the coming year, but legs crossed tightly.

“It’s no good,” she declared a short while later. “I need to go again.”

“Oh Emma,” Sam said. “You numpty. You were the one who extended the next forfeit.”

“I know, I said about the clothed bit. I don’t care now. You two have been also, even if you got off light.”

“But it was meant for Lisa.”

Given how panicky she had been earlier, Emma seemed happy, or at least resigned, to her fate now. Probably helped by the cumulative effect of all the punch, which was stronger since it had been topped up. They were all the worse for wear now, but Emma was the furthest gone, even staggering slightly as she headed for the patio doors.

“You okay with this?” Bev asked, trailing behind.

“Why not? I’m not going to be the one who backed out.”

Lisa was feeling her juices flowing again, if they had ever stopped. This game had been a brainwave. And a discovery.

And it felt special to revisit Emma, the first to piss that night. This time closer and in her clothes. Aware she was in the lead following, she slowed, allowing a little distance to form. She felt excited to the extent of having to frown to hide the smile on her face. Still, it might make them believe she was still fighting off going herself.

Emma stopped abruptly in the open space, a look of concentration on her face.

“Pull your top up, then it won’t get wet,” Bev helpfully called out. “Then you can wear it after.”

Emma did so, revealing a band of flesh around her stomach. Above the trousers that were soon to be wet.

“I can’t go with you all looking,” she complained.

“Well we’re not looking away,” Lisa replied. “You and Sam concocted this one for me, so tough, you can enjoy it.”

And with her harsh words, Emma did relax, sighing as her crotch got moist, the dull black material glistening in the bright lights, before moments later, they could all see the piss falling between her legs through the clothing.

“Shit!” Lisa heard herself exclaim, hoping it was too quiet for the others to notice. This time they too seemed transfixed by Emma pissing herself.

It was so horny, she could have stepped forward to touch Emma, or pulled down her own jeans and fucked herself with her fingers in front of her friends. Hell, she was so turned on, she would have let one of them fuck her with their fingers. If only Greg was there now to fuck her properly while she watched.

As the stream died away, far too quickly, but then Emma had already been once, she found herself tensing her bladder muscles trying to piss herself also. Not just to get herself off the hook and save them realising her rigging of the game, but because she wanted to feel what it was like. In front of them just added to the pleasure she would have felt. If she could have.

But still nothing beyond the briefest drop, which may have only been part of her imagination although she was sure she could feel it being absorbed by her knickers. Looking down at the crotch of her jeans showed no dark patch in the pink to prove she had.

“Come on Emma.” Sam offered an arm around her shoulders to escort her back indoors.

“She can’t go in like that,” Lisa protested, though immediately questioning her own motives. “She’ll drip piss into the carpet.”

“Lisa, are you sure it isn’t you who’s lesbian?”

“Ask Greg that.”

“He’d love it if you were.”

“I’ve got my top.” Emma let it drop back around her waist to hide herself as she undid the wet trousers, pulling them and her knickers down together as she had done the first time in the garden.

So naked pussy, still covered in piss just ahead of her. Lisa could make out her friend’s buttocks through the top, seeing them in the flesh as a gust of wind came. Maybe there was a slight lesbian tendency inside her? Maybe she would have to look into it before she finished uni life. As Bev had pointed out, he would be fine with it, so long as he could watch or be part.

“You’re welcome to a pair of my panties,” she offered after Emma stepped up onto the patio, revealing herself again.

“I still don’t understand how you’ve lasted,” she heard Bev query once more as they went upstairs to her bedroom. She was busy trying to see Emma’s pussy past Sam who was in the way.

“Natural talent,” she laughed.

Sam snorted but said no more.

Nothing was said at all, until Emma had chosen a pair from Lisa’s drawer and put them on. Another fine view of her arse.

Now Emma was covered, and all were in the vicinity, it was time for Sam to find out for certain. “Bathroom key,” she demanded.

Lisa looked panicked, a sure sign of guilt. “Don’t you want a final chance for revenge?”

“Like there’s any point?”

“I’ll unlock it. But I need to use it more than you, surely.”

“Or not. Key!”

Lisa meekly handed it over, with the other two watching bewildered by the change in tone. All three followed Sam into the bathroom.

And saw the yellow water in the toilet as she lifted the lid.

“That’s how you managed to ‘last’?”

“I must have forgotten to flush it before I locked the bathroom earlier.”

“Or you’ve been sneaking in here to go, not flushing obviously, since that would be heard.”

What could be said? “I’m sorry. What do you want to be my forfeit?”

“Prize Lisa, not forfeit. You’re prize for cheating is... Bev, Emma, go down to the kitchen and get the bowl full of pee.”

Sam looked at Lisa while they waited, Lisa not wanting to look back in the meantime. It was a different sort of shame to the others had felt, or not, through the game. She felt cheated as the others must, but at the same time, there was some thrill present in the air.

Bev and Emma had also got the implication, obviously, since they came back in with not only the bowl, now decanted into a larger one, but both the towel and the cloth that had been used to wipe up the floor after it had overflowed.

“So the ‘prize’ is to have the bowl of pee poured over you. The question is whether you are dressed or naked.”

“Dressed,” Emma said immediately, beating Bev, who said, “Naked.”

“I think she should be dressed,” argued Emma, “as I was in the garden.”

“I was so desperate I ended up naked when I went,” Bev retorted.”

“So that’s one vote each,” Lisa said. “So, Sam, what’s it to be? How do you want me?”

“I don’t know.” Both were potentially humiliating, and maybe that was why she was feeling so excited by this. She hadn’t so much with the other two, and had pretty much avoided it herself, but now she was in charge.

Naked or clothed. Shamed by being forced to strip in front of them, or by having the clothes she was wearing soaked in urine, not even her own?

“Best of both,” Sam declared. “You can strip your top half, but keep your lower half on. Until after.”

The moment Lisa’s breasts were exposed, Bev threw the wet towel over her.

At least they had let her keep her jeans on. Else they might see how turned on she already was. Her pussy was wetter than if she had pissed herself. And it was a thrill to strip off her blouse in front of them, though a little strange after, watching them all watching her so closely as she reached behind to undo her bra.

It was still in her hand as the wet towel landed over her head. Wet, though not soaking, with the piss of two of her friends, three if you included the small amount she had wiped initially from Emma’s feet.

This close, the smell was pungent, but pleasant also, as she breathed it in. She cast the bra clear, having to guess the location of her blouse, before finally lifting the towel clear, throwing it into the bath behind her. No sooner had she done so, than Sam threw the wet cloth at her, landing with a sodden thud on her chest, even sticking briefly before falling down onto her feet. Unlike the towel, this was soaking wet and almost felt a little gross sat heavily in its new position. Liquid was still trickling down her stomach and breasts from where it had landed above.

“I think you’d better get in the bath for the last part,” warned Sam.

She did so without protest, self conscious more of any potential dampness showing through her jeans as she stepped in than the jiggling of her ample breasts, naked and wet.

“Do you worst,” she invited, not quite knowing what was to come. Obviously the bowl of piss somehow. But how?

“Emma?” invited Sam.

Emma stepped forward with the bowl and a smile on her face. She was after retribution, but didn’t seem annoyed.

Emma presented the container for her inspection. If only she knew. The liquid was beautifully golden against the white china. Sam’s and Bev’s piss, blended together, especially for her.

She felt herself shiver in anticipation as Emma reached up with the bowl, holding it over her head, waiting, enjoying the moment.

“Go on Emma,” Sam encouraged, but she could tell from the look in Emma’s eyes she needed no prompting.

Suddenly it flowed over her hair, some filtering through it through to her scalp, some bouncing off. She shut her eyes at the last moment, but got to see the first splashes land on Emma.

The piss, now cold, ran down her face, onto her bare chest, over her breasts and stomach and down onto her jeans. Into her jeans. Soaking in from the top.

Again, she wanted to open them up, not to stop the soaking, but to help it, so that it got trapped around her crotch more, soaking into her knickers and over her pussy.

The cascade stopped and she felt fingers fumbling with the button on her jeans. Although the golden liquid was still in her face, she chanced to look.

“Emma?” Bev asked.

“Let her do it,” Sam instructed, seemingly to Lisa more than Bev, not that she was going to do anything to stop her.

Emma was undoing her jeans, her smile even wider now. The bowl in her other hand still contained some liquid, though not much to the amount that had covered her so far.

With the zip now undone, the drunken Emma pulled out the elastic at the top of her knickers to surely give her a good view of Lisa’s pussy. And tipped the last of the piss directly down inside, over her slit.

When Emma looked back up into her face, it was only thanks to the height difference from the bath that she didn’t hold her head and kiss her. As she let go, releasing her knickers to snap back into place, a finger brushed her pussy.

Intentional? It would explain the look.

But for the moment she had to savour the last of the cold piss around her feet before it all ran down the plughole. Not that her jeans weren’t coloured dark pink down the inside of her legs from all the piss too.

“So you’ve learnt your lesson not to cheat?” Sam asked.

“Oh yes. Though I am thinking we should have another of these parties next term.”

No one agreed, but looking around, Emma, Sam and Bev were all giving little nods.
