Beverly's Adventure

By: Anon (1999-02-18) E#000

Beverly was still at work, it was already ten past five and she was to meet Mike her new boss at the convention center for six. To make matters worse her bladder was sending warning signals. She finally finished what she was doing and got up to leave. She was dressed in a nice pink business outfit that emphasized her long legs, her skirt was about two inches above her knees, and She was wearing white pantyhose with a control top that made every curve look like a million bucks. 

As she got up, the pressure on her bladder made her wince and got her to cross those beautiful legs. She definitely had to go before she left for her rendez-vous. Beverly was on her way to the washroom when Dan. who wanted to know the directions to the convention center stopped her. Now Beverly started to panic, she knew that Dan. was more then interested in her and she kind of liked the idea. She usually thought about him when she was choosing her clothes in the morning. Unfortunately she didn't think he would like her as much if he knew her secret. 

She felt so ashamed of herself that she usually acted cold when approached by men that seemed interested by her which in most cases was enough too discourage them. Because of her knockout looks most guys where pretty nervous approaching her in the first place and when the conversation went nowhere they usually backtracked and left her alone. Beverly knew that it would be almost impossible not to tell Dan how to get there, she had written the memo giving the coordinates to the place. She also knew that she was minutes from wetting herself, the last thing she would want to do in front of a guy.

Although she was twenty-six Beverly definitely had a problem holding her pee. She would dribble in her panties almost every day and rarely past a week without wetting her bed at least once. Although the situation made her very self-conscious and deterred her from having relationships with guys, she also liked the sensation of holding it in which usually ended up with very wet clothing. She kept this part very secret and was ashamed of her conduct. This behavior was enforced when she was younger and was making out with a college flame. She had peed all over him without ever realizing it. Unfortunately for Beverly the guy was not a fan of watersports at all and it completely turned him off and made her feel very bad. From that point on she didn't take anymore chances and decided not to go out with boys feeling too embarrassed to go through with it.

Knowing that there was no way to get out of it and to self-concious to tell him of her predicament, she resolutely tried to give him the best way to get there as fast as possible. Unfortunately it wasn't an easy direction to give and by trying to go fast made it more complicated then it really was. Dan didn't seem to understand what she just had told him and has she tried too be more precise she felt an uncontrollable urge make its way. She groaned, crossed her legs hand put her hand in front of her crotch unconsciously. There was no way to delay another second. All embarrassment set aside she looked at him and said "I'm about to pee in my pants oooooohh I don't know if I can make it"

As she started to go toward the facilities she felt the first drops of urine seep there way towards the crotch of her panties. The more she tried to prevent disaster the less she succeeded. She felt a warm wetness all around her layers of clothing trickle its way out of her silk panties. Pee was making its way down the leggings of her pantyhose. Knowing full well that she didn't have time to change, her reflex was to yank up her skirt to prevent it from getting it wet. Luckily for her the office was empty except for Dan who stood there with a gaping mouth and a rising erection.

In all the times that he dreamed of getting to know Beverly he had fantasized of her having an accident numerous times. Apart from the fact that Beverly was a gorgeous woman and had attracted his attention, he also noticed that she would leave her desk on numerous occasions in a day to go to the bathroom. His office was near them and he was quiet content of this situation because he secretly fantasized about girls having to pee so bad that they are practically doing it there clothes. He had noticed a long time ago that Beverly was one of the girls that never missed a chance to go. She would start the day by going to the powder room, refresh herself during break, go before lunch and always after and so on. His interest on the subject made him very attentive to the habits of the women working on this floor.

He couldn't believe his eyes when and his ear when Beverly announced that she was practically wetting in front of him. His surprise was complete and totally aroused him. He could feel his penis coming alive and standing to the occasion. Here he was standing there with the girl of his daydream wobbling cross-legged toward the bathroom trying to yank her skirt up and obviously having a hard time of it.

Beverly was about four feet from the bathroom door when she realized that if she didn't get control back soon, she would thoroughly wet herself. She didn't know how bad she had peed so far but she wrongfully assumed that apart from a damp patch in her panties, she still had a chance to salvage the situation. Had she not stopped to explain for the directions to the convention center she would of probably made it with maybe a dribble or two, but she really had overextended herself and there was no more delay possible. The floodgates opened. Pee came out with a vengeance. She just stood there paralyzed holding her skirt and blushing uncontrollably.

Pee was filling her shoes and the force of the stream was enough to make a hissing sound and to go right trough her clothing making a formidable puddle on the floor. Here she was at twenty-six totally making a fool of herself in front of the one person she cared to impress. Although she was feeling her customary sensation of arousal, she couldn't help herself and tears came out of eyes. Her shame was total and she was totally embarrassed by the situation, not knowing what to do next she made for the door and quickly went inside of a cubicle. She sat on the toilet not bothering to remove anything, what was the use anyway she was totally drenched. Realizing that she had to meet her boss in less than an hour made her come out of her self-pity and looked at way she could salvage the situation.

First thing first she had to stop crying, big puffy red eyes with eye liner smearing her face was not the way to impress someone that you have to work for. Second she started to remove her pantyhose and silk panties knowing full well that it was out of the question to wear them tonight. She regretted that she was not wearing a slip underneath her skirt she was a little worried about the transparentness of her skirt. Well there was nothing she could do about it so might as well not worry about it. She carefully inspected her skirt and was relieved to see that apart from a little spot where her hand had pushed the material trough her legs, everything else was quiet dry. She was confident that it would dry before she got to the convention hall.

Thinking of the convention hall made her realize that Dan. was probably outside the door or worst had already gone and was telling everyone what happened. Just the thought of what that would do made her feel faint. She was about to start crying again when she regained her composure and decided to confront Dan and go on from there. She left her panties and hose in the garbage and did her best to dry her shoes and walked out of the bathroom with her head held high blushing furiously. To her relief he was still there, maybe there was an outside chance she could convince him to keep quiet about it. Not knowing how to go about it she walked toward him, before she could even utter a word, Dan began speaking and what he said totally took her by surprise. Dan. was staring at her and at the lake she had made on floor.

Before she could put out a word he stammered: "Gosh Beverly I don't know how to tell you this but this was the most exciting thing that has ever happened to me. I know you must thing that I'm a pervert and maybe I am but this was the sexiest thing I've seen in a long time. I'm sorry and I'll understand if you don't want to ever talk to me again." It's at this moment that Beverly saw the bulge in Dan's pants. She was kind of confused, how can someone other than herself even consider what she did sexy? She had long decided that she was some kind of freak and had never considered that someone else could like the same thing as she. But it was obvious that Dan. was aroused and the circumstances made it quiet obvious that her accident seemed to be the object of his longing.

She looked at him and said. "You mean you're not disgusted by what I've done?" Nooooo he replied this is totally awesome. Look at me do I look disgusted? Oh I'm so glad that you think that way I was sure that you would be telling everybody about my accident and I didn't know if I could live with that. You don't have to worry Beverly, I've lived with the fact that I'm attracted to this for a long time and I never was able to tell anybody about it. I'm even surprised I'm telling you this right now. You're mishaps triggered something and I had to tell you. Oh Dan.! You don't know how relieved that makes me feel. I thought I was the only person who felt that way in the whole world. At that moment Beverly realized that she really had to get going and mentioned it do Dan. Lets go together she said I know where it is I'll drop you back here at the end of the evening it's on my way anyhow.

Going to the convention center she felt a relief that she hadn't felt in a long time. The fact that someone actually liked seeing her struggle to make it to the toilets and was aroused by her mishap really got to her. She could feel herself being stimulated by it and also realized that even though she had totally emptied herself less than 45 minutes ago she could feel herself having to go soon again. Now instead of trying to dissimulate it she went right out and said, " I have to pee again."

She watched attentively Dan's reaction and was pleased to see him trying to re-arrange his clothing to make room for his growing excitement. "How bad do you have to go?" Well, its not that bad right now but I've got to tell you that I'm not very good at holding. I know Dan. replied. I must admit that I've been watching you for a while and I'd noticed you're frequent use of the facilities and in all honesty I must confess that it was one the things that attracted me to you. She blushed, not realizing that some people where actually aware of her frequent trips to the toilet. As they got closer he couldn't help noticing Beverly starting to fidget every time she stopped at a signal and or when she had to break in the heavy circulation. Little beads of sweat appeared on top of her lips even though the air conditioning was on.

Beverly was starting to be anxious about making it in time. It seemed that whenever she had a big accident, her ability to hold would get even worse after. Realizing the dilemma she was in Dan. offered a suggestion. Beverly you seem to want to go pretty bad! I suggest that you park as far away as you can and maybe you can just do it beside the car when you get out. Even though I would give anything to see you do it I realize that except for what happened earlier on, where not that intimate and I'll stand guard and watch out so that you can have some intimacy.

She looked at him with dismay and relief. Here was a guy she had her eyes on for a while that she didn't approach because of her condition, that was willing not only to cooperate but to be gentleman enough to let there relationship develop before insisting on a certain intimacy. She agreed readily knowing full well that there really wasn't a choice anyway. She was pretty sure she couldn't make it without sprinkling the floor another time anyway. They finally arrived at the parking area and as discussed Beverly found a secluded area and to her relief was able to park without any dribbles.

Oh Dan. I don't know if I can get out without peeing. I'm worried that as soon as I try to get up I'll start going and since I don't have any underwear on, I'm afraid of the results. Why don't you try hoisting you're skirt up right away, that way if you don't make it, you'll at least save the dress. She did as she was told and hoisted her skirt while she kept her legs tightly together putting all modesty aside. Dan had promised to look the other way, but that was before they got there and he hadn't planned on Beverly raising her skirt in the car. He couldn't help noticing the beautifully trimmed bush and the moist lips beside him. It took all his will not to cum right then and there. His dreams weren't as eventful as what he had witnessed today. He was in a perpetual aroused state since he had seen Beverly wet her panties at the office and there she was ready to open the door and let go of another gusher!

He finally snapped out of it and opens the door encouraging Beverly to do the same. Go on Bev you can do it. She took all the courage that she had and opened the door. Taking a quick glance to see if anybody was in the area. Not seeing anybody she went for it. She unclasped her legs and pushed herself out of the car. Ohhhhhhh! I'm peeing and I can't stop. Fortunately except for a little trail that started the moment she opened her legs to get out nothing else was on the line of fire. She did manage however to get one of her legs quiet wet before her stream finally came down directly on the pavement.

That last action was too much for her bystander without even touching himself he felt his organ on the verge of cumming his only recourse too relieve the pressure by taking it out of its oppressed area and in less than three jerks blew is wad in the driving lot. After recovering, he went around and addressed Beverly. He came close to her and helped her get up and has he did that, he told her that he needed to kiss her then and there.
