FIREWORKS BY THE CANAL

Author: William Abbott

I thought of this story as just a quick knock off, nothing special, but people who read it responded very positively. "I was so there in the moment, been there, that full, wonderful story,” said one, and another told me, "Great story. Very sexual and detailed in description. I liked it a lot, though I would have liked ’Linda' better.”

Another reader shared a similar predicament she'd been in:

"Ahhh fireworks, I remember being desperate after the fireworks—and mulled wine—in

Oxford last Nov 5th, and walking carefully about a mile to the car up Marston Ferry road with thousands of people around and driving (being driven thank heavens) out of town, down the A34 and along the M4 all the way to Membury services, mincing across the car park and through the building and just about, more-or-less, getting to a toilet in time.”

I based the setting for this one on memories of London, Paris, and Georgetown. The fireworks aren't for any real occasion that I could think of. I just liked having them there.

Just an idle fantasy...

She should have a name. Let’s call her... Linda? Sally? Megan? No, how about Mindy. Short for Melinda. And the friend she’s with might be Ellen. Or Elaine.

Mindy sits with her friend at a bistro, at an outdoor table overlooking the canal, watching fireworks. It’s a warm night in late spring. Downtown is alive with people walking about, enjoying the weather, the fireworks, the street musicians, and the little lights strung in all the trees.

She’s nursing a beer—her third or fourth, or maybe fifth of the evening, depending on how you count the times her cup was refilled before it was empty. Sipping at it only occasionally, not because she’s afraid of getting tipsy, but because she really has to pee.

The table has a glass top, and if you look down through it at her legs, you might notice... Well, the first thing you’d notice is how really gorgeous her legs are, and then you’d notice how very short the shorts are that she’s wearing. But then, if you kept looking, your attention might be caught by the way she’s crossing and re-crossing her legs, and shifting in her chair every so often. The fireworks are beautiful, but by now Mindy is really looking forward to them being over so she can go back inside and find the ladies’ room.

She’d have gone a while ago, actually, except that she’s a bit shy about admitting out loud when she needs to pee, and getting up in the middle of the show would have been really obvious. So she crosses her legs again and waits.

Big finale, at last. Boom boom ba-ba-BOOM! A scattering of cheers and applause, some from people at other tables, some in the distance, from other little outdoor restaurants or from people sitting along the grassy bank of the canal.

Mindy stands up to go inside. She tips back the last of her beer and plunks the empty cup on the table. Her bladder gives a twinge of anticipation, and she has to give a little wiggle to hold it back. She stands with her legs crossed (bare thighs, tanned and fit and naked to within an inch of the crotch) as Ellen nests the empty cups, and then it’s Ellen, not Mindy, who says “Oh man, I have to go to the bathroom so bad!”

“Me too!” says Mindy. (Much easier than raising the subject herself.) She pushes in her chair, and her anticipation grows. Her bladder squeezes, excited as a little puppy hearing the word “walk.” She grits her teeth, determined not to let her bladder do the other thing puppies do when they’re excited. She clamps down, puffs a few breaths, and follows Ellen across the patio to the sliding glass doors of the dining room.

Ellen is wearing a long skirt, loose and billowy and Bohemian, and it swishes around her as she walks. Up top is a tank with spaghetti straps. Mindy’s view is from behind just now, but all evening she’s been aware of Ellen’s breasts, loose and free underneath. Mindy’s not especially attracted to women, but even so, Ellen is breathtaking in that skimpy tank, the contour of her nipples clearly visible under the silky cloth. (Probably real silk.) Looking at Ellen’s reflection in the glass doors, Mindy watches her sway and bounce as she scampers across the patio. She’s just half a step behind as Ellen reaches the door. Grasps the handle.

And finds it locked.

It seems that as the fireworks show was nearing its end, the restaurant closed for the night. Mindy hears Ellen mutter something under her breath that might be a swear word. Mindy clenches her jaw. Shuts her eyes. Stands with her legs pressed very close together. She turns her attention inward, wills her bladder to relax...to stretch...to expand around the swelling tide of pee.

She opens her eyes to see Ellen bending forward, hands pressed between her thighs. The tank falls forward, and she sees Ellen’s breasts, naked, wholly exposed from her angle.

Ellen looks up at her. “Oh well,” she says, “something must still be open. Come on.”

They hold hands as they walk around to the street side of the bistro. The sidewalk is alive with pedestrians, packing up and heading home after the fireworks, but the next little cafe is also closed, and the one after that. It seems the whole town has locked its doors just as the fireworks were ending. This is a neighborhood of little restaurants and shops. The late-night bars and clubs are all much further downtown.

This is not good. Mindy really, really has to pee and there’s nowhere to go. What is she going to do?

They walk along sidewalks still lively with late-night revelers. The night air is warm and sweet-smelling, the sky like velvet dusted with stars that sparkle even behind the streetlights. A beautiful night to be out walking, she thinks, in spite of her predicament.

Between the fishmonger and the antiquarian bookseller, they pass a little alley. Still holding hands, they stop to peer down its length. It’s narrow and deserted, and the only illumination is indirect, the lights from the street filtering in at the ends. The far end looks like it lets out onto the next block, and a couple of dustbins are tucked just inside the near end. The image (of course) comes to her mind unbidden: Mindy sees herself sneaking into the ally, ducking down so she’s at least partially hidden by those dustbins, unzipping, pulling down her pants, squatting, and then opening the floodgates.

Pissing right there on the pavement. Pissing like a freaking fire hydrant! She asks herself, could she really do that? Her bladder says yes yes yes!!! Her hand, with a will of its own, is fingering the button at her waistband. But she wouldn’t really be hidden in there, even behind the dustbins. What if somebody walked by? And even if there were cover from the street, she’s not sure she can pee in front of Ellen. Not even sure she can bring herself to suggest it out loud...but then, once again, it’s Ellen who broaches the subject. “Maybe if one of us stands guard,” she says, “the other can...”

But just then, at the far end, half a dozen drunken men come tumbling into the ally. They’re singing at the top of their lungs, and Mindy watches in horror as several of them unzip and piss against the walls, leaning back to make great arcs of pee while the others laugh and cheer them on. Mindy clamps down again, hard. “No no no no no...!” she says. She hops from foot to foot, dances a jig, coaxing her bladder to calm down again.

This time the swear word from Ellen is unmistakable. She takes Mindy’s hand again and marches them both on down the sidewalk. “OK,” she tells Mindy, “I’ve gotta go and no kidding. There are trees down by the canal, and it’s kind of dark. I bet we can find a good spot.”

Easy for you, thinks Mindy. You're wearing a skirt. But with no better idea of her own, she follows along.

The canal is barely wider that any of the streets. You hardly ever see boats on it, but it’s quaint and picturesque as it winds its way through the city. Bridges hump up to cross it, and the banks in many places are landscaped as little parks, with neatly trimmed grass and benches and flowering shrubs. When you picture it in your mind, it seems like there must be lots of bushes, but as Mindy and Ellen cut over to the next street and then cross to walk along the bank, the plantings they see are all spindly ornamental trees. They smell sweet in the night, and the blossoms are beautiful as they catch the soft lights that line the streets, but they offer nothing in the way of concealment.

Mindy is getting to the point of pain by now, she has to go so bad. Any little bit of cover will do. Perhaps under the arch of that bridge up ahead? She hurries along, stepping carefully so as not to jostle her bladder. But when they reach it, they find it is solid stonework all the way to the embankment. The only way to get under it would be to float under on a raft.

There’s a park bench facing the water, and one end of it swathed in the deep shadow of the bridge. If she were dressed like Ellen... Again, the image comes to her mind unbidden. Mindy can see herself in a skirt, just flipping the skirt up out of the way as she sits down and letting it hang down all around her, sliding her panties just a little out of the way, and peeing down right through the slats of the bench. Letting go like that would be a sensual experience. She could release a gallon of pee like that and the grass would muffle all the sound. Peeing in silence, in the dark, with people walking by not twenty feet away but no one the wiser.

OH MY GOD does she have to pee!!!

But she’s wearing shorts, not a skirt, and Ellen either doesn’t think of sitting on the bench, or she feels it’s still too exposed. Without a word, she turns and walks back up to the sidewalk. Mindy follows.

They cross the bridge, up the steep sidewalk and then down the other side. Cars roll by. Other pedestrians pass them. The street lights give the city a warm, magical glow, but God damn it, there’s nowhere for a girl to drop her pants (or lift her skirt) and piss! And Mindy is becoming really concerned. How much longer can she hold it in? Again, it’s Ellen who puts it into words, leaning close to Mindy to say quietly, “You would not BELIEVE how bad I have to go! My bladder is literally about to explode. If we don’t find a place soon, I’m gonna be in real trouble.”

The train station is only another block. “Are there bathrooms at the station?” Mindy asks.

“I don’t know,” says Ellen. “I didn’t see any, but I wasn’t looking before.”

They walk the remaining block in silence, at a brisk, steady pace. The train station is a low, brick building with a slate roof and a whimsical cupola. The front door (Damn it!) is locked. A sign directs them to a gate in the fence alongside the building, where a turnstile accepts coins and admits them onto the platform. Mindy holds onto a faint hope that the doors in back, facing the tracks, will still be open, but they’re not.

Dying to piss, she and Ellen press their faces to the window, looking to see if there’s anyone inside who might let them in to use the bathroom. The lobby is deserted, wooden benches only half-lit. And there, frustratingly, are the signs inside that indicate Men’s and Women’s rooms.

“God,” says Ellen, “How long do you think it’ll be before the next train gets here? Mindy only grimaces and shrugs. Much too desperate to stand still and wait, they pace. They walk the length of the platform, up and down, then walk in smaller circles here by the building where there are lights, then down again to the darkened ends of the platform.

At the far end on the left side of the station, Ellen stops. The platform is deserted; no one there but the two of them. Across the tracks, the back of a three-story apartment building has a clear view of them—window after window after window—but it’s at least not as brightly lit down here at the end. Mindy watches Ellen looking up and down, looking at the windows, and knows exactly what she’s thinking.

But Ellen turns to walk back again. Mindy follows her, pacing along the edge of the platform, past the station again and then out to the other end. Here they’re overlooked from both sides —buildings across the tracks and the sidewalk and street just on the other side of the iron fence. They walk right up to the very end of the platform, stand with their toes on the edge of the concrete, and then back again.

Back to the far left end. Rows of windows overlooking them, some illuminated and others dark. But here, where Mindy and Ellen stand in semidarkness, people might not notice them. And there’s this: Even if anyone does see—even if people watch them peeing from windows that are only thirty feet away—they’re on the far side of the tracks, on the other side of a chain link fence. What could anyone do if they did notice them being sneaky and pulling down their pants? All this must have been going through Ellen’s mind when she said, “Damn it, I want to pee right here.”

Mindy thinks, If she pees, then I'll pee. I don't even care who sees. It's better than wetting my pants. She squirms, watching Ellen to see what she’ll decide. Mindy’s bladder is doing the excited puppy again. Now? Please? Yes? Now? She starts to dance, keeping it under control. Ellen bites her lip, looking up at all those windows.

Far down the tracks, a light appears. Ellen turns to look as it draws closer, and then there’s a faint rumbling clackity-clack. She looks disappointed, frustrated. She huffs in annoyance, shifts her weight. “Well,” she says, “at least it’s only three stops until we’re home. I can probably make it that long.”

Mindy crosses her legs, flexes her knees, actually grabs her crotch with her hand to hold it back, hold it in, keep from peeing herself right there. Ellen looks at her. “Are you gonna be OK?” she asks. Mindy can only shrug. She knows her face must be a mask of anguish, teeth gritted, eyes bulging. She takes her hand away from her crotch as the train pulls up to the platform and slows to a stop. The doors open with a hydraulic hissss, and Mindy tries her best to look normal as they step inside.

Half a dozen people are seated at one end of the car, all talking and laughing, passing around a bottle. Mindy and Ellen move to the empty end to sit facing each other, and Ellen pulls one leg up to sit on her foot. She rocks gently back and forth. Mindy looks over Ellen’s shoulder at the other people. She judges that she’s blocked from view enough to hold her crotch with her hands again. She grips herself and squeezes as the train pulls out.

Lights whiz by in the darkness. Neither Mindy nor Ellen say a word. Both of them keep their gazes fixed solidly out the window. At the first stop, Ellen leans back in her seat, eyes closed. She shifts position, changes which foot she’s sitting on. Mindy, hands still in her crotch, has begun scissoring her knees.

The train moves again. Loud voices at the far end of the car. Mindy is grateful that they’re talking amongst themselves. It makes it less likely they’ll notice her wriggling and bouncing in her seat.

The second stop. Ellen cranes her neck to watch the other people in the car leaving. The doors stand open for another few seconds, then slide closed and the train slowly begins to move.

They are alone.

Mindy jumps up and begins pacing the aisle. She moans out loud, “Oh my God, my bladder is going to explode! I am literally going to pee in my pants in another minute!” She tugs on the waistband of her shorts, digging the fabric into her crotch.

Ellen is curled up in her seat, her whole body practically tied in a knot. She’s leaning forward, her top showing deep cleavage, and she’s chewing on her lip. Mindy can see beads of sweat on her forehead.

Mindy paces to the far end of the car. Through the window at the end, she can see people in the next car. It’s possible to open the doors and pass through, and she flashes on the idea of peeing in the space between the cars. But there’s nowhere to stand except two little platforms, each barely a foot wide, with a gap of a couple of inches between them where you can see the tracks racing by underneath, nothing to hold onto but delicate little chains to either side, nothing at all to hide a person from view, and the train shaking and jostling with every clickety-clack. She turns to skip and dance back to where Ellen is sitting, turns again and paces to the middle of the car to stand between the doors. She tries marching in place, jogging in place, then grips the back of a seat to stand on one leg.

Then, horrified, she loses a spurt. Only a teaspoon or so, but it’s enough to make her crotch feel hot and wet. She does another quick-time march to get it under control again.

The dampness spreads and cools, and out the windows, she can see the landmarks of their own neighborhood. Ellen is out of her seat now, shifting her weight back and forth from foot to foot. Then—shocking—as Mindy watches, Ellen gathers her peasant skirt around her hips and hooks her thumbs under the waistband of her underwear.

“Ellen!" says Mindy, “What are you doing?!?"

“I seriously might not make it all the way back to the house," says Ellen. “I really don’t want to pee in my panties." The skirt falls around her knees again as she slides the panties down her legs and steps out of them, rolling them up into a ball to tuck them into a pocket.

Mindy is standing on one foot again, legs crossed, twisting her body one way and then the other as the train slows. Ellen comes up to stand next to her, puffing with effort. It’s anybody’s guess which of them will wet herself first if they don’t get home in time.

The train comes to a stop.

The pause before the doors open can’t be more than a second or two, but it seems interminable. Ellen is bending over at the waist again, her hands pressed between her thighs. (Again the flash of breasts, naked all the way to the nipples under the loose silk tank top.) Mindy feels another spurt of urine escape. How much this time? She presses her fingers into her crotch, feels the denim slightly damp. Damn it! Hurry up!

Then whoooosh! The doors open and they step out into the night air.

Was Ellen planning to just let it go as soon as she stepped outside? If so, she changes her mind as a dozen people spill onto the platform from the next car, swarming in their direction as they head for the exit. Mindy and Ellen run just ahead of them. The train stations here in the suburbs are barely more than whistle stops. A platform, a little kiosk (which of course is shut up tight) and a turnstile. They push their way out onto the sidewalk.

The houses in this neighborhood are narrow with two stories, most of them duplexes but pretty and well-maintained. Front yards are small, with picket fences and climbing roses. Cars line the curb. Tonight, even out here in the suburbs, even this late, there are people out walking. There are bushes along the way, but either too small or too far back in people’s private yards. Nowhere to hide, nowhere to squat, nowhere to go. But they’re almost home now; the house where they’re staying is only a block and a half away. It’s too far for them to run the whole way, but they do some very, very fast walking. When they’ve put some distance between themselves and the other passengers who got off with them, Ellen leans close to say, “Oh my God, I thought I was going to piss myself while we were still on the train."

“I did,” says Mindy, sheepishly. Ellen glances down at Mindy’s crotch. It’s not wet enough to show—yet. “Just a little,” adds Mindy, with an embarrassed grin.

In her mind’s eye, Mindy can see the bathroom at their house. The wooden door with the knob that rattles. The wallpaper with the little blue flowers. The little sink with its two taps. The claw-foot tub. The toilet. The toilet. The toilet. If she can hold it just another few minutes...

They pause at the stoplight, glancing right and left before jaywalking. But then Ellen squeals, grimaces, scrunches her eyes closed. “Aaahhhhgggh!”

“Ellen?”

“Oh God!” Ellen writhes, doubles over, hunkers low. Mindy thinks at first that she’s going to squat right there on the street corner, but she is only squirming to pull herself under control again. She stands, but now there’s a car passing in front of them. “My legs are wet down to me knees!

Does it show?" She turns her backside toward Mindy, spreads the skirt wide. There’s a small wet patch.

“Just a little." Mindy feels another little bloom of heat in her pants. Her underwear is soaked by now, and she wonders if her own wet spot shows. She hops and jigs to squeeze it closed again, thinking how wonderful it would be to just let go. But then the car has passed by, Ellen is hurrying out across the street, and Mindy dances along after her.

Dances gently. Her bladder is in pain, she has to go so bad.

Almost home. Bathroom. The vision of the toilet is as vivid in her mind as if she were standing in front of it.

Tearing her shorts and her panties down to her knees. (Oh God, almost there!)

Plunking her bottom down on the seat. (Just a couple more minutes!)

The relief, when she can finally go, will be like an orgasm. (Hold on, hold on!)

She can almost see their house now. Her gait is mincing; she can barely walk from the pain and the effort. Ellen is puffing along beside her, a little hunched over.

Up ahead, coming towards them from the far end of the block, are a man and a woman walking hand in hand. If it weren’t for that, Mindy feels sure Ellen would just stop where they are and piss under her skirt.

Hell, for that matter, Mindy herself might just let it go. She’s already leaking. Again she thinks, if Ellen pees, so will she. Just give up. Pee in her pants and not even care. If they were alone.

Ellen	mutters,

“OhthankGodwerealmosthome!’’

Toilet. Mindy sees it clearly. White porcelain, wooden seat.

One toilet. Oh God.

“Ellen?” she says, “Which of us gets to go first?”

“You can have the toilet,” says Ellen. “I’ll pee in the sink. Or in the tub. I don’t care.”

Mindy’s not thrilled about this. Peeing in front of people is never easy. But the circumstances do seem to demand it. She imagines Ellen climbing up onto that little sink, pulling handful after handful of skirt up out of the way, boosting herself to perch her butt on the rim of the sink and then scooting back to pee into the basin, struggling the whole time not to knock everything off the shelf.

More likely she’ll pee in the tub. Will she sit on the edge? She’d be knee-to-knee with Mindy, the two of them practically touching as Ellen pissed a rushing river and Mindy tried to relax and let go. Or would she step over the edge, stand in the tub with her skirt up around her hips again? Would she hunker down a little bit, standing with her feet planted wide apart? Mindy would have a front-row seat with her face practically in Ellen’s crotch. Or Ellen might turn the other way, showing her bottom as Mindy watched the waterworks.

Here’s their house at last. The couple holding hands are only a few yards away. Ellen opens the gate. Mindy loses control for another split second, feels another spurt turn her crotch from cold and damp to hot and wet, and this time she can even feel a little trickle down her inner thigh. With monumental force of will, she clamps it off again. Holds it back. Holds it in. Ellen’s feet clomp clomp clomp up the steps. Mindy, running behind, is already unbuttoning her shorts. Next to Ellen, standing at the front door, she unzips. That couple are walking right by the house now. At least her back is to them. She stops short of actually pulling down her pants, but she grips her crotch again, this time with both hands, and bounces up and down while Ellen turns the knob.

She’s going to run through the house like that, with her pants unzipped and her hands on her crotch. If anyone else is up and about, they’ll see her like that. She can’t afford to care. In fact, she’ll start pulling down her pants the second she steps inside and run bare-bottomed through the living room. That’s how little time she has to spare.

“Do you have your key?’’ Ellen asks.

“What?!?’’ Mindy gasps. “I thought you brought the key!”

“They never keep the door locked. I didn’t think...”

“You’re f—ing kidding me!” Mindy’s fingers pressed into her crotch are all that keep her from pissing right here on the front stoop.

“Let’s try the back!” says Ellen.

They turn and run. Facing the street now, Mindy is still unzipped, still gripping herself with both hands. F*** it. She doesn’t even look to see if the couple are watching her. (They might be. Mindy and Ellen are making a bit of a spectacle.) They run to the side of the house.

Down the little path between their house and the neighbor’s.

Out into the back garden.

Rose bushes. Elm trees. Adirondack chairs and a chaise lounge. Fenced all around.

Dark.

Ellen falls a few steps behind. “I’m sorry,” she says. “I can’t...”

Mindy turns to see. Ellen has stopped in her tracks. Instead of gathering up the hem of her skirt, she’s undoing something at her waist. The skirt is a wrap-around and it falls away like a towel.

And then Ellen is standing there, completely naked from the waist down. Long legs. Velvety tuft of curly hair, neatly trimmed.

And a suggestion of movement, and just the tiniest of sounds—a little rivulet of water snaking down the inside of one thigh. Mindy stands and stares, unable to take her eyes away, feeling a violent spasm in her own bladder. And then Ellen is pissing like a fire hose. A thick stream, pouring out from between her legs, sparkling in the moonlight. The sound like running water from a spigot.

Mindy squirts again into the crotch of her shorts, unable to stop herself. Still gripping her crotch with one hand, she uses the other to push her pants down off her bottom. It’s too late. She’s pissing full blast with her hand still gripping her crotch. She lets go and pushed her pants down to her knees, but she’s peeing out of control, pissing (Damn it!) straight down onto the shorts and panties stretched between her knees.

Oh well.

She ought to be embarrassed, ought to be exasperated... She doesn’t even care. The sensuality of release is such pleasure, it overwhelms any other feelings.

Better late than never, she hunkers down into a squat, hangs her butt just a couple of inches above the ground. And pees and pees and peeeeeeees. The sound grows loud and bright as a puddle forms underneath her.

Ellen’s piss is quieter. As Mindy watches, Ellen turns her hips one way and then the other, swishing her stream this way and that so it’s falling quietly onto the grass instead of splashing into a puddle.

It occurs to Mindy that maybe she should try to stop, move inside and finish up in the bathroom. No. Silly idea. Pointless. She sighs deeply and smiles, enjoying the sensation of her bladder shrinking down to its normal size again, the powerful stream vibrating through her. That, and also the warmth of the night air and the twinkling light of the stars overhead. Staring into Ellen’s vagina as the two of them piss outdoors, she feels wicked and mischievous.

Finally the flow ebbs.. .weakens.. .tapers to a stop. She shifts her weight and—oh!—pees again for another thirty seconds. Ellen is re-tying her wrap around skirt as Mindy gets to her feet again. “Well!" Ellen says, “we almost made it.”

“I won’t tell if you don’t,” says Mindy.

“It’s a deal.”

“Do me a favor?” Mindy has pulled her pants up to mid-thigh, but they’re cold and wet and the thought of pulling them all the way up is unappealing. “Go inside and get me something to wear. And maybe a towel or a washcloth.”

“Sure.” Ellen walks up to her and hugs her, gives her a quick kiss on the forehead.

Mindy watches as Ellen goes in the back door (which, yes, was open) and then kicks off her shoes and steps completely out of her pants. She ducks back into the shadows as the inside light comes on, and then sits down on the chaise lounge. Lying back, looking up at the stars through the branches of the trees, her hand goes back to the wetness between her legs. She fingers herself, not enough to cum (not enough time for that anyway, before Ellen comes back out) but enough to prolong the sensual pleasure that came from finally, FINALLY abandoning her selfcontrol and finding release.

She realizes her bladder is still not quite empty, and in the final few seconds before Ellen comes back, she spreads her legs and pees for a third time, feeling it trickle under her bare bottom and drain through the webbing of the seat into the warm, dew-moist grass.
