Stompin' Out

Author: Accidental Tourist (1999-05-03 at 07:24) #34116

The following is based on a true incident; only the names have been changed to protect the incontinent.

Chris had hardly gotten any sleep the night before. She was so worried about where they were going to live. Their landlords had given them notice that their house would be put on the market, and although they had begun looking for other places to rent, or even to buy, the market was incredibly tight and the move-out deadline was approaching fast.

So in the morning she had dragged herself downstairs to find herself in the middle of a stressful breakfast scene: her husband was trying to get the 5 year-old to decide what to put on the oatmeal. And when she'd tried to make some helpful suggestions that the child already had more than enough brown sugar, and that her husband could read the package and not make so much oatmeal next time after all the sink disposal wasn't that hungry — she found herself rapidly drawn into the conflict. “I'm going back to bed,” she said grumpily, grabbing her half-drunk coffeecup.

But when she got upstairs she realized she wasn't going to be able to get to sleep. She was still so worked up, and she didn't think she could handle an argument abut oatmeal. Rapidly pulling on a clean pair of panties, jeans and a t-shirt, she stomped out of the house, climbed into the car and slammed the door, and headed over to the local coffeehouse.

When she got inside, Omar, the owner, was standing behind the counter with two of the college girls who worked there. It was so early on a Sunday morning that there were no other customers. A few mintues later Omar came over and joined her at the table where she sat sipping a double cappucino.

They had just begun talking about the housing market, and about a marginal neighborhood a few blocks away where the prices might be a bit more reasonable, when Chris felt the first pangs in her bladder. But Omar loved to talk, and she knew her family was still at home arguing about oatmeal, and her cappucino was still piping hot.

Ten minutes later, she was really beginning to squirm. Unfortunately, the coffeehouse had no restrooms for customer use (insurance costs, Omar had once told her). Omar had allowed her to use the employees' restroom once in the past, but that was for their child, with only a couple of weeks of potty training experience. Chris was too proud to ask for herself — anyway, she knew it was soon time to be heading home. She finished her cappucino, but Omar kept talking. She tried to listen, but all she could think about now was her bladder.

At last another customer walked through the door, and Omar began to wrap up his story, but one of the college girls behind the counter rose to take the customer's order. “Please, please, please hurry up,” Chris chanted to herself. She was pressing her thighs tightly together, and the hot, itching, burning sensation she recognized as immediately preceding a loss of control. She considered asking Omar to use the restroom, but she knew she really ought to be getting home, and she felt that if she asked and he assented, she might feel obligated to stay and talk even longer. As if he read her mind, Omar excused himself to go back to work, and Chris gathered her things and headed quickly for the door.

As she walked to her car, the need diminished somewhat, but she still knew she didn't have much time. She squealed out of the parking lot onto the empty street, bouncing in her seat and rubbing her thighs together. As she came to the stoplight, a long spurt of pee escaped without warning, and she knew she was very close to losing it altogether. She looked down at her crotch and saw a wet spot glistening there, about 3 inches long and two inches wide inside her left thigh. Noticeable, she'd need to change her jeans, but not out of control yet.

She pulled up in front of the house.

Her husband heard the door fly open and knew that Chris was home. He heard her footsteps rapidly approaching the kitchen, where the child was finally eating oatmeal. Then he heard the footsteps stop, and heard Chris give a little gasp. “Honey, are you OK?” he shouted. “Yes,” came her reply, but he heard her begin running away rather than coming in to the kitchen.

At the doorstep, another long jet of pee had escaped into Chris' panties, leaving a new streak down the leg of her jeans. She'd come in and seen the basket of clean laundry in the living room and so had gone to grab it on her way upstairs. But as she had reached for the basket, another spurt, this one much longer and more forceful than the previous ones, had erupted. Anyone watching her at this point would have been able to see that she was wetting her pants. Somehow she managed to regain control of her bladder, but not before a dinner-plate sized wet spot had appeared at the crotch of her jeans and down the inside of her thighs halfway to her knees.

She grabbed the basket and ran for the stairs. Into the bathroom she dashed, dropping the laundry basket on the floor. As she struggled with the button of her jeans, the dam broke and she began pissing in earnest. She managed to get her jeans to her knees as pee filled her panties, causing the gusset to bulge out. Her only thought was to keep the mess off the floor; she sat down on the toilet seat and began to piss forcefully through her panties into the toilet. She kept pissing for a very long time. In the corner of her mind she realized that she was having an accident in her pants, but all she could think about was the blessed relief.

At a certain point she realized that she could probably stop and pull her panties off, but there hardly seemed any point, and then it struck her that she was now *deliberately* peeing in her panties. “I'm wetting my pants, just like a little girl,” she realized, and her mind flashed back to her childhood, to a time she had been having too much fun playing outside and stood on the front porch and peed through her overalls, a huge puddle spreading around her feet. Oh what a spanking she had gotten from her mother that time! The thought made her cringe and she covered her face with her hands as she remembered the shame of it, and her older brother's laughter.

At last she finihsed peeing through her panties, and after waiting for the dribbles to slowly drain out of the fabric into the toilet, she stood slightly, peeled first her damp jeans and then the sopping panties off her legs over her shoes and socks, and wadded them up and tossed them into the bathtub. She finished undressing and stepped into the shower. Hanging the wet panties over the washcloth bar she rinsed her crotch and legs and rubbed a finger through her silky black pubic hair. A tingle. Only a few more strokes and she shuddered as the orgasm caused her to grasp the showerhead and hold on to keep from collapsing onto the bathtub floor. As she relaxed, she realized that she had to pee again, and she stood and let the pee come out and run down the inside of her thighs, turning the shower water a pale yellow. It amazed her how much urine could still be inside her bladder, and she realized how much worse her accident could have been if she hadn't gotten home when she did.

She towled herself dry, dressed in clean clothes and tossed her pissy panties and jeans into the clothes hamper (where her husband later found them), and walked downstairs to join her family.

