Yet more of Monica's testimony

Author: Fluidity (1998-09-13 at 12:57) W#18842 

Another thought. How I would have loved to see in the Starr report this little item:

The next time I encountered the President, I did what he had asked me to do over the telephone. About two hours before bringing over the stack of papers that was my entry into his office, I drank about two and a half liters of water. By the time I brought the papers over I couldn't stand still, and Ms. Currie must have noticed. I stood there bouncing and squirming and fidgeting while she got confirmation that I could go on in. I had to pee so desperately that I was afraid I was going to flood myself before the President ever got to see me.

When I finally got into the President's office I was frantic. “Mr President,” I gasped, breathlessly, “I'm about to burst. If I can't pee soon I'm going to flood your carpet.”

The President walked over and pulled up my skirt and put his hand on my vulva. He commented on my twitching which I could no longer control. At that he brought me into the bathroom; I was dancing I was so full of pee. “Please hurry, I'm bursting”. He pulled off my sweater and bra and felt my ample breasts. He tried to pleasure me with his hand between my legs but I couldn't hold still for him. Finally he aroused me considerably but when I started to climax I began squirting into his hand. He kept pleasuring me and I hung onto him and kept squirting.

Suddenly there was a call from inside his office. I was mortified. He told me he would be right back. I plopped onto the Presidential Throne and pissed forever. He later told me that there is a bill he signed which is now in the National Archives with smudged ink from a few drops of my pee. (Footnote 198: dna analysis of the bill “1997 Emergency Support for National Flooding”, confirms the presence of Lewinsky urine). He also said that during the signing ceremony, Newt Gingrich was handed a wet pen. (Footnote 199: Majority Leader Gingrich confirms receiving a pen dripping with what he at the time assumed was Presidential sweat).

