Joanne's Accident #25
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1997'07)

Accident #25

I spoke with Joanne this morning after a few weeks of not talking or seeing her. I asked her about her next visit to the office described in #23 and #24. She said she was extra careful about not drinking more than one cup of coffee and that she stayed completely dry, although when she walked in the door the receptionist, without being asked, said that the bathroom was free. I guess Joanne has a reputation for urgency wherever she goes.

I told her that while disappointed I bet she was not and she agreed. When I then asked her if in the past weeks she'd wet her pants at all, she said not, not even little dribbles, since she had pretty much been around the house or at a vacation house, a toilet always in easy reach. I reminded her that there had been plenty of times she told me about when she wet her panties when while at home, especially if she was talking on the phone (the non portable (potable?) one.

The conversation moved on to other things, but before it ended (this was a phone conversation) I mentioned to her that my significant other (whom I'll call Sara) had wet her pants a few weeks back. (Someday I'll get around to writing up a history of Sara's accidents...they are many, big and small, and go back to when she was 15 or so, and continue to the present....joy). I told Joanne that Sara and I had been on a walk and that she mentioned a few blocks before we got to my house that she had to pee, but that's so ordinary I actually didn't pay much attention. Getting into house there was a message on the answering machine for her, and she listened to it. Joanne interrupts, saying isn't is "stupid that women who too often wet themselves, myself included, will listen to phone messages instead of using the toilet." I agreed, but added that stupid was nice.

I continued telling Joanne that after the message, Sara stood crossed legged, one leg in front of the other...a favorite position to control herself. Joanne said she knew the position very well....it was quite effective. Sara then walked a few more steps, and again when into that position, but this time didn't manage to hold it and began to wet her pants. She was wearing beige loose pants, and at first I couldn't see if she really was wetting them. She held herself and managed to get into control, but she wet herself perhaps six inches down the insides of her legs. I laughed, as did she, running to the toilet and pulling down her pants and wet panties....which were spread tightly across her legs as she sat on the toilet. Nice, white cotton ones with lace in the front, and a lovely very wet, slightly yellowed crotch.

I didn't go into all the details with Joanne, but she said she'd done the same things. There was a moment of silence, as I was just about to change the topic. Joanne said, "God, I just remembered. Your story of Sara wetting her pants made me remember."

"I went into the office about a week ago [she's been working from home over the summer] and on the way I really had to pee, I mean I really had to go. I ran into Dan [a co–worker] who was real excited about a house he and his wife were just about to buy as a second home. Since I knew a lot about the area of the house he was really anxious to talk to me and ask lots of questions. I would love to help him, its in a beautiful area of the country, but I was almost about to pee right there. I was trying to cross my legs without being to obvious."

I asked, "Why didn't you tell him you need to use the toilet?" "I would have been embarrassed," which I consider odd since I've heard her tell people she was desperate to pee. "I finally cut the conversation short and managed not to begin wetting my panties. I ran, and I mean ran, toward the toilets, but no sooner in the door than I wet my panties, quite a bit. I think it was also running down my legs, but I was in such a hurry I really don't remember. It was very hot and I was wearing a short dress, so only my panties got wet."

I asked about what type of panties she had on, but she said she honestly didn't remember.

"God I love your accident stories. I really do. Someday I want to see you wet yourself." Joanne responded that she was sure that would happen someday, and reminded me that I had seen her in wet panties after she had wet them. I'll see her soon, so who knows, perhaps my luck will turn.

