Bursting at college

Author: J.E. Hart

My next Omorashi experience, which was half-planned, half-accident, occurred during both my first date with my now-boyfriend and a class I had that day.

My boyfriend and I met on a dating app and were going to go out for coffee together just to see how we worked together. I thought it might be fun to try a little holding that morning with plenty of time to get back to my dorm before things became too worrisome.

I woke up in the morning feeling a little nervous for my date later. My roommate assured me it would be fine, and if I needed her to give support, she would run right over. It was winter, so I put on a fuzzy sweater and skinny jeans with boot socks under slightly tall, brown boots. I put my hair, which was getting pretty long, into a loose braid.

I knew I was going to have coffee later, so I made myself a cup of tea instead of my usual coffee. I still had a couple of hours before I had to leave, so I sat down at my desk to drink my tea while I watched videos on my phone.

I put on my makeup, made sure I had everything ready to go for an afternoon class later in the day, and headed out to the hall. I used the bathroom before I left, even though I didn’t really have to. I used it when I woke up, and the tea hadn’t really hit my bladder yet. Still, I wanted to make sure I was ready for a potentially long hold just in case this date went on longer than I expected.

The coffeeshop we chose to meet at was close to my school campus, so I only had a short walk. On my way out, I put on a fairly heavy coat, but it was still really cold out. My breath made puffs of steam in the air and I kept my hands stuffed in my pockets as I walked.

When I arrived at the coffeeshop, I didn’t see the man I was meeting, so I went ahead and ordered some coffee and sat down at a table with two chairs. Not long after I did, the person I was waiting for walked in and ordered too.

I waved at him while he was waiting for his coffee, and he waved back. A minute later, he walked over, coffee cup in hand, and sat down opposite me.

“Hi, you must be Zoe. I’m Liam.”

“Hi, Liam, great to meet you.”

Fortunately, he looked almost exactly like his pictures. He had brown hair, brown eyes, and his jawline was sharp. Physically, he was exactly me style and I felt my heart jump a little as we shook hands.

We sat and chatted for a little while. So far he seemed sweet, and I wasn’t anywhere near texting my roommate for help. That was a good sign. As we continued to talk, I began to have a growing need to use the bathroom. I knew that the tea I had before I left was filling me up, and sipping on coffee wasn’t helping the tightening feeling around my abdomen. I tried to ignore it because I was genuinely enjoying our conversation.

“So, what’s your college major?” Liam asked.

“English literature,” I answered. “I write. Currently I’m doing freelance work, but we’ll see what happens once I graduate.”

“That’s great. I’m graduating in the spring with my BA in sociology. I did some interning over the summer in PR at a company I really admire, so I’m hoping I got my foot in the door.”

“Is the company nearby?” It’s not, unfortunately. It’s actually in Oregon.”

My heart skipped a beat. “That’s where I grew up.”

“Oh, yeah?”

“My parents still live there, actually.”

My prospects were looking up with Liam. The problem I had with dating in college before was everyone had such different plans that would take them all around the world. Dating was almost guaranteed to be short-term.

And then my bladder spasmed. I shifted uncomfortably, hoping Liam hadn’t noticed the slight look of concern on my face. Then I lifted up my coffee cup, realizing it was almost gone.

“Hey, have you finished your coffee yet?”

“Almost.”

“Mine’s gone, and I was wondering if you want more.”

“Oh, I should really-“

“Don’t worry, I’ll pay for it.” He smirked at me and despite the protests from my bladder, I agreed.

I couldn’t pass up the perfect opportunity to spice up this hold, and I did appreciate a free cup of coffee.

###

While Liam was gone, I checked my phone for the time. I had gotten caught up in our conversation and lost track of the time, because it was getting close to when I needed to leave for my afternoon class.


“Ãò sorry, but I have to leave in about 20 minutes,” I told him when he came back and handed me my coffee


I subtly crossed my legs and began to bounce the top one back and forth.

“Oh, that’s too bad. Do you have somewhere you need to be?”

“An afternoon class. I can’t skip it because the professor’s very strict. If I could, I would, though.”

“Well, we’ll have to meet up again sometime soon.”

“I would love that,” I smiled.

“Can I at least walk you back to your campus?”

“Sure.”

We stayed and talked a few minutes longer, and then we got up and left with our coffee. The moment I stood up, I knew I was in trouble. My bladder dropped like a weight and I honestly thought I wouldn’t be able to stand up straight.

I wriggled my legs back and forth to help relieve some of the pressure while I waited for Liam to gather himself and stand up.

“I’m just going to use the bathroom quickly. I’ll be right out,” he told me.

I watched him go to the back of the coffeeshop, looking for any signs of him being desperate. Unfortunately, nothing seemed amiss. I usually had bad luck with desperation sightings anyway.

The best I ever had was on a train, and I couldn’t even enjoy it because of how badly I needed to pee at the time.

As I waited for Liam, I tapped my foot on the ground. It wasn’t that I was growing impatient, I just needed to do something to distract myself from my own growing need to pee. I thought about running to the bathroom quickly, but there were two things holding me back: I didn’t want Liam to think I left without him and have that put him off me, and I also wanted to keep holding for just a little bit longer.

I promised myself I would pee before class started, and after that I should be fine. Once Liam came back from the coffeeshop bathroom, we left and started to walk down the sidewalk.

We continued our conversation we were having earlier outside. It was much colder, though, and I found myself hugging my arm across my waist to keep in heat. Having my arm near my bladder added some pressure, and I could just feel how much urine was in there. I kept my arm in place and took a sip of my coffee, smiling furtively as I began to get turned on.

“So, I was thinking if we do decide to meet again, maybe it could be for dinner.” Liam looked to me for my opinion and I jolted myself out of my fantasies.

“That would be great,” I said quickly. “I know of a great authentic Hungarian food restaurant nearby.”

“I don’t think I’ve ever heard of it before. That would be really fun.”

Liam walked more slowly than I would have liked. My bladder was dully pounding now as it continued to fill up. It didn’t help that I was taking big swigs of coffee so I could throw it away once we got to my campus.

We were about halfway to the college when my muscles gave way for a brief moment. Hot pee spurted into my underwear and dampened them further. I fought every instinct to stop and cross my legs because I didn’t want Liam to know how desperate I was.

When he said something funny, I laughed nervously and discreetly put my hand near my crotch as a defense should I start to leak again. My heart was racing and my cheeks were getting flushed from more than the cold.

I couldn’t understand why I had to go so badly. I had drunk more before and held for longer periods of time without any issues, so why was my bladder failing me now? I thought back to when I peed right before leaving and my mind flashed to learning about kidneys and how they could be weakened from a lot of liquids and frequent urination. In that moment, I wished to God I had never decided to pee right before leaving.

I had another leak just as we were crossing the street to my college campus. One car stopped for us, but the other lane of cars didn’t and we ran across the street as quickly as we could. That stupidity cause my bladder to get jostled around, which it didn’t like one bit.

Another hot spurt of pee filled my underwear and felt like it spilled over into my jeans. I was wearing a skimpy thong which hardly gave me any protection from leaks, and I was pretty sure it had reached its limit with just two.

A dribble continued to leak out as we walked, and I had trouble getting it under control. I desperately wanted to stop, bend my knees, and shove my hand into my pants, but with Liam next to me, it made that impossible.

It didn’t help that my pussy was throbbing and my clit felt swollen and in urgent need of rubbing. The friction from my wet underwear and tight jeans teased it and made me even hungrier to touch myself.

“Well, I should leave you to get to your class now,” Liam said, stopping by a bulletin board. “I hope we see each other again soon.”

“So do I,” I said, looking up into his gorgeous brown eyes.

We had tossed our empty coffee cups in the nearest garbage and now Liam leaned in to kiss me. He was much taller than I was, so I had to stand on my tiptoes to reach him, stretching out my bladder further.

His lips were soft and inviting, and I wanted to stay there forever locked together. I started to slip my tongue into his mouth, but pulled away the second my throbbing bladder told me I needed to go now.

“What’s wrong?” he asked, obviously surprised by my hasty retreat.

“I’m going to be late for my class!” I said, making up an excuse as quickly as I could think of one. “I’ll text you some dates for dinner and we’ll set something up.”

I hurried away, and when I felt I had traveled a safe distance, I looked back. I couldn’t see Liam anywhere, and no one else was walking nearby, so I immediately placed my hand between my legs and pushed up, sighing loudly with the relief it provided me.

I stood there for a minute, hunched over and legs pressed together so close that my inward-facing feet were touching toes. My mind wandered back to a few minutes ago with Liam, and I involuntarily started rubbing my hand between my pants.

I realized out in the open was a bad place to be doing this, so I marched in place looking like a penguin while I took my phone out of my pocket to check the time again.

My eyes nearly left their sockets when I saw the time. “I’m going to be late!” I said aloud.

My class was in about ten minutes, and I knew that the building it was in was about a five minute brisk walk away from my dorm. I still had to get my backpack from my room, as this was not a class I could go without it. The professor in this class, an English class that was imperative for me to take, did not take kindly to late students and used the textbooks.

I really wanted to stop and use a bathroom first, because this hold was getting into dangerous territory and I had enough fun with it. The problem was even if I ran all the way there after both getting my backpack and taking the time to pee, I wouldn’t have enough time.

I braced myself, squeezed my legs together super tightly, and removed my hand before sprinting across campus to get to my dorm. I ran up the stairs, down the hall, and pushed open my door, grabbing my backpack from my bed where I left it. I was so grateful to past me for making sure it was all ready just in case.

###

My roommate wasn’t in there, so I didn’t have to waste time saying hi, explaining what was going on, or fielding questions about my date. So far, this bad situation was working out pretty well.

I ran back out of the building, my bladder screaming at me the entire time, and all the way to the building where my class was before checking the time. I had two whole minutes to spare, although I could see through the small window in the door that the professor, Professor Digby was already in the room, along with several other students.

My eyes darted to the bathroom just a few yards down the hall while my bladder throbbed. Each pang I could feel the pee in there, begging for a place to go. I squirmed around, as standing still at this point was impossible. I had to make a decision.

Based on how long it took me to pee with a full bladder, I determined I just wouldn’t have enough time, and since I was already here and not late, I didn’t want to push my luck. With a sigh, I pushed open the classroom door and found my usual seat.

Of course, as it would go for me, the professor announced she would be right back and class would start just a couple minutes late today because she had forgotten something in her office. I wanted to jump up after her and run to the bathroom, but I had already resigned myself to my choice. There was no going back now in my mind.

I had to pee so badly, though, that fanning my legs wasn’t helping much anymore. This class was almost an hour long without a break at any point, and I could feel my muscles growing weak again. I knew that another leak was coming, but with people surrounding me, there was nothing I could do to stop it.

I squeezed my eyes shut and bit my lower lip as a drop of pee re-dampened my pussy. A whimper escaped my mouth and I quickly opened my eyes and looked around to make sure no one noticed.

Professor Digby came back earlier than she thought she would, making me glad I didn’t try to leave and use the bathroom. However, being stuck in one spot for an hour was already becoming an enormous challenge just five minutes in. I tried to sit back and relax, which was a huge mistake.

Pee spurted out again and this time I was sure it had leaked onto the outside of my jeans. I couldn’t check, but I could feel it. After that, I kept my body arched forward over the table and my legs tightly crossed. My bladder was getting squeezed, but I didn’t care. It felt better than trying to straighten out, which at this point would have been impossible.

“Please turn to page 134,” Professor Digby said.

This was the reason I needed my textbook: she always had us refer to it, and while we were reading she would ask questions about the material. It wasn’t fun, but I didn’t mind answering questions. They were all right there on the page she told us to look at.

Of course, today I was hoping someone else would step up and read them out instead, because I couldn’t focus very well and every word I read seemed to just spit itself back out into a jumble on the paper.

My bladder ached and I found myself subtly tapping my pencil on the page to the rhythm that my leg was bouncing. I had completely tuned out my professor and everyone else around me with the effort of simply trying to hold back the magnitude of urine in my bladder.

The second cup of coffee I had earlier was hitting hard and it seemed like every second, my bladder and pee hole tingled harder as I filled up with more pee.

“Can anyone answer the question?”

I jerked my head up, realizing the professor had been asking the class to answer for a little while now. One guy said something, but it wasn’t exactly wha the was looking for, so she asked for a more detailed explanation.

I had no idea what she was talking about because I hadn’t been listening, so of course she turned to look at me.

“Zoe? Could you answer it please?”

###

All the color left my face as my abdomen continued to have pangs of desperation every few seconds. I heard what the one guy said, so I had a little bit of an idea. Still, I wasn’t sure what she was asking for.

The color returned to my face as rosiness in my cheeks as I looked down at the book, still unable to concentrate on the words.

“Um, could you repeat what you asked? Sorry, I was reading when you asked it.”

She nodded and repeated the question, which went in a straight line in one ear and out the other. I couldn’t stop jiggling around now because of how badly I needed to pee. Another leak forced its way out, and I had a hard time stopping it from turning into a full stream.

I was forced to push my fingers into my pee hole from the outside of my jeans just to stem the flow of urine. When I looked down, I could see a bulge protruding from my lower belly. My jeans were pressing so uncomfortably into my was it, but there was nothing I could do. I couldn’t unbutton them here, and readjusting them would probably make matters worse.

“Um...” I scanned the page for an answer, finally settling on a blurb that had some potentially useful information in it. I thought of a way to spin it into my own words and answered my professor.

“Thank you, that’s exactly right.”

I breathed a sigh of relief and pushed my hand farther between my legs as my pee hole ached. There was still about a half-hour left in this Godawful class, and I was almost positive I couldn’t hold on that long.

One small mercy was that I wasn’t called on to ask anymore questions. Apparently the professor was so satisfied with my last response that she felt she didn’t need to bother me anymore. Still, I was on edge the entire time, feeling like I had to concentrate on what she was saying in case she asked something else and no one was able to answer it.

I silently cursed my classmates for not giving the right answer as I pulsed my legs back and forth, my thighs squeezing my hand. Another tiny dribble of pee found its way out, but I was able to stop it pretty easily. Unfortunately, I could feel the crotch of my jeans getting wet. All I could hope for was that I didn’t leak so much it was visible to other people.

The jeans were kind of washed out and faded, so there were some darker spots, especially around seams. My hope was that if anything was obvious to the people around me once I stood up, they would just think it was how my jeans looked or shadows or something else inconspicuous like that.

Professor Digby began wrapping up class almost 5 minutes early, which was still actually right on the hour because of her lateness earlier. I was so excited I couldn’t help but sigh, letting my eyes roll back a little. It was going to feel so good finally peeing.

I relaxed just a bit too much, and a big jet of pee sprayed out between my fingers pressing into my crotch, soaking my jeans. It was a big wet patch, about golf ball-sized. I still didn’t think others would be able to see it, but I was sitting down and I couldn’t see the back.

I clenched my muscles as tightly as a could, flexing my thighs and clawing at my crotch with my fingers. My bladder felt so full, I was worried that I wouldn’t be able to prevent any more leaks from stopping.

“Okay, that’s it for today,” Professor Digby announced, putting her own books in her bag and rolling up the projector screen. “I’ll see you all on Friday.”

I clenched my jaw, trying to figure out what to do. I had a couple of choices: I could either wait until pretty much everyone else was out of the room, or I could get up right now before anyone had a chance to block the door and make a beeline for the toilets.

I decided to wait once I saw someone already standing up and throwing heir back pack over one shoulder. There was no way I could get to the door before at least one or two others.

I sat there tapping my boot furiously on the floor. I didn’t care how loud it was, because other people were making enough noise to cover it up. I pretended to be looking for something in my backpack, which I placed on my lap.

That was a mistake, because the books inside dug into my bladder and sent waves of desperation cascading through my body. I shivered and squeezed my entire body tighter, even curling my toes. I was determined not to lose the battle now.

I could feel the pee tingling right at my pee hole, and if I changed my position at all, it was going to come flooding out. I began to fan my legs back and forth again, this time much more rapidly and frantically. My brow furrowed as I waited for the last couple of people to walk out. They were talking to each other and honestly didn’t sound ready to leave. I didn’t chance looking at them because I didn’t want them to notice me, but eventually even they made their way to the door.

###

With everyone gone, I was free to do whatever I wanted. I was so desperate to piss at this point that my eyes darted around the room, looking for anything to pee in. I was sure I wasn’t going to make it to the nearest bathroom without completely peeing myself.

Then I saw it: a little garbage can by the desk upfront with an empty energy drink bottle in it. I could either pee in the garbage can or in the bottle, and I decided that the bottle was my best shot. I didn’t want to cause any problems by just peeing freely into the garbage, and my pee in the bottle might just look like an energy drink itself, which would mask what I did very well.

I checked around the room to make sure there were no cameras, and I didn’t see any. I couldn’t be too careful, because I had seen cameras in some rooms before, although this wasn’t the type of room people would do anything in.

Except me.

With a fully formed plan, I tossed my textbook I had out into my backpack, zipped it up, and placed it on the table in front of me. I would grab it before I left, once I was relieved.

My biggest problem was going to be when I tried to stand up, because by now I had put my foot under my crotch. The heel of the boot was amazing for holding back the pee, and it freed my hand which was getting sore from holding on for an hour.

I was still bouncing up and down wildly, but I knew I had to stop, get both feet on the floor, and stand up as quickly as possible. With each bounce, my underwear got warmer and warmer with drops of pee. I had to act right now.

Very carefully, I took my heel out from underneath me. My bladder spasmed in protest, but there was nothing I could do. Through my own willpower, I held on, although my muscles were wavering and I could tell that at any moment, the damn would burst.

Then, which my thighs pressed together, I placed my hands on either side of the chair and pushed myself up. I couldn’t straighten all the way, but I was prepared for that. I placed a hand protectively over my bladder bulge to prevent it from getting bumped, which would be the end, and I inched my way out from behind the table.

I had to walk in tiny steps because if I pried my legs apart, pee would start flowing out. The wet patch on my jeans had a line going down my inner leg now, and I knew that if I had anymore substantial leaks, it would be completely noticeable.

I shuffled all the way down to the garbage, where I was presented with another problem: how was I supposed to get my legs apart long enough to pull down my skinny jeans and squat over the can?

I leaned over, which was agony for my bladder, and unscrewed the cap on the energy drink bottle. It was a big one, so I knew it would be able to hold all my pee. Then I unbuttoned my pants, which also allowed my expanded bladder to not be constricted and bought me more time.

I began to shimmy down my pants along with my underwear, which were completely soaked.

The moment I touched them, pee dripped onto my fingers because of how wet they were. I had my thighs together and my calves turned inward so I could finish pulling down my pants and underwear. I’m sure I looked a sight, and I could only hope and pray that no one came in the room while I was doing this.

With the bottle ready to go, my pants down as far as possible, and the garbage right in front of me so I could grab it to catch leaks, the last thing I had to do was spread my legs so I could pee. I would have to get the bottle in place, which was going to be tough, but I was as prepared as I could be.

My bladder hurt so badly, I almost couldn’t stand it. I felt like I was going to pop, and the moment I even started to unglue my legs, pee sprayed out. I slid the garbage can underneath me, but my underwear and pants caught most of it instead.

I was ready to explode, so I pressed my finger directly onto my pee hole, my finger instantly getting covered in pee and my pussy juices. I kept the pee at bay physically, even though it stung so much, and I positioned the mouth of the plastic bottle so it was ready to replace my finger.

In as smooth a motion as I could manage, I slid my finger away and shoved the bottle opening over my pee hole. Pee sprayed out everywhere and I squatted down over the garbage, adjusting the bottle so it was covering my entire pee hole.

I relaxed, even though I was already urinating freely, and the most powerful dream I ever experienced shot into the bottle. The sound of pee hitting the plastic and filling it up was incredible, and I stayed there moaning in relief as my bladder was finally emptied.

When I looked down, the bottle was getting close to full with my fairly clear urine. I admired the volume I held for a moment before screwing the lid back on, replacing it in the garbage, and pulling up my cold, damp underwear and my jeans.

###

I so desperately needed to touch myself right then, but that would have to wait until later. I ignored my swollen pussy lips and throbbing clit, letting the tight crotch of my jeans rub it slightly instead, and walked over to get my backpack.

I felt like a weight had been lifted off of me. My cheeks were pink and my eyes I was sure looked glassy. It was the most amazing feeling in the world. Fortunately, the damage to my jeans wasn’t too bad either, and except for a few places where pee had dripped onto them when they were already pulled down, the dark spots weren’t visible at all.

I walked back to my dorm confidently and opened the door to my roommate waiting expectantly.

“So, how did the date go?” she asked.

I smiled. “Amazing. You have no idea.”

Later that night, while my roommate was out and I had a few minutes alone, I replayed my desperation and peeing into a bottle in my head, almost feeling like I was experiencing the relief again. I reached into my pajama shorts, rubbed some pussy juice on my clit, and rubbed it as hard as I could stand.

When I was getting close, I began to finger myself, thrusting my hips and breathing heavily. I used my palm to reach my clit and within seconds, I came hard, moaning as ecstasy took over my body.

After I rode the waves of pleasure, I flopped back down on my bed with a sigh and closed my eyes. This hold hadn’t been exactly what I planned, but the result was the most interesting I had experienced yet.

