On the Job

By Pisces (1999-02-19) E#000

OK - here goes. This is a true story and has sparked my ten year fascination with peeing and exhibitionism. I used to work as a TV aerial fitter- and one hot summer day, I was doing a particularly difficult job on the roof of an old Victorian house in Birmingham. The lady of the house made cups of tea every half-hour which I drank gratefully as it was so hot. The job took about 4 hours which I suppose equated to about 7 mugs of tea by the time I had finished.

I always got quite chatty with customers and by the time I had finished, we found that we had a mutual interest in home made wine. Now obviously by now my bladder was extremely full, but I have always tended to wait until I really need to go, because it seems pointless to keep stopping for a small pee, when one big one is more satisfying. Even so, I had really pushed it this time and I really needed a good piss. Anyway, she wanted me to try one of her wines and so I said, "I'd love to, but after all that tea I really need to go to the loo first!" She said "Well you'll have to hang on for a few minutes because my daughter has just got in the bath!" Well, I thought, I suppose I can hang on a few minutes and started drinking my glass of wine. However, 20 minutes went by and it was starting to get painful.

I was wriggling about a bit and she noticed and said " You really should have gone earlier shouldn't you!" I was embarassed but had to agree! "I know, but I just didn't want to stop work - do you think she will be long?" "Well you know what teenagers are like" she replied. Things were REALLY desperate now so I said "I don't suppose there's anywhere else?" "Not really - are you that desperate?" she asked. "Well, yes" I said. She got up and walked into the kitchen and I followed her. She started opening cupboard - I think maybe she was looking for an old empty bottle or something. I remember there was an open drain outside the kitchen, next to the back door. "I'm really sorry about this" I said. "Can I use the drain outside?"

"Well I suppose so," she said "we all have to do it!" Well then she opened the back door and I went out and she stood in the doorway and carried on talking to me! I couldn't wait to see if she was going to leave me so I started to unbutton my jeans and pull the top of my pants down and get my prick out. I tried to ignore she was there as I pointed myself at the drain but something just locked up! There I was with a full bladder, but I just couldn't start with this lady standing there! "I'm sorry, am I putting you off?" she asked - "I'll leave you to it!" After she had gone, it still took me a few moments, but when I did it was a blessed stream that went on for ages. I pulled my pants a little lower and luxuriated in the blessed relief. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that she was watching out of a window and rubbing her crotch!

I was instantly turned on by the thought that this woman wanted to see my prick and got it out still further and tried to keep my stream going for as long as I could. Eventually, my stream ran out and I managed a couple of final spurts. By now, my dick, although not hard, had swollen up quite a lot and I was very turned on. I could see that the woman now had her hand down the front of her skirt and was clearly playing with herself, although I'm sure she thought I couldn't see her. I couldn't pee anymore but didn't want the show to stop!

I was enjoying it at least as much as she was! So I started to slowly pull my foreskin back and gently stimulated myself. I tried to make it look as though I was just squeezing out the last drops of pee but in reality, I was wanking. My dick was gradually reaching full size and meanwhile my admirer was frigging herself furiously. Eventually, I was so turned on I didn't care. I continued to massage my cock and undressed more so she could see my balls as well. When I came, I shot great spurts of white cum all over the wall in front of me and squeezed every last drop out of my aching cock.

Funny thing was, when I went back inside, we both acted like nothing had happened - I think we were both quite embarrassed but as I left she pressed a bottle of wine into my hand and said "Thanks for everything!" Ever since then, I have found peeing and exhibitionism a great turn on. I have had one or two other experiences since. Pee Free!

