Deepika's College Life Ch. 05
	Deepika skips school to serve in a bar, then goes to a beach.
Author: sin138

This is part of the series Deepika's college life. This story is about the long term descent of Indian American Deepika, who is studying in India. While most of the people use her to satisfy their own sexual pleasures, one of them has an hidden motive behind his degradation. Pease start from "Deepika's College life Ch 1&2 to help enjoy this series better. If you have any suggestions in improving the series, feel free to leave a comment below.

Thank you

Chapter 5 – Playing Hooky

In the classroom

Hey guys!

heading to the surathkal beach down south

Join us when ur free

Itll b worth it ;)

This is what Zakir, Rupesh, Amhit, Abhishek received from Deepika, while in class. Zakir also got message from his aunt Fathima, from USA.

Got this from someone i knew in Colorado

See them in private

After class finished, they went to the cigarette shop. There, they saw the message sent from Deepika's phone.

"This is definitely from Anuj," Abhishek laughed. "No way in hell would Deepika write it, though I wonder know she wants it."

"Yeah, but dude its Anuj," Amhit respond. "That dude is somewhat crazy."

"Well it's not like we are nice to Deepika," Rupesh chuckled. "I won't blame him, if he decides to have a little fun."

"I don't know," Amhit said. "Maybe we should back out of it. I mean don't wanna go too far."

While he was listening on the conversation, Zakir was scrolling through some pictures, which Fathima sent. He could not believe what he saw. They were Deepika naked in front of 5 fully clothed guys, plus pictures of her smoking marijuana. More importantly she seems to voluntarily whoring herself. The pictures show her smiling, and turned on.

Zakir mentioned something to Amhit in Hindi, while passing the phone to him. Amhit started feeling flushed looking at Deepika giving hand jobs on the pictures. He started exclaiming in Hindi about the pictures with her and the bong.

"Yo bitches!" Rupesh yelled. "I don't speak Hindi!"

"Chill man," Zakir laughed. Amhit finally gave the phone to Rupesh, who couldn't believe it actually exists.

"I told you choots," Zakir exclaimed happily. "I knew she wouldn't have gone through all this if she actually had some photos against her. We don't even need to leak ours and get in trouble. Amhit, I understand if you don't wanna continue this-"

"Fuck that shit choots! Her body got me hard. It's only fair if she softens it herself."

"That's the spirit," Rupesh laughed. "I can't make it right away. I have to go to a Kannada meet tonight."

"Thought you were from Chennai," Zakir mentioned.

"Yeah but my mom is from Mangalore, so I know Kannada, and Konkani too. I should actually get ready. The seniors are dicks."

"No problem man," Zakir assured. "We are staying overnight with her anyways, so come when you're done. When do you guys wanna go?"

"Hmm, we got our sessionals this coming Monday," Abhishek informed. "How about 6?"

"Fine," Zakir replied. "Call me when you're done with the meet Rupesh. "

Everyone agreed, and went their separate ways. Deepika will be alone with Anuj, until they finish.

Trip to the beach

The ride was torture. The vibrations from the bike felt ecstatic on her clit. The first half hour was stuck in traffic in the town, exposing her near naked body to everyone. Pretty much everyone could see an 18 year old Indian, wearing just green underwear, and matching heels. She was thankful that Anuj had a helmet that covered her face, so no one can identify her. The speed bumps, however made her moan loudly with each hit, so hopefully nobody can recognize her voice.

Worst however was when they stopped at a few lights. Everybody got a full glimpse at her. Even more frightening was that a police came to question the two. Anuj however gave some cash to the cop, and he left. This did not stop random people from approaching them in the other lights. Some passed lewd comments to her, and even taking pictures. Others were scolding the pair. There was an aunty, who called her a shameless cunt. This hit Deepika a bit. Anuj pretty much ignored them, while Deepika tried to drown out the comments with the pleasurable vibrations.

At 3:45pm, they stopped just at the edge of the town. As Deepika got up, she recognized the place. It was same the dingy place as the bar, where she paraded half naked. Today does not seem to be any different.

"Bhai," Anuj greeted the guy at the counter. "2 full Old Monk bottles, 3 packs of Kingfisher strong, 2 2L bottles coke, and 2 packs cigarettes."

The counter gave the price, but as Anuj looked into his wallet, he noticed he did not have enough cash. Before he could tell the waiter he did not have enough money, the manager came, recognizing Deepika.

"I know you. You're that girl in her underwear months back. Is that all you wear," He laughed, observing her current manner of undress.

"Yes she is, uncle," Anuj replied, while laughing. They started chatting in Hindi, while Deepika stared blankly. She felt even more uncomfortable, when Anuj was showing some video on the phone. It did not help they kept looking at her in between videos. They chatted some more and shook hands.

"Yo come over!" Anuj yelled to Deepika.

"What is it?" she asked with hesitation, as she approached.

"I need to go to the stores to by batteries for your new toy, he laughed. "Unfortunately I won't have enough money for the drinks. So you will stay here and help Uncle."

"What do you want?" she sighed. Her first thought was she had to suck his dick, but she's not making the same mistake as with the guard.

"I need you to help with the customers. The regulars thought it was hot, when they heard you drank from the people's mouth when you came. I want you to do the same for those who ask for it. Pour the drink in your mouth, and give it to the patrons, via kissing. Understand?"

"You give them the kiss-shot," Anuj laughed.

"What if they try to do something to me?"

"Well this young man tells me that you drank their sperm that night. He also said you lost your virginity to 3 people at the same time," the manager said while grinning. "However, I will honour his wish that you won't get fucked, as long you do everything else. These men will be happy with just a handjob, if you're good. If they feel the need to cum, you must collect it in this glass. There's is no way I want that stuff on the floor. If it gets full, swallow it. We'll mix it with something strong, if it helps."

"If I refuse?" she whispered Anuj.

"I guess I'll leave you here naked, under Uncle's care. He told me he needs some extra help," Anuj threatened.

"Okay, this will be fun," Deepika said with a forced smile. "When shall I start?"

Anuj laughed and left. The Manager ordered one of the waiters to write signs to leave on the counter, and tables. It was in Kannada, and Hindi.

Translation:

Shout for America Deepika, for a kiss-shot

She will show what it is to you

10Rs

"If a customer calls out for America Deepika, you do exactly as I told you. You can't even speak our local language, so just understand that they want you to please them. Let them direct you what to do."

Deepika nodded.

She was to walk around in her green underwear, and help the workers clean the tables. The waiters and the drunkards took the opportunity to touch her in her nether regions when she was wiping the tables. One even stuck his finger inside her when she bent over. She had no choice but to endure it.

"America Deepika!"

The first customer called for her. She felt uncomfortable with the idea that her real name is being used. She approaches the excited customer, takes his Carlsberg bottle, takes a big sip of it, kisses the customer, and transfers the beer into his mouth. Deepika felt a bit nauseated. It was obvious that he does not brush his teeth. However that nausea converted to arousal as he started slipping his fingers underneath her panties, and rubbing her twat. At first she wanted to resist, until she remembered what the manager said. Instead she pushed herself towards the moving fingers, increasing her enjoyment. Everyone who was in the bar loved what they were seeing. After she finished kissing him, everybody else started calling out her name.

As soon as she was done, she was about to head to the next person. The waiter stopped her, to give her half filled glass of vodka. She understood it is to catch any drop of jizz from the patrons.

The next customer directed her to sit on his lap. With immense difficulty, she was told to sit facing him with her legs around encircling around him. She was able to feel his hard dick pressing against her cunt. Loving what she feels, she started gyrating while serving his scotch in her mouth. The old man indicated he wanted to cum, prompting her to get the glass out. She knelt down to jerk of his penis until globs of semen sank down the glass of vodka. Satisfied, he took a swig of his scotch and spilt it into Deepika's open mouth, then making her swallow it.

This repeated with four more customers. Each customer got her on the edge, but no orgasm. Everytime she gave them their 'kiss-shot,' they gave one back to her too. This kept on going until they all finally filled the vodka glass with their man juice. Once it was filled, she was told to stand on top of one of the tables as everyone cheered her on.

She mixed the sperm and vodka with a stirrer, and stared at this odd mixture. Middle aged alcoholics cheering her name at 5pm just made it feel more awkward. She eventually gulped the cum cocktail. Having the multiple kiss-shots must have affected her taste, for she enjoyed every rancid drop. Everyone cheered and shook her hands as if it were an accomplishment. Some however were speaking to the manager, who then announced to everyone in Kannada. They all applauded, as he explained to Deepika what he said to them.

"Some of them did not want to kiss you after you chucked that chum. So we agreed to this idea. They will do body shots."

"Oh?"

"Off your groin," he completed. "You lie down on the table, with your legs together. A drink will be poured between your legs, and the customer will drink it off you. They still won't fuck you, and they still have the right to touch you however and wherever they want. Understood?"

"But that wasn't part of the deal," Deepika protested. "What would Anuj say?"

"We'll find out when he comes, but I doubt he would like paying for the drinks because you suddenly have a sense of moral," the manager threatened. "One more thing, you spilled some alcohol on the ground, and the waiters felt it's only fair to your under garments to clean up as much as possible. I'm sure nobody will complain with having a pretty young lady like you in the nude."

"Yes uncle," she agreed, feeling dejected. She stripped off her bra and panties, leaving her in just her heels.

Deepika could feel the eyes of everyone in the bar. Most focused on her perky breasts, and her tight dark ass. Several men whistled and cheered at the sight.

One of the customers was slightly disgusted at the sight of her pubic hair. Another patron, who happened to be a barber, agreed to shave it off. They took her outside the back of the bar for better light, near a water pump. The barber came out with lather made from soap and water, and applied it to her mound. Two men kept her legs apart for better application of the soap lather.

Deepika closed her eyes expecting the worse, only to find that it was already shaved off in a few seconds. He slapped vodka over her smooth cunt, and Deepika felt nothing. 'He was an excellent barber', she thought.

They took her naked body back inside the bar, directing her to lie down on the table. Communication between the locals and the NRI was a problem. The manager was just enjoying the show, and did not bother helping this poor girl. Her legs were closed together, though with her shaven pussy, her slit was visible. The shot was first poured by some fat 50 year old dark man. It appeared to whiskey as he poured it over her groin, until a puddle was formed over her snatch. He first kissed her, for a few seconds. He descended down her body, until he reached to her pussy, and slurped up the whiskey. He lapped up the remaining drink between her legs, making her moan, while everyone whistled. Her legs spread slowly, giving him better access, and collect any drop that might have seeped through her slit.

The next person was about to go up, until Anuj appeared out of nowhere and grabbed her from the table.

"Sorry I was late," Anuj apologized. "Zakir, told me to buy some clothes too. I left it in the bike, but only after our night is over. Where's your underwear?"

Deepika looked around to find the waiters were using it to unload their jizz in the cotton material. They couldn't resist an Indian teen being exploited by drunken men.

Anuj laughed, "There is no way I am letting you wear that on my bike."

"Does this place look like I carry any woman's clothing here?" The manager sarcastically replied.

"Please uncle," Deepika pleaded. "I'll get arrested if go out like this."

"I have nothing for you to wear," the manager replied. "Besides, what do you expect, dressing like some whore? My mistake, you're not a whore. They wear clothes! You're just walking around half naked, asking to be fucked."

"Surely you have something uncle," Anuj asked. They started discussing in Hindi on what to do, as its not a good idea to have her go out fully naked, leaving Deepika in the corner. The barber approached the two men, and offers a solution. The manager translates for Deepika.

"This young man says he has a spare pair of pants in his bike, he will give you his lungi to cover your body," the manager translated in English. "There is one condition."

"What is it?"

"You come with him to the bike as you are now," the manager spoke for the barber. "Only when he puts on his pants then you can have his lungi."

This bar is at the edge of town, with cars passing by. She wondered what was worse. Would it to be naked outside for a few minutes with the possibility of getting caught, or riding in the highway and definitely getting caught?

She agreed to the deal. Anuj wanted to have tea before they leave. They were given vada pav, and coffee on the house. She was made to sit on one of the waiters lap while eating. Anuj finished quickly and picked up the drinks. Deepika took a bit longer, on the account of the water groping her naked body. Plus every time she took sip of her coffee, some people were pouring their hard liquour in her coffee, making her slightly drunk. She finally chugged the drink as soon Anuj Called for her.

Deepika went outside with the barber. The barber opened the seat to reveal his pants. He dropped his lungi to the ground, revealing his boxers and his hardening cock. Assuming what he wants, she approaches him. She pulls his dick out of the boxers and starts stroking it. The barber starts kissing the first year student passionately, as she increases her handjob frequency. He grabs her ass, and squeezes it. Deepika notices on his face that he is about to cum, so she moves away while still holding on to his penis. The barber grunted while his sperm fell on to the ground. Anuj comes over to get Deepika. While she was picking up the lungi, the barber and Anuj were chatting. The barber types something on his phone, and high fives Anuj. Before he rides off on his scooter, he gives a kissing motion to Deepika.

Deepika ties the lungi to cover her body. It was enough to cover her breasts and stopped mid thigh. As she got on the bike, she asked Anuj what the two men were talking about.

"Not much really," Anuj explained. "He just wanted to know your full name so he could add you on Facebook and Snapchat."

"What!?" Deepika exclaimed in shock.

"Come on, it's only Facebook," he mocked. "Besides I didn't think it was a big deal, since you decided to jerk him off."

"I had to," Deepika angrily replied.

"No you didn't. He dropped his lungi on the ground. You just had to pick it up. Instead, you just went straight for his dick. Who is he to say no to a willing naked slut?"

Deepika had nothing to say back. Anuj was right. The barber only asked her to come with him to pick up his pant. A handjob was not part of the deal. Anuj chuckled as he started the bike, and left the bar.

Back in the City with the gang

Back in the library, were studying for their sessionals. After they were done, they packed up, and walked to the parking lot.. Zakir noticed Hridhya outside the library and walked up to her.

"Hey Hridhya," he greeted. "Sorry to bother you, but Deepika sent me this weird text."

He showed her the message about Deepika in her underwear.

"What about it," Hridhya asked.

"No reason. Just assuming you had something to do with it, since you 2 were the only girls who went to the bathroom."

"What, you like creeping on women to notice who goes out for a piss?"

"Before you get bitchy on me, I just want to say that awesome. You somehow managed to get her half naked in the middle of freaking college. Please tell me you did more."

"Seriously?" Hridhya asks in bewilderment.

"Yeah, what else did you do?"

Hridhya explained how she got her to masturbate with a dildo, and left her alone with the doors open. She also produced to him the wallet and keys she took from Deepika.

"You know if you go to the mall before it closes, you can get the key cut and keep the 2nd copy with you."

"And why would you tell me that?" Hridhya laughed.

"How much do you hate her?"

"I hate that bitch," she said, angrily. "Getting forced into sex by those clowns was one thing, but the moment my name got involved, why didn't she just admit it was her? For crying out loud, if she was raped like she claimed, then that's a better reason to tell someone. People would be more sympathetic, and I wouldn't be slut shamed like this. Why do you care?"

"These guys like fucking around with this bimbo so they can get their dicks wet," he explained. "I'm no exception, admittedly, but I don't just want to use her. I want to destroy her."

"You hate her that much?"

"Well it's a long story, but I could tell you probably tomorrow after classes at CCD," Zakir offered. "I would offer you come with us to the beach, but your curfew."

"Interesting way of asking someone out," Hridhya giggled. "I'll come, but only because I am curious to know the story. You're not my type."

"We'll see about that tomorrow," Zakir laughed. "I'll head off then. The guys want to spend the night with her."

"We have curfew though."

"Not tonight," Zakir affirmed. "I sent an email, pretending to be her mom, allowing her daughter to stay out overnight. The hostel has an email of someone I know from USA."

"Well played," Hridhya responded, impressed. "See you tomorrow."

Zakir and the rest of the guys rode off to surathkal beach, which is on the way to Mangalore. It'll be worth the 2 hour trip.

Surathkal beach

They finally left the city. While on the highway, the vibrating engine is still travelling through her clitoris, but the intensity lowered. The downside is that she wanted to cum badly to relieve the tension between her legs, but no force was enough to release her pent up horniness. Unlike the city the traffic was moving fine. It would be difficult for people to see her at the speed they were going.

Finally they stopped, and she was instructed to get off.

"Please can you give me a few more minutes?" she pleaded, while humping the seat, hoping to at least climax.

"And ruin my seat?" Anuj answered back. "Don't be an idiot."

As she got off the bike, Anuj pulls off the one piece of item that clothed her. He then pours some of the old monk over the lungi.

