Red Margaret And The Undead Sorceress
  Entry to: Month 23
By: William Abbot (2000-03-10)

(A Sword And Sorcery Sex Fantasy)

In the darkening evening skies over Dyn Eiden, it was common enough to see bats gliding silently over the trees, but on this night the shapes were much larger, and even the bats kept their distance. Dark creatures nearly the size of men perched in the highest branches of an old oak tree and folded their leathery wings. They chittered softly to one another, their simian faces grinning in the twilight as they peered down at the brightly lit windows of the Three Headed Dragon. Raucous laughter and other lively noise came from within. The creatures listened, one of them fingering the gossamer net rolled and bundled at its waist...

"More grog!" bellowed Red Margaret, slamming her tankard (empty now for the fourth time) down on the Dragon's stained and pitted bar. As the barman wordlessly refilled her cup, she wiped the froth from her upper lip on the back of one gauntleted hand, then wiped off the leather idly against her bare thigh.

Connor drained the last of his own cup and gazed admiringly at his new drinking companion. She had masses of red hair, most of which was tied back out of harm's way. Her biceps flexed in the firelight as she tipped her fifth tankard back, and the play of shadows made the muscles of her belly stand out like cobblestones. Her skin glistened with the warmth and the drink, and a great deal of it showed. Her chainmail shirt trailed to a few ragged links inches above her navel, and under it was just enough of the remnant of a threadbare linen shift to keep the loops of steel from chafing.

Another band of mail, hardly more than decorative, hung from studs on the wide leather belt slung low about her hips. Her calves were sheathed in great heavy boots, buttoned up the sides with brass studs that had been sharpened to glittering points. As Connor's gaze came to rest on her heels, hooked into a rung of the barstool, he became aware of her eyes steadily regarding the top of his head. He looked up into her face again, then on an impulse he leaned forward to kiss her. She parted her lips enough to savor the taste of his tongue for a moment, but when he raised a beefy hand to feel her womanliness through the chainmail, she planted her own hand against his helmeted forehead and pushed him back. He tumbled from his stool, the various pieces of his own armour clattering loudly as he landed on the floor.

"Sorry, Connor. The day I spread my thighs for any man is the day I hang up my axe for good."

Connor got to his feet again, picked up his horned helmet, and righted his stool. "A shame, Margaret. You'd do any man proud. You're in town looking for work, then?"

"Yes. I've gold enough in my purse for the moment, but I'm no lover of idleness."

"Well, there's a job to be had here, for sure. The king fears attack, and is recruiting every strong arm he can find."

"Attack from where? Saxons? Danes?"

"Worse, by the sound of it. Bat-winged demons conjured straight from Hell and an army conscripted from our own dead, if we're to believe what people are saying. A sorceress from across the loch is demanding tribute, and the king's refused her."

Red Margaret smiled. "Sounds like fun. I'll ask you to tell me all about it, but not just yet."

"No? Why not?"

"Can you swim, Connor?"

He furrowed his brow in puzzlement. "No... but what...?"

"I've a pressing need to make room for more grog, and if I let loose in here, I'll flood this establishment to the rafters."

Connor's frown deepened and he tipped his head to one side. The barman looked up from wiping out a tankard. "Ladies' privy's right over there, miss."

Connor's frown changed to a companionable grin, but Margaret curled her lip, raising herself to her full height of close to six feet to stare down at the barman in disgust. "You allow your patrons to relieve themselves indoors? Horses and cattle have gentler manners! I'll never understand city folk, though it does go some to way toward explaining the stench. No, I spied a ditch out back, and if you can hold your thoughts for just a moment, Connor, I shall take my leave to go and stand astride it." She picked up the great double-headed axe leaning against the bar and began threading the handle through iron rings in the harness across her back. As she strode away, Connor jumped up from his stool and hurried after her. 

"I'll join you," he said. "I've a bladder fit to burst, myself."

Margaret pushed open the back door, already loosening the handsbreadth of doeskin that covered her beneath the girdle of chainmail. She turned to look back at Connor as they stepped out into the moonlight. "You know," she said, "Precious few of life's pleasures can compare to a good piss when you most need..." but her comment was cut short. From the stillness of the yard all about them, fine threads of netting suddenly rose up. The trees erupted into inhuman chittering as Connor tumbled forward, colliding with Margaret's back as she, too, lost her footing. The net cinched tight and they found themselves swaying gently in the air, immobilized.

"Connor! What...?" Margaret tried to get her hands to her weapons, but could only struggle helplessly.

"Ye Gods, it's the demons!" Connor's voice came from somewhere underneath her. "It can be no other! Come to round us all up before the king can gather his army."

The wings began to stir now-not in silent gliding, but with a great booming cacophony as they beat at the air, hauling the netted cargo into the sky. Connor twisted his sword arm this way and that, and found he could just get his fingers around the pommel, but drawing the sword from its scabbard was quite impossible. He settled back and tried to make himself as comfortable as he could for the ride. He was head down with his feet toward the sky and Margaret sitting half on his chest and half on his face. She was still struggling in the net's grip. The vicious studs of her boots dug into his arm, and the chainmail around her hips began to pinch the hairs of his beard.

"Thor's blue balls, woman! Just relax and hold still! Your armour's flaying me skin from bone."

"I'd be still if I could, Connor, but I'm contending mightily with my bladder just now."

"Oh." Connor considered this as he looked up at her, one eye pressed closed against the back of her thigh and the rings of mail against her backside leaving dents in his cheek. "That's all right, then."

Margaret found she could work one of her hands to the dagger at her waist and then tease it this way and that until it slid free, but by now they were hundreds of feet in the air. Cutting themselves free was out of the question. With her other hand, she reached down to grab hold of the doeskin tucked under her belt. She pulled it tight so that it dug into her, quieting for a moment the fierce urgency she felt. She breathed deeply once, then again, and was able to still herself at last, ignoring the painful fullness as she would any other pain.

They each wriggled about a bit more, adjusting their positions until Margaret was no longer sitting directly on Connor's face. "Is that any better?" she asked.

"Aye," Connor said. His head rested comfortably now between Margaret's knees. The scent of her was heady in his nostrils, and as the net swayed this way and that, moonlight played across her shadowed thighs, sometimes illuminating the soft leather that she twisted and tugged deeply into the fold of her flesh. The light was too dim to make out the color of the pale wisps that escaped to either side; he could only speculate that they were as red as the rest. In spite of himself, he stiffened in his kilt.

Ten or twenty minutes in the air brought them across the loch, visible below them as a dark slit through the mountains, and then down towards the looming edifice of half-ruined battlements. The winged creatures circled down to the flat roof of a tower at the north end, beating their wings furiously to slow their descent. They set their squirming bundle down with a heavy thump. One of the creatures leaned down to grin at Connor with its monkey face. Margaret's knife was ready and she was slicing through the net before they'd even touched down, but the fibers were tough and the slit she'd made was hardly big enough for a fox before the creatures had flung open a trap door in the roof and shoved the two of them over the edge. The rope snapped taught again, and she and Connor were lowered hand-over-leathery-hand down into pitch-darkness. They settled to the floor and the rope fell about them as the door slammed shut high overhead.

Quickly, Margaret cut them the rest of the way free. They scrambled to their feet and stood back-to-back, weapons drawn, waiting for their eyes to adjust to the gloom. Over the sound of Connor's breath, ragged with fear, she could hear faint scrabbling sounds all around them in the blackness. She held herself still, or as close to still as she could with her bladder so near to bursting. They waited, poised to strike, but when at last they could see, they found themselves alone save for a few rats.

Connor put up his sword. "Well," he said, "Been waiting a while to do this." He lifted the hem of his chainmail tunic to his waist and pulled aside his kilt, walking over to the corner of the room where a few bits of straw were heaped up.

"Connor!" shouted Margaret. "I'd though better of you than that."

Connor looked up, confused for a moment, poised but not yet flowing, and then remembered what she was objecting to. "Oh, right. Sorry." With himself and his armour still in hand, he walked over to one of the narrow slit windows and there sent his water arcing out into the night. Any sound that it made splattering below was lost on the winds.

He sighed with relief and turned to see Margaret pacing back and forth, hunched over slightly, one hand pressed between her legs. She looked up at him. "As a rule," she said, "I feel that men's parts are vastly overrated. I've always said I need a fifth limb on my body like I'd need a fifth wheel on my cart. But just now I confess it would make life easier."

Connor frowned again, tucking himself back in. "Don't be daft, Margaret. Use the straw. Do you want to wait forever?"

"I'm not past the limits of endurance yet, but I don't mean just to pace the floor waiting." She hefted her axe and inspected the door, which was heavy oak, hinged and bolted on the outside. She swung her axe at it, bringing up a few splinters. Her second swing gouged out a few more, and soon she'd carved a deep groove alongside the handle. It was a lengthy job, each fall of the axe loud and echoing among the quiet stones. Connor took a turn at it for a while, leaving Margaret to stand with legs crossed or pace behind him. She took the axe again for the last few cuts and finally the edge of the door shattered and gave way under one last blow. The door swung loose.

There were a dozen or so armed figures standing just outside.

Quickly and with practiced grace, Connor and Margaret dropped to an offensive stance, Conner crouching with drawn sword, and Margaret as pikeman, shielding him and also swinging her axe in wide, crushing arcs.

The enemy closed in, moving awkwardly, almost jerkily, and when Margaret's axe cleaved through the first one's helmet, she saw why. They were skeletal. She'd opened his skull like a boiled egg, but inside it was empty and the damage barely slowed him down. Her second pass severed the neck and sent the skull rolling away down the hall, but the bony arms kept flailing. A third sweep cleaved right through the rib cage, and with that, the soldier finally fell, bones and armour clanging to the floor in disarray.

A second and a third of the skeletons fell before them. The undead fought clumsily, and soon Connor was hacking at the last one, already headless and armless, until the rib cage toppled over as one piece, leaving the legs and pelvis to stagger for a few steps until they, too, collapsed to the floor.

He turned to see Margaret, doubled over and clutching herself. "Margaret? Are you wounded?"

"No, Connor. I'm unhurt. But I'm strongly inclined to let go a little of my pride." She looked at him with a pained and embarrassed smile.

"I'll tell no one if you do."

"No, I'll hold on. If I piss myself in the heat of battle, that's one thing, but I'll not just quietly let go all over the floor. Besides, if that's the worst they can throw at us, we'll be outside soon enough."

"Come this way, then. I see the stairs over here."

They made their way down the spiraling stone steps until they were at ground level, facing another door. This one did not appear to be locked, and Connor placed his ear against it, listening for activity beyond. "It seems quiet. Shall we proceed?"

"Freya's ample bosom, Connor! I'm bursting at the seams!" She elbowed past him, pushing the door open.

They emerged into the castle's great hall, empty and in disrepair but still grand in its proportions, with a vaulted ceiling and a colonnade of arches along either side. Moonlight filtered in through high windows, some of them still glazed. The air smelled of dust and ashes. Margaret and Connor trotted out into the silence, their boot heels against the flagstones echoing loudly under the high ceilings. There were heavy doors at the far end standing slightly ajar, with a hint of moonlight beyond. A courtyard? They were halfway across when they noticed the figure lurking in the deep shadows by the doors, watching them. As she stepped out into a shaft of moonlight, they stopped, weapons ready. Connor's breath caught in his throat.

"Ye Gods! It's the sorceress herself!"

The woman was small of stature, and unlike Margaret, she had the body of a pampered princess, as soft and roundly sensual as the other was hard with muscle and sinew. Her dress-a simple drape over the shoulders, sleeveless, belted at the waist and long enough to brush the ground-was of some dark material, but so sheer that the whiteness of her body showed through it, especially where the moonlight caught the swell of her full, luxurious breasts. Even in the faint light, her skin showed unnaturally pale, almost blue.

"You've cost me a dozen of my soldiers!" Her sudden voice was shrill and harsh in the vast silence of the hall. "But when I've roasted the flesh from your bones, you'll make worthy replacements."

She raised a reed-thin staff, Margaret and Conner dropped into fighting stance again, hoping to rush at her before the woman could fire off a spell. 

They advanced a step, but Margaret heard sounds behind them and turned to see three more of the hollow knights closing in on them from behind. 

"Connor!" she called. "Watch your back!" She swung viciously at one of the skeletons, shattering it with her blade, and then slammed the butt of the axe into another, knocking it back for a moment.

Connor rushed forward at the sorceress. Her staff looked too light and flimsy to make much of a weapon, but she lashed out with it like a whip and when it connected with Connor's sword, his blade shattered in an explosion of blue sparks. Conner stopped, bewildered for a moment, and the staff spun through the air again, this time coming down on his head. More sparks, and his helmet split in two, the pieces rolling onto his shoulder and then to the ground, but Connor's bare head was unharmed. The staff bounced off of living flesh without leaving a mark. Whatever magic it was, evidently the blue sparks destroyed only metal.

Still, Connor felt suddenly woozy, seeing stars even after the sparks had faded. He didn't even see the staff coming at him for the third time, only heard the whoosh as it sliced the air and slammed him square on the side of his head. The blow raised only the tiniest welt, but the sparks flew again and Connor's eyes lost all focus. His mouth sagged open, he began to stumble forward a step and then fell heavily to the floor, bloodying his nose against the stones, and lay still.

Margaret smashed apart the last of the skeletal fighters, crushing with her heel a few finger bones that were still pulling at the hilt of a sword, and then turned to see just as Connor fell. She stood for a moment, out of breath, glaring at the sorceress over the glinting edge of her axe. The urgency of her bladder had settled down again into a dull ache, no worse than Conner's head would feel tomorrow.

Then, with an angry yell, she charged at the witch, swinging to slice her in two, but her axe met the staff again and the sharpened bronze disintegrated, spraying around them both in a shower of little metal fragments along with the dying sparks. Only the handle connected, knocking the smaller woman almost off her feet. Margaret advanced again, using her axe handle like a quarterstaff, but the pale princess fought with skill and surprising speed. Blue sparks danced between them with every crack of weapon against weapon, and the wood of the axe handle charred and blackened where they touched.

Margaret's gloved hands began to tingle and then to feel numb. When the staff whirring down at her from above, she tried to block it but found her arms leaden. She jumped back a step, and the end of the staff grazed the front of her chainmail shirt, ripping the steel like cheap cloth. Steel rings popped, a few of them landed ringing against the stone floor, and the mail fell open like an unlaced bodice. Again, the staff cut only metal. Her breasts were loosened, but still with the sweat-damp linen clinging to her skin. The staff kept whirling as the sorceress spun round, pirouetting like a dancer, letting the momentum of one attack carry her into the next. Margaret's sluggish hands dropped the heavy oaken axe handle, but then she rushed at the smaller woman mid-swoop, ducking under the staff and slamming her shoulder into the woman's gut. The momentum carried them both to the floor, with Margaret on top and the staff rolling away, just out of reach.

Her hands closed around the sorceress's throat, the pale blue skin luxuriously soft but cold, like silk sheets on a frosty night. She squeezed, choking her for long minutes, but the sorceress continued thrashing about angrily, beating at Margaret's face and chest and scratching her arms. Had she no need of breath? Margaret drew back a fist and punched her once, then again, splitting a lip that did not bleed. Had she no blood? How does one kill such a creature? She reached back for the dagger at her belt, but as she did so, the witch wriggled out from under her just enough to get her pale fingers around the very end of her staff again, and as Margaret raised her knife, the staff lashed across her back.

More steel rings popped and went flying. Her vision went blurry and the floor seemed to pitch like the deck of a ship. Her hands went slack, the knife fell harmlessly to the ground, and she felt herself soak the little strip of doeskin. Her water spurted out the sides and came streaming down her thighs. She slumped forward, the witch still pinned beneath her, and she heard the creature scream, "You cursed wench!"

Fighting to stay conscious, she pushed herself back up onto hands and knees. Still flowing uncontrollably, she shook her head, red hair tumbling loose about her face. Then her vision cleared a little. She tightened the muscles of her loins, stemming the tide, and then pushed herself upright so she was kneeling astride her adversary. Steam was rising from the creature, who seemed to be changing shape. Margaret got to her feet quickly, recoiling from the inexplicable sensation.

"Look what you've done!" hissed the witch, and then wailed, "I'm melting! Mellltinnng! Oh, what a world, what a world. Who would have thought that a mortal woman like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness." Her voice trailed off to nothing with the words "I'm going..." and as Margaret watched, the sorceress's whole body dissolved to nothing, until only the shear silk dress lay there, still hissing and sputtering slightly.

Margaret stared, dumbfounded for a moment, and then the practicality of a warrior took over again and she set about finishing the job. She reached under her chainmail girdle and unfastened (at last) that strip of doeskin, now wringing wet, and then walked back to where the sorceress had been. She planted her feet wide to either side of the steaming dress, hunkered down slightly, and eased her bladder again, adjusting the angle of her hips to soak the entire garment.

As Connor came slowly back to consciousness, he opened his eyes to the sight of Margaret pissing. He grinned broadly as he sat up, in spite of the pain. "Now there's a fair sight," he said. "A woman takin' her ease where she can. Did we win, then?"

"Aye, that we did," she answered, grinning back at him and pissing unabated. The splashing at her feet grew louder as the puddle spread and deepened, and Connor raised an appreciative eyebrow. She was a little surprised herself at the capacity of her own bladder. When her fountain finally slowed and trickled to a stop, she straightened up and wrung the excess liquid out of the doeskin. Then she walked a few steps to one side, squatted, and let go another half-pint or so to run in rivulets across the flagstones and pool in the cracks.

Connor stood painfully and looked around, taking in the wreckage of the skeletal warriors. "Where's the sorceress, then?"

"Seems she couldn't swim, either."

The undead legions stopped harrying the king after that, and the flying monkeys were never seen again. Margaret and Connor brought the staff and the dress (rinsed clean in the loch, first) as proof that they'd killed the wicked sorceress, and were paid handsomely, though both of them, when pressed to relate the story, were a little vague in describing exactly how they'd done it. 
