The Joke
  Entry to: Month 8
By: Bob (1997-09-25)

(This doesn't quite hit dead center on your premise, but it is pretty close and I thought I'd throw it in for what it's worth. I had fun putting it together, anyway. Perhaps in the future you might expand to two pictures, as there are many available of the same subject in more or less "before and after" situations. Just a thought.)

Now, you gotta understand, the picture was a total stroke of luck. I mean, Marcia was never into kinky stuff or peeing games or anything like that. Oh, she liked her sack time all right, but pretty straight and normal. At least until then.

Marcia and I had been going together for most of a year when the picture was taken. I sometimes wonder what she saw in me, 'cause she's sort of sophisticated and acts a little stuck up until you get to know her, and I'm a bit more laid back kind of dude. She's a hairdresser, and a damn good one, from what I hear. But she's pretty no-nonsense, and although she chats pleasantly enough with her customers, it's pretty reserved and never boistrous.

Sometimes I wish she had a bit more humor in her character. She doesn't care for movies so I can't warm her up with a good comedy.

The only time I really see her laugh heartily is when we go dancing. You'd think she would be into opera or something like that, but her real passion is country-western. She'll get dressed in her boots and jeans and can line-dance with the best of them, and have a roaring good time, then the next day it's all business and you'd hardly guess it was the same woman. She always dresses very chic at her job--looks like a big business executive or something. She is the co-owner of the salon, and her professional air does get her some big-time clients.

Well, I had arranged with my little weekly paper to get some shots of her at work for a little business article, and Marcia was all for it 'cause it would be like free advertising, after all. The plan was to go to her salon and shoot a series of stills of her working. She was well prepared, having scheduled a particularly amiable client who was more than happy to be in the project.

By the time I arrived, however, Marcia was in a bit of a funk. She had gotten behind schedule because the previous client had made all kinds of time-consuming demands, and so had missed her break. When I arrived she told me she just wanted to get this over with so she could get caught up and take her break and hit the loo, but she could wait so let's go.

Well, despite this mood I got some decent shots of her seriously doing her magic with the clippers and gooey stuff, but I wanted a couple of shots at least of her smiling and not looking so damned serious, but she would have none of it.

Suddenly I remembered the joke I had heard the day before that had cracked me up, and of all things it concerned one of her favorite stars. Her customer had made it apparent by earlier conversation that she was a most affable and somewhat earthy type who wouldn't be offended, so I told Marcia I wanted to tell them a joke to try to get a smile out of her, and whether or not it worked I'd leave right after.

"Fine with me," she said, "but I'm not guaranteeing anything."

"Well," I began, "this is about a biker chick who went into a tattoo parlor..." Monica rolled her eyes. Her customer tittered.

"She asked the tattoo guy if he could do a good likeness of famous people, and he said 'You bet--I can make it like a photo of anyone you want.' Well, what she wanted was Paul Newman on the inside of her right thigh and Robert Redford on the inside of her left thigh."

Marcia groaned. Her customer gave a little laugh. Marcia shifted her weight to the other foot, and ever so slightly crouched.

"The tattoo guy said he could do it, but she'd have to strip from the waist down, so she did and he went to work. An hour and a half later he handed her a mirror to inspect his work. She was incensed! 

'That is a terrible job--nobody would recognize them,' she bawled.

'What do you mean?' he retorted. 'That's a perfect likeness. Look, I'll prove it. We'll grab the first guy coming down the street and ask him who they are. I guarantee he'll recognize them.'

'He better,' the biker chick said, 'or I ain't paying you one cent for this job.'

Marcia was still looking a bit peeved, but she obviously wanted to hear the rest of the joke. Her customer was all ears. Marcia had been been shifting her weight from one foot to the other frequently, and it appeared she had to go more than she had let on.

"The first guy to come down the street was a bit under the weather, but he looked capable of recognizing Paul Newman. 'Hey, buddy, can you help us out here--who are these famous people?' The biker chick spread her legs wide, and the drunk stared.

After a pause, he said, 'well, I don't know who two of 'em are, but the one in the middle is Willie Nelson.'"

As I hit the punchline I had hoped to catch a nice smile on Marcia's face, and so had the camera ready. Her customer was laughing loudly, and that was probably the straw that broke the camel's back. Marcia laughed so hard she peed herself, right there on the floor! I got the shot as she was doubling over laughing, the piss running down her legs and making a puddle beneath her.

Needless to say, I couldn't use the picture in the article, but the negative is in a safe place, and now Marcia dances especially sexy every time they play a Willie Nelson tune.
