The Origins of Infinite Capacity-17

Author: Splashfics

17. Perigee

Unsurprisingly, Chandra had low expectations for the Summer holidays. She'd been steeling herself for Jade's departure, so that she was now gone was hardly unexpected, but the manner of how it happened that day stayed with her for a good while. It took some time for the feeling of having had the rug pulled out from under her to fully pass and so she was grateful for her aunt's lively presence to help boost her spirits in the remaining few weeks in West London. Several evenings were spent in the famous company of Carmela's ‘besties’ Czar-Czar and Figgy and the exuberant triumvirate did their best to get their charge walking tall again.

On Chandra's last night, they threw her a leaving soiree and made sure that at no point during the evening would Chandra's hand be without a glass of something ‘strong and fizzy’. As a result, Chandra found herself quite the worse for wear by the end of the night, but full of contentment as she thought back over the past six months. Better than ever, she knew what she was made of and what she was capable of on her own, but crucially she knew that she had friends and that she, too could be her own beacon of light, to truly bedazzle all who might ever care to gaze her way... Although, of course, she had had quite a few...

‘Sweetie, it's been absolutely fabulous having you here, I don't know what I'll do without you. You will come back and visit me, of course - and that's an order, not a request!’

‘Of course, you've been wonderful, Carmela. Thank you so much for having me.’

Chandra hugged her aunt and received several applications of her lipstick all over her cheeks, then waved as hard as she could from the passenger seat as she and her mum pulled away. Her West London adventure was over for now and as they drove through the capital’s streets, Chandra gazed fondly at the landmarks and locations she'd previously frequented. With a grin as they passed a familiar newsagents, she wondered if the shop-keeper ever managed to figure out what had happened in his alleyway that cold January night. She imagined him trying to explain himself to the council when they eventually showed up and she snorted out loud.

‘What's so funny?’ Ms Brook asked from the driver’s seat.

‘Oh... just good times...’ Chandra replied and she smiled all the way home.

One of the first things Chandra did when she arrived home, before reacquainting herself with the town, or even unpacking her suitcase, was to check her inbox. She'd created a brand new email address on Carmela's PC the day after reading Jade's letter and had checked it every day, at every opportunity, hopeful of a reply from her best friend. Once again though, her heart sank as she found no new mail.

Hearing her daughter's sigh all the way from the kitchen, Ms Brook turned the kettle on straight away and a moment later, brought her in a mug of tea. Chandra had told her mum about Jade and it was obvious to her that her daughter was quite sore over her lack of correspondence.

‘Not heard from her yet?’ she asked, handing over the hot drink.

‘No... But her family's probably not settled in yet, so..?

Chandra trailed off. They both took a sip of tea, then after a short silence, Ms Brook seemed to remember something.

‘Oh, Sara was here the other day? she mentioned brightly.

Chandra sat rigid in her chair, staring at her mother.

‘She what?’

She could hardly hide her disbelief.

‘Oh, she was just passing she said. But she also said you didn't tell her you were moving away. I remember you two were as thick as thieves once upon a time..?

Ms Brook again sipped her tea.

‘Maybe you could pop by and see her?’ she suggested innocently.

Chandra tried to bite her tongue. She knew her mother was unaware...

'Hmm, nah..!' she replied after a moment, fighting to keep the sarcasm out of her voice. 'I think I’ll wait four months first - Don't want to look too eager or anything!’

It really was a non-starter for Chandra. She'd rather have wet herself again a thousand times, or spent the rest of the summer sleeping in the cemetery before she went looking for those two again. But she did wonder what it was that had finally brought Sara to her house. And if she was looking to be friends again, what on earth might have happened while she'd been away. In any case, Chandra wasn't about to go seeking out trouble. If Sara - or Cordelia for that matter, wanted to speak to her they knew where she lived. They could come to her. As fate would transpire however, she was ultimately given no choice over the matter.

One scorching afternoon a week later, Chandra was out stretching her legs in town when she noticed a vaguely recognisable figure approaching from a distance. Her long, black hair and slender frame were familiar, but her clothes clearly belonged on somebody else... As soon as she realised it was indeed Sara she was looking at, she became aware that she was being eyed herself and panicked. Sara craned her neck dramatically in Chandra's direction as if to express her surprise and by then it was too late. Despite the fine bush growing by the side of the pavement, into which she could have easily thrown herself, Chandra decided there was nothing she could do but face the music and power on.

‘My gosh! Chandra, is that you!’ Sara asked, raising her Ray-Ban sunglasses to peer upon the rare sight of her old spar.

‘Knew it was you as soon as I saw you!’ she crowed, delighted with herself, although she would have been greatly helped by the fact that the last time Chandra updated her wardrobe they were still best friends...

‘It's... Nice to see you back...’ Sara continued, smiling awkwardly and adjusting her hair.

The air was extremely tense and Sara was clearly uncomfortable. Chandra's eyes narrowed.

'I wish I could say the same...’ she replied, averting her gaze from Sara's face to focus on a nearby lamp post.

She felt her heart begin to race, unsure what she was hoping to achieve with such an uncharacteristically cold remark. Sara's fidgeting intensified and she continued to battle with her wispy bangs. Neither of them spoke for a moment and Chandra wondered if she should take the opportunity to just keep on walking, but then Sara found her voice.

‘Ch- Chandra I'm...’ she stuttered. ‘I'm really sorry...’

Chandra's eyes widened and her head pulsed, but she still couldn't look at Sara.

‘I'm sorry for getting you kicked out of school... I swear I had no idea she was going to do that... And we thought you were going to come running out straight away. I didn't think you'd get caught, that was...’

‘Oh yeah that was a bonus, right?’ Chandra interrupted, cutting her eye in Sara's direction.

‘No, I promise I didn't want you to get caught!’

Sara's voice was on the verge of cracking and Chandra felt her fire dampened as a consequence, but forced herself to continue looking away.

‘I've been feeling guilty all year. I went to see you but your mum said you moved?

Hearing this, Chandra suddenly felt her blood start to boil again.

‘You took your sweet time though, didn't you? Bloody hell, Sara. I thought I meant more to you than that?

Sara cringed in reaction to Chandra's prickly words.

‘That was just so we didn't-’ she started, but then cut herself off mid-sentence. ‘I'm really sorry...’

‘Yeah, well...’ Chandra sighed, unable to keep having a go. ‘It happened now and things turned out alright in the end, so you don't have to worry?

She was somewhat weary of hearing Sara apologise again, so decided to drop the matter for now.

‘What are you up to anyway? You're not still doing your exams are you?’

‘Oh, no. We're finished now. Today's actually the sixth-form leavers do!’ Sara advised, brightening up all of a sudden. ‘Teachers are doing us a barbecue on the quad at Poplar...’

She then trailed off again, realising she might be treading on sensitive ground.

‘It's alright, I know I'm obviously not invited...’ said Chandra ruefully. ‘Sounds like fun though. Hope you enjoy it.’

As she moved to start walking away, Sara stopped her suddenly, keen not to let her slip through her fingers.

‘Um, hey! Actually, if you're up for it...’ she said, staring desperately at Chandra and then biting her lip. ‘I'm hosting something at my house later. It’d be nice to have you there... You know, for old times' sake...’

She continued to stare and Chandra felt like her eyes might soon burn a hole through her head. She should have laughed Sara's offer away and continued walking, but she just wasn't able to decline outright.

‘I'm not sure, Sara,’ she finally replied. 'I'll have to have a think about it...’

‘Okay, well you know where to go. Any time from seven, yeah?’

Sara's hopeful voice followed her over her shoulder and Chandra had the distinct impression that she was still standing there in the middle of the pavement looking at her long after she had gone...

Chandra walked and walked till her feet started to ache and then she walked some more.

‘This is crazy... Why ami even considering this..!'

She’d been aggressively cursing under her breath the entire afternoon. After hours of stalking around the neighbourhood trying to think of reasons to go home and stay home that evening, she was still outdoors long after the sky had turned orange.

‘I've only been back a week and already..!'

Every time she found herself unconsciously warming to the idea of attending Sara’s afterbarbecue party, it was like she needed to punish herself by staying outside even longer and deliberately cutting into the time she’d need to get ready. But she couldn’t get over what Sara had said. Not only was she shocked to have bumped into her, but to have received an apology... It defied everything she’d built up in her head the entire year. To be fair to Sara, she was reasonably convincing and given enough time, Chandra might be able to forgive her, but before she could even contemplate walking back into Sara's arms, she had to be sure of Cordelia's whereabouts. Her absence earlier gave her hope that maybe, just maybe, she had been thoroughly exorcised from the world and was no longer present in the earthly realm, but if by some chance she was still strutting around among the living and worse still, actually manifested at Sara's house, Chandra would be putting herself in great jeopardy. But surely Sara would have said something, or not invited her at all if there was any chance of that. She couldn't be so oblivious that she'd overlook such a massive potential sticking point.

‘Hang on, of course she bloody could!' Chandra moaned as she arrived back home.

Ms Brook was in the living room watching something on the telly and Chandra joined her, plunking herself down beside her on the settee.

‘You’ve been out a while, love.’ Ms Brook said mildly, looking over at the worn out bundle of limbs that was her daughter.

‘A letter came for you earlier, it’s in the kitchen. Oh and there’s some supper on the stove as well if you fancy it?

Chandra barely caught the last bit, as she was already in the kitchen searching for her letter. Nothing ever came in the post for her and still not having heard from Jade, she was rather keen to see what it was.

Sitting on the kitchen table was a fancy looking envelope with Chandra’s name and address elegantly scrawled upon it in dark blue ink - Carmela’s calling card! Snatching it up immediately, Chandra opened up the letter with excitement.

Inside, she found a short note from her aunt, which she gave a quick scan.

---

Dear Chandra,

I wasn't able to have these developed before you left. They're a few snaps from our last little shindig at the house and I thought we all looked ever so lovely, it would've been a shame for you not to see them!

Make sure you send my regards to Jade if you've managed to get in contact with her - and your darling mum, of course.

I do hope you're settling in well back home. The girls and I all miss you loads.

Warm Regards and great big hugs,

Your Aunty Carmela x

---

Chandra slid out the enclosed photos with a massive grin on her face. Far from 'lovely', she thought she looked as drunk as a skunk in every single one, but as she flipped through them, she remembered how very invincible she'd felt that night and her mind was finally made up.

‘Oh... I'm going to regret this.. !' she mused wryly and returned to the living room.

After thanking her mum for the supper, but letting her know she wasn't going to be needing any, she gave her a kiss on the head and skipped upstairs to get changed.

‘Start as you mean to go on, I suppose!' she thought, trying to channel her inner Carmela and went to rummage in her wardrobe for a certain pair of boots she hadn't worn in months.

Dressed up as close to the nines as she could possibly manage, Chandra gazed in the mirror, extravagantly puffing out her chest and mimicking her aunt's perfect posture. In honesty, she'd need to channel more than Carmela's formidable bust tonight though and hoped she'd be able to find some of the equally formidable and unwavering confidence she held in abundance within it.

‘Best of luck, Sweetie. You look fabulous!’ she said out loud, then kissed her reflection on both cheeks and set off into the evening.

With Jade on her feet and Carmela in her heart, Chandra boldly marched down her road. Seven months after being flung away so unceremoniously into exile, she was now careening back towards the place it all began. Entirely ignoring the lessons she'd learned the last two times she'd kicked off an evening on Poplar Crescent, she was going to do it again, rocking up at Sara's door, ready to let fate have its wicked way with her.

The gravelled drive at number three was populated by several cars Chandra didn't recognise and judging by the loud music and raised voices coming from inside the house, things were already well under way. She eyed the doorbell, unable to lift her arm to press it and stood swaying on the doorstep for an embarrassingly long moment, until she eventually heard the footsteps of another guest crunching down the drive from the main road.

‘Ah, is nobody answering?’ The friendly voice chuckled from behind her back.

‘Here, I’ll let you i-’

As Chandra stepped out of the way to let him past, she realised who it was and so did he.

‘Chandra! Wow! Well that's a turn up for the books, who knew you were back!’

Sara's younger, but no less mature brother stood gaping at the sight of Chandra Brook on his own doorstep.

‘Hi, Mateo...’ Chandra murmured, shocked to see him here, but remembering suddenly that it made complete sense as this was where he lived.

‘How are you?’ she asked, also remembering her near emotional breakdown the last time they'd seen each other and feeling her ears start to get warm.

‘I could certainly be worse!’ he responded brightly, readjusting the twelve-pack of beer and the large carton of wine he was carrying under his arms. ‘How about you? How long have you been back?’

Despite Chandra's nagging guilt, she had the impression that Mateo wasn't bearing any grudges from their little spat last year. Lowering her guard, she filled him in on her earlier encounter with Sara and how she'd surprisingly invited her along this evening..

‘I don't know what I'm doing here, to be honest!’ she laughed, but Mateo looked very pleased.

‘No! It's great that you're here! Just need to get yourself warmed up, that's all...’

He drew Chandra's attention to the carton of wine and clicked his tongue.

‘Drat, no cups! We'll have to go inside after all then, eh!’

‘Of course, Mateo...’ Chandra sneered cynically and stepped aside to allow Mateo access to the front door.

Placing the carton on the ground so he could reach into his blazer pocket and grab his key, he stepped forward and Chandra took a deep, nervous breath.

‘Be Carmela... Be Carmela..!'

Popping out her chest again, she stood as straight as she could and forced the fear from her face. Mateo got the front door open and leant into it awkwardly with his load of beverages.

'In you come!' he advised cheerily and so Chandra followed him inside.

The Dalis' house was as splendid and palatial as Chandra always remembered. Viscerally reminded by her surroundings of times gone by, she suddenly felt her stomach twist, but she battled through it and made her way across the entrance hall to the kitchen. One or two of Mateo's friends greeted him as he came in and Chandra felt sharply that it would only be a matter of time before someone or other recognised her from school. Pre-empting any speculation though, Mateo did all the work for her.

'Here, boys, look who it is. This is Chandra Brook

- she's a legend!'

‘Yeah?’ laughed one of the boys, while the other looked on expectantly.

Clearly they were very receptive to Mateo and his banter. Chandra was wondering what the hell he had in mind by introducing her like this and tried to keep her bewilderment in check.

‘Yeah, she's the one who got expelled for getting absolutely wasted and breaking into school last year. Absolute legend!’

Chandra had no idea why the boys were so impressed, but she had to hand it to Mateo. While she didn't particularly want a reputation as a raving drunkard, anything but the unpleasant truth in this situation was more than welcome and the less they knew of it, the better.

‘You're a madman...’ she laughed under her breath, fanning Mateo away.

But all of a sudden the boys in the kitchen were very interested to hear about the celebrity in their midst.

‘Really...? It was you?’

‘Did you really get expelled?’

‘Whoa, how cool is that?’

Not sure how to handle her fame, Chandra was a bit overwhelmed by all the questions, but thankfully Mateo, again stepped in to assist.

‘Give her some air, boys. She hasn't even had a drink yet.’

He moved to stand by the plethora of alcoholic beverages on the counter top and invited Chandra to come and take her pick.

‘Erm, well, I guess since I’m me, I'll just have all of these then.’ she said, pointing at the twelve-pack Mateo had put down.

‘You don't have a bucket I can drink it from, do you?’

Pretending for a moment that she was serious, she went along with the joke and was pleased to get a good laugh out of her audience, but made sure to clarify that she didn't actually have a drink problem - at least when it came to alcohol anyway...

‘Only joking, one will do, thanks Mateo.’

‘I'll get you a cold one from the fridge...’

Mateo went to retrieve the beer and Chandra felt herself calming down.

‘Sofarsogood...’ she thought as she received her drink.

Cracking it open and taking a sip, Chandra focused on remaining calm while Mateo poked his head round the door and shouted his sister’s name upstairs.

‘Faraaaaah!’

A few moments passed without a response, although with the music so loud it would have been difficult to hear anything one way or the other. Mateo pulled his head back round the door and caught Chandra's eye.

‘Hang on a sec, I'll go get her.’

And the next second he dashed off into the house.

Chandra sipped her drink and made small talk with Mateo's friends for a while. They were still quite keen to hear about her exploits, so she did her best to entertain them without egging them on too much and found that it was almost as easy talking to them as it was to Mateo.

Another moment later, at the top of the stairs on the landing, it seemed there was some kind of commotion. Chandra had a strong impression that she could hear her name being repeated and felt her pulse start to race slightly. Interrupting her conversation momentarily, she too popped her head around the kitchen door to have a look at what was going on and caught a glimpse of a remorseful looking Mateo peering down. He was standing a couple of feet away from his sister who, from the back, seemed to be in a very heated conversation with somebody. The pit, rapidly opening up in the bottom of Chandra's stomach was leading her to believe she knew exactly who that person was...

Her voice hadn't changed and neither had she. Cordelia was clearly the same poisonous bully she had always been. Sara seemed to be pleading with her about something and despite ‘Ready Salted’ Jess getting in the way with her inane giggling, finally, she appeared to be willing to agree to whatever had been requested of her.

‘Fine! Fine!' she conceded and moved calmly to the top of the stairs with Sara and Jess close behind her.

Chandra stared up at her from the kitchen doorway and not yet having been spotted, contemplated making a run for it while she could. Somehow, Cordelia had managed to fill out even further and almost looked comically intimidating as she sauntered down the steps and into the hallway. Unable to face her, Chandra spun back inside the kitchen where she sidled up against the wall.

‘What the hell?’

Mateo's friends, watching the scene unfold, with no idea why Chandra would suddenly do something so strange, wore their curiosity on their sleeve and made no attempt to play down the fact that she was hiding behind the frame of the door. Chandra knew it was a silly thing to do as she was only drawing attention to herself, but like a moth to a flame, she was apt, once again to precipitate her own downfall.

‘Is Chunderpants actually hiding? This is too good!’

Cordelia stood just outside the doorway, laughing in her trademark derisive manner. Chandra felt herself deflating. Cordelia had her on toast and they hadn't even made eye contact yet.

‘Wait, what did she call you?’

To add fuel to the fire, Mateo's chums had now caught wind of Chandra's unfortunate nickname...	‘Chunder-pants? What the hell?’

They laughed for a moment until they saw the look on Chandra's face and then changed their tune entirely when Cordelia, Sara and Jess entered the room.

Cordelia never failed to grab the attention of every body present wherever she went and tonight was no exception in her khaki safari shorts. She’d clearly caught the sun and her golden legs were on show for all to see as they strode across the tiles. Sara was barely visible in her shadow and it took a moment for Chandra to notice her, or even respond when she meekly said ‘hi’.

Instead, Chandra clung onto her beer, her back still super-glued to the wall, just waiting for Cordelia to turn around and face her.

After rummaging around inside the fridge for a moment and helping herself to a couple of colourful bottles of vodka, which she handed to her side-kicks, Cordelia slowly spun on her strappy heels and squared up her quarry.

‘What are you doing over there?’ she asked, exasperatedly shaking her head and gesturing towards Chandra - who knew exactly how ridiculous she looked.

‘Just having a beer, you?’ replied Chandra, sounding a lot more aggressive than she intended, but not regretting it a single bit.

Both of Mateo's friends seemed to appreciate what looked like it could turn into a fiery exchange and chimed in with a goading chorus of ‘oohs.’ The corner of Cordelia's lip curled and her eyes dimmed with menace.

'Are you sure that's wise?’ she asked in response, smirking.

Chandra knew at once the angle she was going for and tried to stand her ground.

'I don't know what you're talking about!' she mumbled.

'Well, that is a pretty large can...’

Cordelia's smirk stretched ever longer as she opened her bottle and took a long and drawn out mouthful.

‘You wouldn't want to overdo it again would you now?’

Suddenly, Sara stepped in.

‘Delia... Come on, leave her alone, eh?’

Cordelia looked at her for a moment, her expression unchanged, then she let her features soften melodramatically as she changed tact.

‘It's only banter, Sara,’ she said as if she couldn’t possibly have intended any malice. Then, turning her head back towards the corner, ‘Just a little bit of piss taking... Right, Chunder?'

And the smirk was back.

Chandra placed her beer down on the counter top and decided that now would be the perfect time to take her leave. She didn't need to stand there and listen to Cordelia's crap.

'Excuse me, I have somewhere else to be...’ she mumbled and moved quickly to the doorway.

With her back turned, she could hear Cordelia gleefully snickering.

‘At this time of night? Yeah right...’ she joked and continued to taunt Chandra as she made her way across the hall.

Cordelia said all sorts of horrible things and Chandra did all she could to ignore them, but as she neared the front door, she overheard something that she just could not let lie.

‘...does she even have any friends?’

Coupled with Cordelia's cackling laugh a moment later, Chandra was on the verge of explosion. All she could think about was how much she missed Jade and the likelihood that she would never hear from her again and suddenly her blood was boiling with frustrated rage.

With her fists clenched and standing frozen before the front door, Chandra turned around and stared daggers all the way through to Cordelia’s entourage in the kitchen. Cordelia, who still had her eyes on Chandra, responded venomously to what she saw as a personal affront.

'There's no use getting pissy with me...’ she spat, again resorting to her tried and tested arsenal of thinly veiled insults. 'Though, I suppose you can't help it, can you, Chunder? What with your leaky bladder!’

Chandra's eyes bulged. She stood, fully glaring at Cordelia and daring her to say even more. A few more people had found their way into the kitchen after hearing all the commotion and Cordelia relished the opportunity to humiliate Chandra further.

‘Night night, now! Don’t wet the bed!’ she called out with a mocking wave across the hall and raised a laugh out of half the onlookers.

Well aware of the fact that Chandra wasn't moving, Cordelia continued.

‘You can leave now, you know? Unless... Don't tell me... You've done it again?"

She howled with laughter and even Chandra, for a moment, feared she might have done, quickly glancing down at her trousers as the spectators guffawed dramatically. But of course she hadn't wet herself... It would have been impossible tonight as there was no full moon... And then suddenly, Chandra had an idea.

She closed her eyes for a moment, drawing on every bit of courage she could muster and filled her lungs with air. Opening her eyes again, she exhaled and steadily focused her gaze on Cordelia.

‘Why don't you just shut up, Cordelia...’ she muttered, too quietly for anyone to make out clearly.

Cordelia made up her face.

‘What was that? Speak up.’ she asked, the contempt in her voice undoubtedly clear.

Chandra advanced towards Cordelia and still so quietly that nobody could really hear her, again muttered, ‘I said...’ Then as loudly as she'd ever spoken in her life, shouted, ‘WHY DON'T YOU SHUT YOUR BLOODY MOUTH, CORDELIA!’

Once more, two voices could be heard among the crowd making 'ooh' noises and before Cordelia could even finish contorting her face into disgust, Chandra was after her again.

‘You go on and on about how I'm always wetting myself and can't hold my pee! Well what about you?’

‘What?’ Cordelia replied, up in arms. 'I can hold my pee perfectly well, thank you very much, Chunder. I've never had an accident in my life! Never even wet my bed when I was a little girl!*

It was all getting a bit surreal as Cordelia gloatingly flicked her hair to a backdrop of impressed and bewildered murmurs.

‘I’d venture to say that’s far more than you can claim..!'

Unmoved by Cordelia's bravado, Chandra pressed ahead.

‘Why don't you prove it then?" she said, her steely eyes unblinking and still locked on their target.

‘Are you an idiot? What do you want me to do, call my parents and have them come down here?’

Cordelia casually patted the question away, but Chandra wasn't finished.

‘No, I mean prove it right here. Tonight?

A few people in the crowd began to laugh, unsure what on earth Chandra was getting at, however before the scene descended into farce, she continued.

‘Let's play a little game, shall we?’

Walking over to the counter, she grabbed two chairs, which she pulled into the centre of the room.

‘If you're as confident about yourself as you say, there’s no reason for you to back out, right? Let's put it all on the line.’

Chandra was really going out on a limb here and Cordelia's face again flushed with rage.

‘You're insane... She's bloody insane, everyone!’ Cordelia said, nervously looking around her, but those watching were intrigued by Chandra's actions and wanted to see where this was all heading.

Chandra snatched up the twelve-pack of beers Mateo had left on the counter top and placed them on the floor, then took a seat on one of the chairs.

‘Cordelia and I are going to sit in these chairs and drink these beers until one of us gives up. Neither one of us is allowed to go to the toilet until that point and the first to do so, is a complete and utter loser..!'

‘What?' laughed Cordelia. ‘If you think I'm doing that, you're out of your mind!’

She carried on laughing, as if in doing so it would somehow dispel Chandra's enthusiasm, but Chandra merely smiled at her would-be opponent.

‘You're obviously going to win though, Cordelia. What could you possibly have to fear from me? Unless you’ve been lying all this time?’

‘I'm not scared, you little...’ Cordelia grumbled. ‘And Jess and Sara were with me that time. Both of them saw you wet yourself and you know it...’

‘Well, that's all the more reason why I'm making a terrible mistake then, isn’t it? Hey, I'll even give you an advantage and not go to the toilet before we start. You're welcome to go yourself though!’

‘You're seriously out of your mind, Chandra. I don't need to go anywhere, thank you,’ Cordelia growled.

It seemed Chandra was twisting her arm and she kept up the pressure.

'In fact... Sara, do you have any string, or something to tie my legs?’

Chandra stared at Sara until she shook herself out of a trance. Not sure what to do, Sara looked at Cordelia, then across the room at Mateo, who, himself looked all at sea.

‘Mateo, where does Mummy keep it again?’ she asked a moment later and her brother dashed to one of the drawers.

After a bit of rummaging, he pulled out a ball of cotton twine, which he stood holding, unsure what to do next. Chandra soon came to his aid and took the ball from him.

‘That's perfect.’ She said, then she walked over to Cordelia and innocuously held out her hand.

‘I'll let you do it...’

Cordelia's face was unreadable. She couldn't honestly pass up an opportunity to tie Chandra to a chair. No matter how strange the circumstances, it was more than she was reasonably able to refuse.

‘Sit down then...’ she said sinisterly, after a moment of consideration.

Chandra complied willingly and sat back down on one of the chairs. As the spectators around them continued to laugh at the absurdity of what they were witnessing, Cordelia knelt before her most hated enemy and grabbed her calves. She brought them together in order to bind them, but then, with a wicked smirk, moved them apart again. She decided she'd tie Chandra's ankles to the opposing legs of the chair, making it harder for her to keep her knees together.

Chandra noticed the look in Cordelia's eyes and realised she was slowly starting to get into it, so she hammed it up a bit, trying to pretend as if she were beginning to lose her nerve.

‘Crap...’ she muttered under her breath and Cordelia took the bait.

‘No backing out now, Chunder..!' she said sternly as she fastened the string as tightly as she possibly could.

Cordelia then stood up and moved towards her own chair.

‘Alright, I'll do it...’ she declared and the room responded with a rousing cheer.

Chandra fought to keep her face straight and licked her lips quietly.

As Cordelia took her seat, one of the voices in the crowd, to whom Chandra would be forever grateful, shouted out, ‘Shouldn't they both be tied up?’

Then another added, ‘Oh, that's a fair shout! Yeah, go on, Cordelia!’

Suddenly Cordelia looked a fraction less comfortable, but she didn't back down and allowed Sara to tie her own legs in the same fashion as she had Chandra's.

‘Not so bloody tight, Sara!’ she winced, trying to keep her voice down.

‘Sorry, Delia...’ Sara replied, then once her task was complete, stepped back into the crowd.

Cordelia turned towards Chandra and shot her a scowl, before straightening her face and replacing her look of mild annoyance with one of calm. Chandra took this as her cue to get the ball rolling...

The beers were just within arm's length of both chairs, so Chandra reached down and took her first. Cordelia, too, took a beer and in good humour, the crowd cheered the start of this extraordinary game. Just then, Chandra remembered something.

‘Oh, that's right!’

She looked over to where Sara was standing and asked, ‘Hey, Sara, I didn't finish my last one, could you pass it for me?’

‘Y-yeah, sure!' Sara replied, moving over to where Chandra was pointing and retrieving the can she'd set down earlier.

Cordelia, not missing a trick, ordered Sara to also collect the vodka she hadn't finished and Sara handed the can and bottle to their respective owners.

Immediately, as she received her first beer, Chandra brought it to her lips and gulped it down. Cordelia watched for a second, surprised by her energy, before necking her own in response. In no time, Chandra was wiping her mouth and placing the empty can at her feet. The next moment, she pulled the ring on top of can number two and brought that to her lips as well. Not realising the kind of pace Chandra had intended to set, Cordelia felt forced to follow suit and did the same.

The crowd cheered a couple of moments later as Chandra placed the second can down next to the first and she covered her mouth as the bubbles settled in her stomach. To her left, Cordelia was more or less keeping pace, but Chandra figured she could take a breather while she waited the couple of seconds for her to finish.

‘Down it! Down it! Down it!'

The kitchen was starting to rock and the spectators were really getting into things, but if they kept up this pace, both girls would find themselves stone cold drunk before they knew it. There had to be a way to keep the situation from getting out of hand, so Chandra requested somebody bring her a glass of water. The idea, after all, wasn’t to see how drunk they could get, so this would be an excellent way to keep her wits about her and up the ante at the same time... Especially since she knew Cordelia would definitely match her, drink for drink.

Sara dutifully produced the water and it seemed she, as well as everyone else, was aware of the unspoken rules of the game, as she naturally placed a pint glass by Cordelia's feet as well. Cordelia threw her empty can to the ground and reached down to grab the water. She wasn't going to let Chandra boss her about and unflinchingly finished her drink without the need of a single breath. Seeing the maniacal glint in her eye, Chandra knew she had Cordelia exactly where she wanted her. The weeks and months she'd spent sinking litre after litre of water with Jade had put her at a distinct advantage. Even despite the fact that she had limitless capacity inside her bladder, she knew her stomach could stretch to accommodate the discomfort of a liquid binge and she forged ahead, reaching for another can of beer.

Chandra continued to set an unforgiving pace, which to her surprise, Cordelia managed to match well into their third pint of water. By this point, they'd also had three beers each and the alcohol was beginning to catch up with them both, but neither was willing to give the other an ounce of respite. Cordelia was indeed a formidable foe, she most certainly could put it away, however the harder she fought to stay in the contest, the more she played into Chandra's hands, for Chandra knew that eventually all she would need to do was wait. And at five pints each of water and beer, they breathlessly called it quits.

Those standing around the kitchen watched on in awe. Both Chandra and Cordelia had put on an exhibition fuelled by their hatred for one another and they sat tied to their chairs in a dazed stupor. Cordelia made herself comfortable, adjusting herself and settling in for the long haul. She was supremely confident in her bladder control and from the look on her face, she clearly knew there was no way she was going to lose this contest. ‘You see, Chunder. Accidents don’t happen to big girls.’

Indeed, Cordelia was a big girl with an even bigger bladder and Chandra knew very well what her perfect proportions were capable of. She hadn't doubted a single word of her personal testimony earlier and figured that once they'd finished drinking, she could potentially be in for a a bit of a wait. This was definitely the case, as Cordelia continued to sit comfortably in her seat for the next forty minutes, finding the strength to goad her opponent throughout... A staggering feat considering how much she'd drunk and not for a moment during that time did she show a hint of discomfort other than that caused by her ankle bindings.

‘Don't be so surprised, this is nothing to me. You'll see...’ she spat and it was truly surprising, but while her body may have been close to superhuman in design, Cordelia was still ultimately human...

As the party carried on around the novelty in the middle of the kitchen, those still paying attention and actively engaging the contestants in conversation would have noticed that Cordelia's willingness to participate in any verbal exchange was diminishing by the minute and her threats and taunts had almost completely ceased. Gradually her responses became more clipped and her demeanour more guarded. With her ankles bound to the chair, as much as she might have liked to cross her legs, it was impossible for her to do so and approaching the hour mark, Cordelia began to squirm. The frustration was beginning to show on her face and at the same time, Chandra's heart began to race. Her stomach now free of obstruction, she decided it would be the perfect opportunity to apply a bit more pressure on her opponent. Catching Sara's attention, she cleared her throat, ‘Sara, could you bring me another glass of water please?’

Not everyone heard it, but the ones who did, audibly voiced their shock. Cordelia certainly heard what Chandra had said and she turned to eye her suspiciously.

Sara looked at Cordelia to check what she should do, then after a moment, received the green light to proceed and went to fill up both of their pint glasses.

Chandra made sure to thirstily gulp down her water as soon as she took hold of it a couple of seconds later, all the while staring Cordelia dead in the face. Then, once this was done, she returned her attention to the remaining beers on the ground and grabbed them both. Holding a hand out to Cordelia, she innocently asked, ‘One more?’

Responding to the challenge, the crowd began to chant again. ‘Down it! Down it! Down it!” They repeated as Cordelia grew increasingly irritated. Nothing about her body language suggested she wanted to drink another beer, let alone the pint of water that was still in her hand. She had obviously reached a point where even the thought of drinking anything else would have been a detriment to her ability to hold on, but she couldn't back down...

‘You can give up any time, you know?’ Chandra teased, laying it on just thickly enough to goad Cordelia into her trap.

‘Just give it to me, you freak,’ Cordelia snapped and snatched the can from Chandra's palm.

She placed the beer between her legs and held it there for a moment while she ran her free hand through her hair a few times, trying to psyche herself up. Chandra had a suspicion she knew what the can was doing for Cordelia... She was obviously feeling the pressure...

‘Bottoms up then!’ grinned Chandra and while she was thoroughly weary of the taste of beer at this point, she swiftly conquered can number six with unwavering determination. The crowd showed their appreciation and cheered her on. Meanwhile, Cordelia raised a trembling hand to her mouth and bravely started gulping down water. She'd fallen way behind and the strain on her face was clear to see. Each mouthful she swallowed was like a chore and the contents of her glass splashed untidily down her chin as she forced herself to keep on drinking.

Chandra on the other hand, had no such trouble and she requested another pint. Turning to her left as Sara rushed to collect her glass and refill it, she said to her opponent, ‘Just give up, Cordelia, you know you're going to lose..!'

But Cordelia wasn't ready to throw in the towel. Though her body was rocking and she was leant over almost horizontally, she still fought like mad to finish her glass of water and she did so a moment later to the delight of the crowd.

‘So be it!' thought Chandra, as Sara handed over what would be her seventh pint of water. Chandra hadn't gone over six litres of liquid in one sitting since last year when she'd found, to her great discomfort, how excruciating the side-effects can be. But to vanquish a foe of Cordelia's proportions, she'd need to dig deeper than she ever had before.

Straightening her back and taking a very deep breath, Chandra brought the glass to her mouth and steadily tipped it in.

‘Drink! Drink! Drink!’

The onlookers were in a frenzy now. Chandra soon drained her pint and then held the glass aloft, letting the dregs drip out onto the floor as she played up to the crowd. Cordelia's incredulous grimace at the inconceivable spectacle playing out before her was truly one for the ages and Chandra wished she could have immortalised it in photo. Her memory would have to suffice however and she would always remember that moment as the one where she finally bested Cordelia.

Her ego was bruised, but Cordelia was still Cordelia and while she was no longer willing to consume any more liquid, she still wasn't going to be the first to give up. She defiantly planted herself in her chair, tightly squeezing her thighs around the can of beer at her crotch and jamming her hands in underneath her legs to gain the maximum amount of support. Chandra knew how stubborn Cordelia could be, having witnessed her successfully hold her pee for the duration of a two-hour taxi ride through London traffic... And not to mention her near immaculate hold at the cinema earlier in the same day, but on neither of those occasions had she drunk nearly as much as she had tonight. Chandra had no way of knowing just exactly how big Cordelia's bladder was, but she was sure there was no one on earth, other than herself, of course, with a bladder big enough to feasibly hold all of that under wraps for much longer.

‘D-Delia... It's okay. You can stop now...’

Ten minutes of nothing but clear and obvious agony later, Cordelia was looking terrible. Sara leant down to whisper in her ear and tell her to see sense and that she should probably retire to the toilet before she did herself a serious injury. The ‘sense’ in this context was the fact that Chandra didn't look even slightly desperate after an hour and a half and that they were clearly on different planets in terms of bladder control.

'Oh piss off, Sara!’ spat Cordelia suddenly, causing Sara to recoil.

Cordelia refocused her attention on her lap and continued to rock on her chair.

The crowd found Cordelia’s meltdown highly amusing, but Chandra suddenly felt a bit of sympathy for Sara and chimed in.

'Hey... Maybe you should listen to h-’

‘And you can piss off too, Chunder!’

Cordelia bitterly cut her off before she could finish. Chandra had had more than enough of Cordelia's diatribe and gave it straight back to her.

‘Ooh, you'd like that wouldn't you?’ she taunted.

‘Funnily enough though, I don't need to piss, thanks’’

And she laughed along with several others standing around. She even noticed Sara trying to hold back a grin. Cordelia swore under her breath and continued muttering awful things about Chandra, so Chandra went in for the kill.

‘Sara, bring me another glass- no, a jug of water...’

She was ready to show Cordelia once and for all the true difference between them.

Cordelia was swearing with such frequency now that she sounded like a broken record. She was rigid in her chair, giving everything she had to keep her pee inside, but well aware of what was going on around her, she looked up at her loyal side-kick.

‘DON'T YOU DARE!' she seethed through clenched teeth and Sara froze on the spot.

Chandra wasn’t taking any prisoners though.

‘Oh, grow a spine, Sara! This is your house isn't it? I'm getting thirsty over here!’

Sara bit her lip... While the rest of the room fell about in stitches, she timidly looked back and forth from the top of Cordelia's squirming head, to Chandra beside her, then after a long pause she finally concluded, ‘Well... She is a guest..!'

And Sara ran to the fridge to extract their filter jug.

‘Sorry, Cordelia...!" she squealed as those around her cheered her on.

Sara brought the jug over to Chandra who gratefully received it with a smile. Then she took her glass in her hand and made a most satisfying toast...

‘Here's to you... Delia..

Much like she had experienced, courtesy of Figgy, one memorable evening last December, Chandra treated Cordelia to a stimulating demonstration of cold water cascading into a drinking glass. She lifted her arm as high as she could and laboriously poured a pint of water for herself. As expected, Cordelia’s body reacted to every moment of this and she writhed and wiggled in her chair. With an eighth pint in her hand, Chandra fixed her eyes once more on Cordelia and brought the glass to her lips for the final time.

‘It doesn't... make any bloody... sense...!' came the muffled and anguished cry from Cordelia's mouth.

She was at her limit and suddenly she was screaming at Sara to free her legs.

‘Untie me! Sara, untie me!'

The roar of the crowd filled the kitchen and Chandra clenched her fists. She'd done it! Cordelia had conceded defeat! In fact, she was in such a dire state, that she wasn't able to remove her hands from her crotch long enough to unfasten the string around her ankles.

All eyes were suddenly on Sara, who frantically dropped to her knees and began searching for the knots she'd made.

‘Hurry up, Sara!’ Cordelia yelled, the urgency in her voice unlike any they'd heard before. ‘Get a knife or... Anything!!'

Sara was starting to panic.

‘Umm, Errr, Mateo! Get me the scissors from the drawer!’ she called across the room.

On the other side of the kitchen, Mateo again dashed to one of the drawers and started rummaging around inside for a pair of scissors. He didn't seem to be having any luck though.

‘Err... I can't find them, sis... I don't think these knives are sharp enough either!’

He looked back over towards his sister with the most helpless expression on his face and Cordelia finally lost her temper. She screamed at the top of her lungs and attempted to stand up, but almost immediately tripped and fell into a heap on her face.

Her back and bottom writhed hysterically for a moment with her hands still firmly wedged in between her golden thighs, then a darkened speck appeared at her crotch. It spread quickly without stopping and reached as far as each leg opening, then with all the force and vigour to match her protestations, a massive torrent of piss burst out of Cordelia’s shorts. She groaned in anguish as the tension left her body and along with it, an uncontrollable deluge was suddenly and violently flowing down her legs, soaking her thighs and leaving them glistening under the bright kitchen lights. Cordelia squirmed, but the damage was done. There was no hiding this. Everyone could see she was wetting herself badly and they could even hear it hissing loudly against the fabric of her clothes.

She lay stunned and prostrate, spread out over the tiles as the never-ending waterfall escaping from her shorts formed rapidly into a puddle that spread around her body and forced the nearest onlookers to take a couple of steps back.

She continued to moan as she steadily released the entire contents her bladder all over the kitchen floor, which given the size of Cordelia’s bladder, took quite some time indeed.

‘My gosh, it won't stop coming...’ said one girl who had never heard of anyone peeing for so long, let alone wetting themselves for such a duration.

Minutes went by and Cordelia’s agonising ordeal dragged on past every milestone she’d previously reached sitting on a toilet seat.

Chandra had to give her credit. She would never be topped. In the collective hearts and minds of Poplar Independent’s Sixth form at least, nothing would ever supplant the memory of the day they witnessed an accident truly befitting of legendary status. And thanks to those in the lower sixth, who were returning to Poplar next year and would, of course tell all of their friends (and the friends of their friends), The Legend of Cordelia would continue to echo through the ages, with no end of embellishments to make even its namesake proud...

Cordelia didn't move from the kitchen floor for the rest of the party. She wouldn't let anybody touch her and only left once everyone else had gone home at the end of the night. She was a sorry sight, Chandra thought, but she had brought every bit of it on herself, so she had no one to blame but herself...

Sara had made Chandra proud. She'd finally asserted herself in front of Cordelia and while it had only been for a fraction of a second and while Cordelia was still, inexplicably Sara’s best friend, Chandra thought there might be hope for her old pal yet.

When Chandra was freed from her chair -Mateo having miraculously located the scissors mere moments after Cordelia had taken her fated tumble - she felt she could now happily leave and go home. Not for the first time though, as she made to exit the Dali residence, Mateo's face wore a distinct look of disappointment. Once again, Chandra wasn't entirely sure what was the matter with him, but she hadn't the heart to make fun, especially when she considered how he'd been so kind to her all night.

Noticing a pen and paper on the hallway table next to where they were standing, she turned and quickly wrote something down. With a smile, Chandra handed the piece of paper to Mateo.

‘Thanks for always being nice to me,’ she told him. ‘You’re welcome to send me an email any time you like?

He smiled back broadly and wished Chandra a good night. Then, with a twinkle in his eye as she went through the door, he said, ‘I knew Cordelia had nothing on you?

It was a compliment Chandra could finally take to heart and she let it carry her all the way home.

Expectedly, the house was dark and still when Chandra staggered back. She suddenly realised as she stepped through the door, that she'd hardly eaten anything all day, so she headed straight for the kitchen to dig out her leftovers from the fridge.

Once she'd put a plate together and was waiting for it to warm up in the microwave, Chandra glanced pensively at the kitchen table, remembering the evening a long time ago when Mateo had come over to see her. She chuckled thinking about how happy he'd looked when she gave him her email address earlier and wondered if he might have already sent her something. She really wouldn't have been surprised... There were a couple of minutes left on the microwave timer, so for a laugh she decided to switch on the PC to have a look. Before the machine had powered up, the microwave was beeping, so she returned to the kitchen quickly to retrieve her dinner, then a moment later sat back down in front of the monitor.

'Oh you've got to be kidding me! I really don't know what's the matter with this boy!’

Chandra laughed incredulously as she saw her inbox indicating a new message. Shaking her head, she clicked the envelope icon and opened up the next page. She then picked up her fork to put some potato in her mouth and the very next moment, dropped the utensil back onto her plate.

‘Jade!’ she yelped, sending fragments of mash flying onto the screen.

Jade had finally managed to gain access to a PC and had responded to her email with one of her own. Chandra couldn't have been happier. She immediately opened it and the glow of the monitor was soon reflecting on her teeth.

Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Chandraaaaaaaa!

It was only the first line, but it felt like Jade was sitting right there in front of her. Chandra read on, unable to stop smiling as she absorbed every word.

---

I'm sorry I haven't written sooner... My dad was still angry about the exam stuff, but he's finally calmed down and he's letting me use his computer now, so I'm going to be emailing you a lot more!

How are things back home? You're back now, right? I hope you're not lonely... Have you seen your friend yet? I hope she comes to see you eventually. And that other one you hate, well I hope SHE wets her pants and you get to laugh at her >:-D.

---

After nearly choking on a carrot, Chandra wiped the tears from her eyes and wondered if all this time Jade was actually more powerful than she'd been letting on. She continued reading, unable to stop chuckling at her friend's hitherto unknown skills of divination...

---

It's boring here... Not everyone speaks English, so it's hard to make friends and I don't think I'm going to be as lucky with my neighbours this time around... But, if everything goes according to my plan, I won't have to stay for long Remember I promised you that I'd come back to England? Well, I've told my parents that I want to go to University there... and THEY said they'll let me move back on my own if my

А-levels are good enough, SO I just need to wait until results day and then I'll know for sure! I REALLY hope I can get what I need...!

---

And she wasn't the only one hoping. Chandra's heart leapt when she read the words. Considering Jade's previous predictions, it just had to come true now and she was beaming optimistically.

---

I have to go for dinner now, but I'll write to you again as soon as I can. Tell me about your plans for the full moon! I'm so gutted I can’t be there... Miss you!

Вуеее хххххххх

---

Until that moment, Chandra had neither the heart nor the enthusiasm to plan anything without Jade around, but as soon as she’d finished reading Jade’s email, she felt the excitement suddenly coursing back. With the date only a couple of weeks away and with there being perfect weather every day, the sun was now shining brightly and Chandra was more than eager to make it rain again.

