Girl Scout Camp

By Alexi (date unknown) E#000

We used to love to watch each other pee in girl scout camp. Several of us, including the twins, would go out into the woods and watch each other as we pulled down out pants, squatted down, and pissed into a hole that we had designated for that purpose. After a while our little group of four or five girls decided to recruit some fresh twat meat to add a little piss watching spice. We found a girl named Gena...she wasn't very hip to the idea, and when we asked her why she said that her piss flew off every which-a-way, and that it would make a mess. That enticed us no end, and we finally convinced her that she must do it. As she squatted to piss for our viewing entertainment she looked much more embarrassed and ashamed than the rest of us ever did, which, at least for me, got my clit to twitching and throbbing (though I'd never yet, at that young age, had my first orgasm).

Sure enough, when she started pissing it flew in every direction, it was the most remarkable thing. It spurted and squirted over her left leg, wetting some clothing in the process, and at that point she started crying and said, see, I told you, I can't control the way I piss. She was sobbing. It made me so fucking hot. Sure enough, her stream switched directions, spurting straight up for a while, then heading over to the right, running over her leg and into her sock. She was bawling in utter humiliation. I wished that Gena's pissy fiasco would never stop...I wanted her to keep wetting, gushing and squirting, I could not take my eyes off of her pissing twat.........but alas..........later that evening I was lying zipped into my sleeping bed when my partner Hailie, a girl notorious for pissing her sleeping bag called out to me, her partner, that she needed to go to the latrines.

I pretended like I was asleep. The louder she got, it didn't matter. I was, as far as she was concerned, dead to the world. The other girls in the cabin started calling to me, Alexi, take her, she's gonna piss her sleeping bag and the cabin will stink all night. But, too bad, I was just "too sleepy" to wake up. Haley is in wicked bad pain at this point. She said, Alexi, I'm getting ready to peepee, I can't hold it, please oh please help me, you know I can't go to the latrines in the dark by myself. The other girls called to me but hey, if they wanted to take her so much why didn't one of them get their butt out of their own warm, cozy, dry sleeping bag? Alas, poor Haley was not fated to sleep in a dry sleeping bag that night.

She didn't know that she had a partner who would have done anything as long as it would have encouraged her to take a long, soaking, smelly, loud, humiliating, squirting, hot, spitting, spurt right there in her little zipped up sleeping bag. As I lay there, faking sleep, Haley pissed all over herself, and she sobbed the whole time. Everyone in the cabin knew when she was going to the bathroom on herself because we could all hear the hissing of the piss - man that kid must have had to take one wicked wee - I've never heard such loud pissing in a bed. And let me tell you, in the years that have passed, and since I've learned that it makes me get my twat off in a screaming orgasm or 3 or 5, I've heard some pretty loud wicked screaming hissing steaming bed pissing.

