THE DEPARTMENT OF ARCANE STUDIES

Author: WIlliam Abbott

This story is big on setting. I was picturing Miskatonic University from the H.P. Lovecraft stories, with its old and quirky architecture and somewhat disturbing collections of occult memorabilia, and it just seemed like a wonderful place for a woman on the verge of wetting her pants to be searching high and low for a bathroom.

There was having to pee, and there was this. If the feeling of having to pee were like a stiff wind that buffets you, makes you hold onto your hat, makes it hard to walk, then this was a hurricane that uproots trees and knocks down houses. Please, she thinks, let me get to a bathroom soon.

She’s behind the wheel of a car, biting her lip and wriggling in her seat. The cruise control lets her scissor her knees and she’s driving one-handed, the other gripping her crotch. She’s wearing a dark gray halter top that shows a lot of cleavage and bright red denim shorts cut off at the very top of the thighs. She’s undone the button in the waistband to take a little of the pressure of her bladder but she still feels like she’s going... to... explode. She clamps her thighs together, spreads them, then clamps them tight again, fingers digging into her vulva, chanting to herself, I hope I make it, I hope I make it, I hope I make it.

She’s speeding down a highway with no trees or bushes. A sign just said REST AREA 30 MILES. No help there, but she’s only five miles from her exit. She unzips to relieve more of the pressure but as she turns onto the exit ramp, she’s just barely holding on. Sweat beads on her forehead. She’s reaching the point of pain, and she’s going to start to leak. I hope I make it.

The ramp spills her onto a residential street —pretty suburban houses with manicured lawns, but no gas stations, no restaurants, no businesses of any kind where she might stop and beg to use a restroom. Her own house is still a good fifteen minutes away. Can she make it that long? Doubtful. She’ll pee in her pants before she gets there. She’s on the edge of peeing in her ants right now. No! I don't want to pee all over the seat of my car!

This road passes the university on the way to her house, skirting right along the edge of campus. She can make it that far. Probably. Hopefully. Please, let me hold on just a little bit longer! Her parking sticker is for one of the peripheral lots, but that’s waaaay too long a walk to get to the nearest bathroom. She pulls instead into the unloading area behind the Student

Union. It’s illegal, but on a Sunday afternoon in the middle of summer, no one will mind. Hurry hurry hurry! Before she wets herself!

She opens the car door and swings her legs out, moving carefully. Can she even stand up without losing control right there? Go gently. Steady. Her pants are unzipped, of course, and she can’t very well go walking around like that. She pulls the zipper most of the way back up. Ow. Leaves it down an inch or two. Doesn’t close the button.

Will the back door be open? She hobbles up to it and tries the handle, standing on one leg with her thighs crossed. No such luck. This is bad.

Maybe I should just let go, she thinks. Go ahead and pee in my pants right here and hope that nobody notices.

No. she can hold on another minute or two. She grits her teeth and walks with mincing steps around to the front of the building. Take the stairs carefully. Gently. Bathroom, she says to herself. She knows exactly where the one is that she’ll use. Bathroom. Just inside, on the left. Bathroom.

Why is it so dark in there?

Oh God.

Sunday afternoon in the summer.

No.

She tries the handle. Swears. Dances in place. What to do? She turns to hurry down the steps again. Will anything be open? She clenches her jaw, scrunches her eyes closed, on the edge of losing it. Something must be open. Please, I can't hold it.

She walks—stiffly—to next building. It’s the concert hall. Imposing double doors with wrought iron hinges. Locked. She wriggles and bobs up and down, flexing her knees. I'm seriously going to wet my pants.

The next building is administration. Glass doors, aluminum handles. Locked. She hops from foot to foot. I have to go! I'm going to burst!

Next is classrooms. The double glass doors here are always open, aren’t they? But today they’re locked. She bangs on the glass with the flat of her hand, writhing like a dancer as she stands there. Please, please, please, I have to get to a bathroom or I'll piss down my legs and all over the sidewalk!

Next is the life sciences labs. Two sets of double doors, and both are locked. She asks herself again, Should I just let go? She’s giving it serious consideration. There’s nobody around and probably no one will see—but she’s right out in the open. Maybe, she thinks. She stands on one leg, holding the door for balance, rubbing her thighs together. Maybe. If the next one isn't open.

Next is chemical engineering. Locked. Locked. Locked. Owww. Bouncing up and down on tiptoe. (Bouncing in her halter top as well.) One more. I'll try one more. And then... then...

The next one she comes to is a smaller building, one she’s never been inside before. What is it? Anthropology? Paleontology? The sign says DEPARTMENT OF ARCANE STUDIES. What on Earth is that? It’s only one story, made from ancient brick with roof tiles green with moss. The arched wooden doors have brass handles weathered to a dull brown. She stands on a granite stoop, its edges rounded by a hundred years of footsteps, and she thinks, I could go right here. Just piss into my underwear, wet my shorts, let it flow down my legs. It would feel soooogood.

She tries a handle. The two doors are locked, one to the other... but whoever locked them forgot the bolts at the top and bottom. At her tug, the doors swing forward, the deadbolt in one withdrawing from the recess in the other. She can go in. It was locked, she realizes. None of the hall lights are on inside. I’m not supposed to go in there. Will I get in trouble?

Ordinarily she’d hesitate. She’d ponder. She’d debate with herself. But her bladder winks open for a split second and she leaks—maybe a tablespoon, just enough to dampen her panties— and there’s no debating. Bathroom!

She ducks inside, pulling the doors closed behind her. Standing on one leg, she spends the extra three seconds to make sure the deadbolt slides home into its socket, putting everything back the way it was. Then she turns and hurries down the hall. Where are the bathrooms???

Display cases on either side. In the shadows are tribal masks, ritual daggers, animal skulls, wicker baskets, a feathered cape, bizarre sculptures of half-human creatures. Creepy. She tiptoes past, holding it in for dear life. Here, where no one can see, she grips herself again with her hand. Will she find a bathroom in time? Hurry! Hurry!

The hall is very short, crossing the narrow building. Light filters in through a dusty window at the end. Bathrooms? Carved faces behind glass watch her as she dances and skips. I have to go! She loses another spurt—a bloom of heat in her crotch, but no more. She wriggles and tugs on her belt loops, pulling the denim up into a wedgie. I can't hold it! I'm going to pisssss!

Just up ahead, the hall crosses another, this one spanning the length of the building. She sees signs on brackets up near the ceiling, backlit by the window and hard to read. Bathrooms? “WOMEN,” she reads, with an arrow pointing left, and “MEN” to the right. Yes!!! Oh thank God!

Smiling now, grinning from ear to ear, she turns the corner and runs with a shuffling, skipping, crabwise gait. Ow. Bladder in pain. Go go go. One hand still gripping herself. The doors to either side have big square windows. Behind them are cluttered desks, leather chairs, here a glass-front bookcase, there an ancient typewriter. Who uses typewriters anymore? No electric lights on anywhere. I must be only person in the building.

Is this one the bathroom? No. This one? She runs as if she were barefoot on hot sand, trying to be weightless. Damn it, it must be the very last one.

She unzips before she’s even halfway down the hall. Her pants want to fall down now but she holds them up, pulls on them hard, forcing the crotch seam to dig into her. Will she even make it that far, or will she wet herself before reaching the end of the hall? I can make it! Please! Almost... almost there!

And there it is, at last—a door with a window of frosted glass instead of clear. It looks like there’s a sign on it—she can’t read it yet at this angle, but...yes! “WOMEN,” it says. She scampers the last few steps. Her thumbs are hooked under her panties, and she’s sliding them down already. Her bottom is bare now, panties down around her thighs as she reaches the door. She’s naked, or half naked at least, still standing out in the hall. I sure hope there's nobody else in the building.

She grabs the knob. Turnsit. Leans into the door with her shoulder.

It doesn’t budge.

She squeals in anguish, eyes open wide with horror. Almost loses it right then and there. She grips her crotch again, fingers digging into her naked slit, pants down around her knees. She bends over, gripping hard, fighting to keep it in, fighting to not pee not pee not pee. It hurts. Another spurt leaks out, hot against her fingers. A tiny trickle makes its way down her inner thigh. She clenches hard. Stems the flow. Oww!

Is the door just stuck? She tries it again, one hand on the knob, the other clamped over her crotch. Come on, come on! She looks down at the sign again. There’s fine print. “WOMEN,” it says, yes, but below that, “GET KEY FROM DEPARTMENT SECRETARY.”

She lets loose a loud and vehement string of swearwords. Pounds the door with her fist. Inner thighs wet, that little bit of hot pee turning cool on her skin. Her bladder muscles are quivering from the effort of holding it in. She can’t hold it any longer. She’s going to burst.

What will she do? Just let go? Piss on the ancient linoleum? Make a puddle that will spread halfway down the hall? Or press herself against the door and piss all over it, etch the varnish off with her urine? I should have just peed while I was outside. Gone in my pants and not cared.

Or she could run for the men’s room at the other end of the building. It will be locked too, of course, but she...

Has...

Nothing...

To...

Lose.

She runs. One hand covers her nakedness in front, the other holds her shorts up around her thighs, just high enough not to hobble her. Bare bottom, she runs past the intersection with the other hall, runs to the other end of the building. More wooden doors, all of them with those same windows. Anybody in there will see me. Butt naked, pants down, fingers digging into her vagina. Empty offices. Please be empty. Nobody see me.

Here it is: “MEN. GET KEY FROM DEPARTMENT SECRETARY.” The knob turns, but the door holds fast. I'm leaking! Her damp crotch, cool under her fingers, is suddenly hot again. Should she pee on the floor? I mean really, no kidding, just go? I can't. I can't go all over the floor. I can't...

Another little squirt. Her fingers can’t keep it from trickling down her legs. Any second now, it will be gushing, flooding out around and between her fingers, spraying in all directions, running down her inner thighs, into her panties, her shorts, her shoes. It will go all over the floor, the walls, everywhere. Uncontrollably. Spectacularly. No no no! I can't!

Standing there with her legs crossed, twisting her body, wet fingers white-knuckled, she sees a door that says “STAIRS.” Should she see where it leads? What the Hell, why not?

She tiptoes to the door and shoves it open. Dark in there. She bends forward at the waist, bobbing up and down and almost ... almost ... almost losing it. Ow. This is a one-story building, but obviously there’s something downstairs. Would there be a toilet down there? She steps into the dark. She pulls her pants up again, mostly, but still leaves them unzipped. They’re still falling down off her ass, her panties bunched and crooked. The darkness on the stairs deepens as the door swings closed behind her.

She feels her way down, stepping carefully with one hand on the railing, the other twisting the denim of her pants. Half a flight down to a landing, turn, and then another half-flight to the bottom where she finds another door. She pushes it open. Though her bladder is stretched to the point of pain, she has found a kind of equilibrium for the moment. Barely in control, she feels herself stretch, stretch, like easing into a difficult yoga pose. She tiptoes through the door. What's down here?

In the basement, she finds another hallway, this one with doors along only one side. Shafts of dim light through the office windows catch dust motes in the air in the hall. Along the opposite wall are more display cases, as well as old wooden filing cabinets, stacks of sagging boxes—a wild hodgepodge of things piled up on top almost to the ceiling. She sees an oar, a globe of Mars, a narwhal tusk.

Bathroom?

She hobbles down the hall. Ow. Barely able to walk. Owww. The floor down here is bare cement. The doors to one side have more of those big square windows, but the light from outside comes through narrow slits up near the ceiling. Everything down here is covered with dust. Bare bulbs hanging from the ceiling are strung with cobwebs. Owowoww.

Her pants are falling down again. This time she lets them drop to her ankles and steps out of them, stopping just long enough to scoop them off the floor. The movement sends another spasm of pain through her bladder. Her panties are still bunched around the very tops of her thighs. I can't believe I'm walking around in here naked. She passes a display case of stuffed birds, another with a headless skeleton that might have been a gorilla. Every office door has a window. Anyone in there could see me with no pants on, bursting to pee. But they’re all dark; she’s alone. She comes now to a door without a window. In the half-light she can make out the word “UTILITY.” A janitor’s sink? A drain in the floor, maybe? Maybe even a mop bucket. I'll go in anything! Please?

Locked.

She crosses her legs. And squirms. And dances, hopping from foot to foot. I'm going to piss on the floor!

She hobbles past another office, thighs rubbing together. I can't hold it!

She’s going to wet herself. She’s going to piss down her legs any second. Please, let me find a toilet!

She loses another spurt. Her panties are wet. I can't.

Should she give up? Acknowledge the impossible? Just squat and let it go? I can't.

Past another office. Behind the window, leatherbound books piled higgledy-piggledy on a carved wooden desk. I can't squat in the middle of the hall. That would be so wrong.

Maybe she could let go just a tiny bit. Owww. Release one quick squirt. I can't hold it. Just enough to take some of the pressure off. Leave a few drops on the floor that would dry up before anybody came down here. A wave of urgency constricts her bladder at the thought. That won't work. She grits her teeth. Once I let go I'll never be able to stop.

Another office, and... Frosted glass! Yes??? Almost too dark to read the sign, but Oh God yes! It says “LAVATORY.”

She almost pisses as soon as she sees the sign. She clamps down desperately, twisting her legs and squeezing her thighs together. She drops her shorts on the floor and grips her crotch with both hands, holding on hard. She feels another bloom of heat in her panties. She writhes, standing on one leg. She clenches with all her might, easing painfully back into that equilibrium. Her bladder is stretched to its absolute limit, but it can hold for another moment. But behind her fingers, there’s piss backed up in her urethra. It stings. The instant she lets go with her fingers, that tiny bit will come shooting out like a squirt gun.

She tries the knob. And of course, of course, of course it won’t turn.

She swears again, but quietly this time, whispering obscenities at the unyielding door. She’s almost ready to cry from frustration. No, no, no, I'm gonna go, I'm going to explode and piss all over myself, my pants, the floor, the walls, everywhere!

Not...not quite yet. Oh God. Beyond the lavatory, the hall turns a corner and she moves on. She steps, steps, steps, gripping herself hard. She loses that little bit behind her fingers—squirt —wetting her panties some more.

She peeks around the corner. EXIT.

Out. Outside. Pee in her pants outside.

Out of other options. Out, out, out!

She steps into her shorts and hauls them up so they’re at least partly covering her ass. I'm gonna go outside. She hobbles to the door. I'm finally gonna piss piss pisssss! She shoves the push bar with her hip. I'm gonna let it go! Sunlight dazzles her. Just go! She’s standing in full sun now, warm and bright. Wet her pants right there? Or maybe... She finds herself halfhidden at the bottom of a short flight of concrete steps. The sidewalk is at her shoulder level. Up there are parked cars, trees, grass, other buildings, with windows. Windows, windows everywhere, overlooking the street, overlooking her—but only from the shoulders up.

Pull her pants down here outside, or pee in her pants? Which is worse? I have to go! It feels so open, the sun is shining right on me. If somebody walks by... I can't wait! There’s no one around. She shoves her pants down to her knees, slides her panties down along her thighs. The sun is warm against the skin of her legs and belly, the light bringing out highlights in her tufts of hair.

She pisses a second before she means to, already starting to gush as she drops down to a squat. And it’s heaven. Thank God! Pissing at last. Pissing out of control. She splashed the inside of her shorts on the way down. Could be worse. And Oh the relief! Oh yes, oh my God yes! It’s more than just relief. The urine shooting through her feels better than sex.

She loses her balance and topples backward to sit with her bare butt on the concrete, and she’s pissing like a fire hydrant, like when they uncap a fire hydrant and it gushes out, flooding the whole street. Piss shoots out in front of her, surging over the concrete. Hissing pissing splashing spattering roar of running water. Flowing like a burst water main. Flooding all the way to the far side of the little landing. The arc of her stream hits the waistband at the back of her shorts for a second. She doesn’t care. They were wet anyway. Oh the relief! It's ecstasy!

And, amazingly, she’s out of sight here. Stark naked outdoors in the middle of campus and pissing in full sunlight, but out of sight. Thank God, nobody will see her, not unless they walk right by the top of the steps. Thank you! And, oh look, there’s even a drain, right there in the cement floor between her legs. She hadn’t even noticed it, but it’s perfect. Oh, yes. Her piss makes a pool, a spreading lake, and it starts to gurgle down into the drain and she’s pissing oh my God pissing at last thank you pissing like there’s no tomorrow like she’ll never stop like her bladder was the size of a basketball and she had to piss worse than she’d ever had to before in her life and thank God finally now yes pissing at last at last at last oh yes oh my God yes oh yes yes yes yes yes.

Released, flowing, the pressure gradually ebbing. The pee goes on and on and on. She drains until she’s finally empty.

Relieved.

At last.

Awkwardly, she pushes herself back up into a squat and then gets to her feet. She brushes flecks of concrete off of her bare butt. Her thighs are wet, her crotch is wet, her panties are wet, and her shorts have visible wet spots at the crotch and in back, but she’s smiling from ear to ear as she pulls them up.

Relieved, oh so blessedly relieved (if somewhat damp) as she climbs the stairs, walks back to her car, and drives the rest of the way home.

Oh my God. Yes.

