My Date with Suzie

Author: Tom, September 1995

I had known Suzie for several months. She and I often spent time together in the course of our work, but it had never been in romantic setting. I liked her very much. And so, after procrastinating much too long, I finally got up the nerve and invited her to go out one evening to a local tavern for some relaxing conversation and companionship. Suzie is a somewhat petite woman with a simple but shapely body who has often piqued my interest with her unusual comments and observations. I figured that it would be a most interesting evening now that I could talk with her in a more private setting. Boy, was I right about that!

The tavern we chose is a quaint little place decorated with dark, natural wood and numerous irregularly arranged booths upholstered with deep green cloth. The atmosphere is quiet and inviting; perfect for some intimate discussion. We select a booth in the far corner and proceed to discuss wide and varied subjects while sharing a pitcher (or two) of beer. After awhile, the mellowing affects of the alcohol begin to set in. We feel a warming attraction for each other and the desire to be closer, and so we decide that it would be nice to go off somewhere more private. Since I live close by, we decide to go over to my house. While walking back, the cool and crisp evening of autumn is in the air. Its feels good as I hold Suzie's warm hand and we flirt and make obscurely suggestive comments back and forth.

As we enter the house, I immediately move close to Suzie and embrace her in a long and compassionate kiss. She responds in kind by pulling me closer and pressing her shapely body against mine. I naturally become quite aroused, and slowly start to caress her, moving my hands at first over her back, then slowly along her hips and up to her breasts. Under her clothes I can feel her nipples getting hard and lovingly massage them gently. She enjoys it and slowly works her hands down to feel the bulge in my pants.

The crisp fall air from the walk back has intensified the sexual cravings we are both feeling. We unbutton each other slowly, taking care to examine what each piece of clothing reveals. I unsnap her bra and lightly kiss her hard, wide nipples, examining and tasting each one in my tongue and feeling its warmth and erectness on my cheek. Likewise she slowly strips me down to my jockey shorts. My dick is hard and pushing way out in front, making such a protrusion that she must move to my side to avoid getting poked. She runs her hand up and down over my crotch in anticipation of seeing what is aching to escape from under those pants.

I lead her into the bedroom, where I quickly grab several beach towels and spread them out on the floor with some old pillows. The light is low, but it is not dark. I lower her down and remove her panties, which I notice have become quite damp in the crotch. She reaches for my jockey shorts, and slides them down allowing my hard cock to bounce out and stand fully erect and horizontal.

We lie down next to each other in a 69 position, and run our hands all over each other's genitalia, caressing it, feeling it, and feasting our eyes. Suzie starts kissing the tip of my cock, feeling its firmness and heat. I run my hands through her fine mound of hair, lightly touching her sensitive and swollen clit. My tongue is hungry, and I begin to work it around her clit, down her tender labia and back up. We both are horny and dripping in love juices. I notice her body occasionally quiver, and focus my efforts on tonguing my way to her most sensitive ecstasy point.

By this time the beer has begun to work its way through us, and both of our bladders are feeling full. Suzie feels the urgency of needing to pee, and so do I, but our sucking and tonguing are generating too much intensity to want to stop. I take my fingers and run them all over her pussy, feeling its wetness and desire. Suzie begins to make a soft moaning sound, and I know she's heading to the edge. The sexual intensity grows, but I can also feel the pressure of my bladder growing. My mind races back and forth between the desire for sex and the desire to stop and pee.

I watch Suzie intently, and using my tongue, I slowly drive her over the edge. She moans again, deeper this time and gives an abrupt jerk as the orgasm races through her body. The contraction of her cunt muscles is intense, and I watch as a little squirt of liquid erupts out from between her labia and dribbles down on her pussy. Suzie blushes a little. "I'm sorry. But I've really got to pee bad.", she whispers faintly. This fascinates me, and I immediately touch the wet liquid and massage it all around her genitals. I move in closer and lick her little pee hole and her clit. She is still shaking somewhat from her orgasm. "I really have to go bad." she whispers again.

"That's OK", I assure her. "Just relax. Let yourself go." Suzie reacts somewhat perplexed. There is a pause, and I am anxiously awaiting to see what her reaction is going to be to my suggestion. I can tell she is somewhat shocked, but is thinking this idea over. Maybe.... just maybe she might go for it. She looks inquisitively at me wondering what she should do next, all the while feeling the increasing pressure of her urgency.

She notices my fascination and wants to see what I will do, so she decides to relax just a little and lets another squirt of pee run out. This time it's a little longer and shoots out making a little arc. The sight of this is almost too much to bear, and I feel my cock harden and stretchen even more. Suzie stops, and I engross myself in massaging all around her pussy and wet labia with my tongue. Finally Suzie begs, "I'm warning you... I really can't hold it any longer."

She is still lying on her back with a few pillows under her head. I move around so that I am facing her, sliding my legs under hers, and take my long, erect cock and lie it over her wet slit. I use the tip of my cock to again massage her clit. We both watch intently as I move the shaft of my erect penis back and forth across her pussy. With my hands I begin to massage her thighs lightly, caressing them and enjoying their softness. I softly tell her to relax... relax completely... all her muscles... and just let go. She feels the wave of anticipation of urgently needing to pee, and concentrates on trying to put every muscle in her body at ease. I see a slow, steady tinkle start to run out under my cock.

I feel its warmth as it runs down my balls. The warm stream steadily grows stronger as she lets go. I take my hard cock and move it sideways, using it to playfully deflect the stream of pee coming out. The pee splashes off of my cock and onto our thighs, running down on her pussy and over my balls, warming the towels underneath us. My cock pulses upward several times with excitement, which she watches with fascination. The warm stream of pee continues for what seems like a long time, allowing me to play with her wet clit and watch her pee hole as it squirts out. Finally the stream begins to slow. I can feel the love juice emanating from the tip of my penis, and use it to continue massaging her clit. There is a pause, and then another short squirt comes out as she totally relaxes with a deep sigh of relief.

Suzie looks at me and smiles, feeling quite relieved and totally horny. I put my hands behind me and lean back, allowing my cock to protrude further out for her to examine. With her two hands, she takes my hot, wet, erect penis and uses it to continue massaging her clit and pussy. She can feel it throb. She tells me I'm tense, and need to relax... to just let all my muscles relax and let go. I can feel the pressure of my full bladder, and also feel the intense horniness of my cock wanting to go deep inside of her.

I anxiously try to relax. I feel a slow wave of anxiety pass down my body to my full bladder. I can feel the intense need to pee, and want to let go but my tense, hard cock resists. Slowly, I can feel the pee making its way through my penis towards the tip. Suzie also senses the growing bulge of my urethra on the bottom of my hard shaft. Her breathing is shallow in anticipation of what is to happen. She holds my penis up slightly and watches as a little squirt of pee fights its way out the top and trickles down onto her pussy.

She lets out a little giggle with delight and uses the warm wetness to massage her clit some more. My muscles contract stopping the flow as my cock tenses again with the touch of her engorged clit. Slowly I feel the impending surge coming again, moving down my body towards the tip of my penis. A small, steady trickle of tinkle starts to run out, making a small arc landing on Suzie's mound, and running down over her cunt. The trickle quickly grows larger, stronger, and hotter. Suzie delights in watching it squirt out and holds my cock, directing the hot flow directly on her clit. She moves it around and aims it at her pleasure, engrossed in the feeling of the warmth and wetness now running down all over her genitals.

The steady stream of pee continues, and she plays with my hard cock like a firehose, pointing it at different parts of her anatomy and delighting in the feel of the warm liquid running over her body. Several times my cock muscles tense in excitement, giving her a surprise as she feels the tightening muscle in her hands. Each time my stream slows as I pulse, and then resumes while she watches with fascination. As the pressure on my bladder goes down, I begin to feel more relaxed. My cock remains hard and horny, and the steady squirting slows to a small trickle. My penis and flexes again as I try to push out the remaining tinkle, and another little squirt of pee shoots out surprising her unexpectedly.

Suzie and I now sit there continuing to massage each others genitals, feeling the warmth and wetness all around us. She now moves my cock down into her pussy, and lets it slide deep inside. She leans back and spreads her legs wider, exposing her hard clit and swollen lips further. I move up on top of her and kiss her tits, letting my tongue wander all over her wide nipples. I slowly begin to move in and out, letting her completely relax and focus on my hard cock deep in her pussy. We both look down, entranced with the sight of her engorged clit sliding along on my wet shaft.

I continue, and she begins to moan again. I move in and out of her slowly and deliberately, feeling her and waiting for her cunt muscles to quiver. I feel her coming as I am deep inside, and try to hold back. She begins to shake as she goes over the edge. I go deep as I can and feel my cock explode with cum deep inside her. I hold her ass tight, letting my cock throb its cum out, and savoring the feel of her wet clit and soft pubic hairs on my shaft. We hold each other tight, and rest, glowing in the afterwarmth of orgasm and letting ourselves go.

I slowly get up and help Suzie up. We are both wet with cum, love juice and pee. I lead her into the bathroom and take her into the shower. We let the warm water run all over, and I take soap and clean her all over while she does the same to me. After I run soap all over her, I stand behind her and begin to lightly massage her pussy with my soapy hand. Her skin is soft, and her clit is still engorged. She quivers slightly as I touch her, and then moves her legs slightly apart. My cock is hardening again, and she can feel it sticking out under the crack of her ass. I hold her in my arms as I begin to masturbate her clit, and she squirms a bit as the excitement increases.

The intensity slowly builds, and I can feel her starting to quiver again and she begins to go limp in my arms. I lean back holding her in front of me with my now erect cock under her pussy, and run my fingers up and down her slit. She gives an abrupt shake and goes completely limp as the finger orgasm races up her spine. I continue to hold her while the intensity of the orgasm peaks, then slowly passes and she is able to stand. We rinse and step out of the shower, and then dry each other off, taking time to examine, kiss, and fondle each other's genitals. We go back to the bedroom and climb into bed, which has clean, dry sheets which have been stretched tight over the waterbed. I climb in next to her and again we get into a 69 position. She contentedly sucks on my somewhat limp cock while I lie my head on the inside of her thigh and contentedly kiss and suck all up and down her clean, warm pussy. We are both feeling relaxed and content, and drift off into sleep.

In the wee hours of the morning, while it is still dark, Suzie awakes and I feel her stirring. I am lying on my back with my head on a pillow. Suzie is next to me and moves over closer. It is very quiet. She whispers in my ear that the beer is still working on her, and she has to get up and tinkle. With this thought my penis immediately begins to grow, and the sheet over it starts to rise. It soon looks like a fat, round tent pole is under there, and Suzie watches with great intrigue the rising point. She reaches over under the sheet to feel my hard cock, and runs her fingers back and forth over the tip. I gently nudge her up and over me.

She is facing me, and slides down on top of me so that my vertical cock is snug up under her moist pussy (but not in it.) We kiss empassionately, and she wraps her arms around my neck and spreads her legs so that they are intertwined with mine. I can feel her breasts pressing down on my hairy chest and her head resting on my shoulder, and wrap my arms around her to hold her tight against me. She moves her hips up and down lightly to feel her clit rub on my shaft. I hold her tight, and massage the back of her head. I whisper for her to relax... let herself go. We lie there, listening to the quiet.

After a few moments of incredible anticipation, I feel a tingle of warmth on my cock as she begins to let her pee run free. I can feel the squirt of warm pee making its way down to the base of my hard shaft, seeping down on my balls. My cock immediately pulses with excitement. She feels the pulsation and tenses slightly, stopping her stream. I again massage the back of her neck, and wait. It is very quiet. Soon I feel the rush of warmth as she lets go with a full stream of pee. I can hear the muffled sound it makes as it rushes out. We lie there motionless, my cock hard and protruding under her pussy, the steady sound of the gush. The pee is rushing out, soaking her clit, the shaft of my cock, and my balls. As the flood grows, I can feel the warmth spreading under me, all around me. She remains lying on top of me in quiet contentment, waiting for all the last little squirts to come out.

She feels relaxed now, and wiggles a little to sample the hardness of my cock under her pussy. She slides her head upward and gives me a little kiss. "You're turn", she whispers. I can feel her wet pussy wrapped around my cock, and the tip of my penis is protruding above her ass just under the crack. I can feel the waves of anticipation building again, marching slowly down towards my erect cock. I try to relax enough to let myself go. I can feel the pee trying to work its way upward towards the tip of my erect penis. A little squirt shoots out and trickles down on Suzie's ass.

The warm drops run down her crack and onto her pussy. She squirms a little with the tickle of the warm wetness and the anticipation of more to come. After a pause, I again relax and slowly, a steady stream of warm pee begins. The stream grows stronger and makes a little fountain, running all over the back of her ass and down between our legs. As my erection eases, I relax completely and let my pee rush out full force. The fountain spreads beneath the sheets and Suzie can feel the warm wetness dripping all over her and down her pussy and clit. I can also feel it as it seeps down between her legs and off her cunt. Again we lie there motionless, enjoying the wet, warm feeling.

Finally the stream eases, and the last few drops run down. My cock flexes a few times pushing the last few squirts out, and my erection returns, pressing against her wet, hot cunt. Suzie is completely relaxed now and wants to fuck hard. She rises up and slightly arches her back. She slides forward letting the tip of cock move to her pussy, and then backwards guiding me deep inside her. We are both quite wet and quite horny. She moves her ass up and down slowly, using my hard cock for her pleasure. Her pace quickens as the intensity increases.

We both look down at our wet pubic hairs rubbing together, and her clit erect on the shaft of my hard cock. She uses her hips to move up and down, feeling me slide in and out. She moans slowly, steadily, anticipating the coming rush. I can feel the deep desire in my cock to let it shoot out cum. Suzie quivers a moment, pauses, and then collapses on me as the rush goes through her. I pull her tight and let my cock run free, shooting its cum deep. We lie there holding each other, feeling each other shake, immersed in the intensity of our desires.

We lie there, both quite wet and savoring the warm feeling of sexual satisfaction. A few moments pass. Suzie is still on top of me, feeling my penis relaxing and becoming flaccid inside her. She is now totally relaxed and completely at ease. She relaxes her sphincter again and lets some remaining little bits of pee trickle out in a state of complete uninhibitedness. I feel her tinkle again, rewarming my wet dick and balls. It is arousing, and I can feel my dick pulsing, wanting again to be hard. I am still just barely inside her pussy, and my cock aches to try and harden again. Suzie is still lying on top of me. We wait, holding each other close, immersed in the flood of sexual stimulation.

After some time passes, Suzie feels the change in my cock she was waiting for, and can feel it pulsing upwards, growing inside her. The thought and feeling arouses her again. She starts to move up and down slowly, curiously testing its size and firmness. With her gentle movement it steadily grows harder... longer... thicker. Slowly she is able to nurse it back to a reasonable state of firmness. It is hers for her pleasure, and she knows it. Again she begins to work it in and out, sideways, all around. It is very wet and slippery. I am silent, and move only slightly, pushing it in deep in sync.

Since I have already come once, it is now harder for me to come again even though my cock is trying so hard. Suzie knows this, and takes advantage of the situation. She slides her cunt all over my cock, trying different directions and angles. She works it like a challenge, letting it bring her close to the edge and then backing off. I enjoy it immensely. My cock throbs as I watch her and try to work up to one more magnificent orgasm. Finally, she can hold back no longer and takes the plunge over the edge. Her body jerks and quivers as she comes on top of me. I too let go in anticipation and my cock bursts forward once again trying to pump what little is left deep inside her. We lie there in each other's arms surrounded by the warm wetness of our passion, as we savor the intensity of sharing complete inhibition and gratification.

