Deepika the NRI Slut Ch. 01
	Back in India but not by choice.
Author: sin138

Deepika, is an American Indian, who is studying in India. She is 19 years old, with a petite body, and size C cup breasts. Her skin is of dark complexion, with a jet black hair. While in her first year, what started as blackmail from a few unruly boys turned to an opportunity to awaken her sexuality. However one of the boys, Anuj, took it too far, leading to her getting kicked out of the hostel. He worked with another girl, Hridhya who for some reason wanted the NRI teen to suffer. With vengeance in her mind, Deepika attempted to get back at them, with the help her friends, especially her former roommate, Priya. However, it turned out Anuj comes from powerful family, and wishes to use his power to get back at the teenaged American. His father convinced Deepika's mother to let Deepika complete her MBBS. Despite protests from the young girl, her mother turned a blind eye, the moment money became involved. The bright side is that at least she will be back with her friends. However Anuj, and Hridhya have other plans for her, as they are also following orders from someone more sinister than them. This year, Deepika will learn that terrible things happen to good people.

Chapter 1 – First day

The plane lands in Bangalore at 11:00AM. Deepika is wearing a tank top, short shorts, and a pair of sandals. As told, she only brought her backpack. It held her laptop, ticket, passport, her phone, and any documents to stay in India. It also contained some contact fluid for her lens. She did not even bring her wallet, as ordered.

While everyone else started second year, she has to pass her supplementary exams to continue, but that starts next month. She was told to text Anuj, her sponsor apparently, when she arrives.

I just came

Anuj:

LOL came

Get a cab and go to your new apartment

Ill tell u when u sit inside one

Deepika:

I didn't bring any money

Anuj:

that's not my problem

find a way to get there

and text me when you are in the car

This has proven to be more difficult than she has hoped. She can't order a prepaid taxi without any money, so she has to talk to the cab drivers. Most do not speak English. When she finally found one, he has turned his back on her when she mentioned she does not have any cash. Not sure what to do, she walks towards the cab driver, and gropes his testicles, and whispered she'll make the ride worth it. The driver pushed the teen away from him, berating her loudly for others to hear. Deepika, bows her heard i shame as the other drivers sneer at her actions. One driver however goes up to her and offers her a ride.

"I don't have any money," she says.

"I know," he states. "But if you happen to be a nice girl, I won't have to charge you."

She doesn't know what he planned for her, but at least she does not have to pay. She messages Anuj the moment she sat inside. Her phone suddenly rings. This time Anuj is calling her.

"Hello?"

"Give the phone to the driver," Anuj orders. "And call him sir. Show some respect."

"Excuse me, sir," she calls to the driver as he turns on the car. "My friend would like to talk to you."

As she passes the mobile, the driver starts shouting in Hindi, at the phone. One would think they are arguing with each other if it were not for the loud laughter. He then throws phone back at her. Anuj has already hung up.

"He told me where to take you," he explains. "He also told me not to talk to you unless needed and to call you NRI slut, even if you don't like it. I am interested to know why to be honest"

They drive down the hills on the highway, and driver keeps eyeing the teen through his rear-view mirror. After half hour, they stop at a food cart.

"Get out of the car," he barks. "You're friend's order."

"What does he want?"

"He told me not to bother answering your questions," he explained. "He also told me, that if you disobey what I say, I can just leave you in the middle of the road."

She got out of the car, along with the driver. The driver starts speaking with the food vender. After a few minutes, he calls out to her.

"Come here NRI slut."

She walks towards the two men.

"This man will gladly give you his sandals," the driver casually explains. "In exchange for your clothes."

"Wait what?" Deepika exclaims.

She is taken aback at the statement by her driver.

"I thought we were just gonna fuck," she says. "These are the only clothes I have on me."

"You're not behaving like a good girl, NRI slut," he warns. "Either way, this is an order from your friend."

She stands silently, knowing that this is what Anuj wanted from her. At least she has her back pack with her. She slips her arms inside the sleeves, and quickly pulls her t-shirt off. She is not wearing any underwear, again thanks to Anuj's orders. She then slips off her shorts, and throws them on the ground.

"Is this how you treat your clothes?" the driver scolds. "You are to fold them nicely and give it to this kind man."

Reluctantly she obeys, as the two men leer at her tight body. She is forbidden from using his car, forcing her to fold the clothes on the ground. As she squats, the perverted men stare at her exposed front side. As soon as she finished she carries them to the vendor, who graciously accepts them. He takes off his sandals and gave them to her, as she slips off hers.

As soon as the driver gave her permission to go back in the car, she runs straight back to the car, only to find it locked. The two laugh at her struggle.

"You are to sit in the front seat," he says, as he slowly walks towards the car.

She finally gets inside as soon as he unlocks the car. Thank goodness no car passed by throughout the whole ordeal. The ride afterwards was uneventful. Apart from random pictures taken by the driver, the two were silent.

Suddenly the driver pushes her head towards his lap.

"I've seen this on the internet," he explains. "You are going to give me a blowjob while I'm driving."

Deepika is a little surprised at what he wants. She expected something a bit more insane, but she is not going to complain. She unzips his pants, and pulls out his semi erect penis out of his boxers. She then starts sucking it, and feels it harden in her mouth.

"You know, you just gave that poor bastard something to masturbate to, NRI slut," he groans. "I don't think he ever saw a hot girl naked in front of him before."

She bobs her head up and down, trying to ignore his comments. It is not as easy as she hopes. He just keeps talking. She increases the frequency to make him cum faster. Turns out making him ejaculate is even more difficult. She sucks harder, and bobs even faster. Nothing still comes out. After what felt like forever, she finally feels his sperm fill up her mouth.

"Don't spill in my car," he warns her.

She swallows every drop she receives. As soon as she finished, she raises her head. They have parked in front of the apartment. Her eyes widen when she notices the Senior Boys's Hostel happens to be right next door. Without question, Anuj planned it this way.

"Took you forever to finally finish me off," he snickers. "I also got your number from your friend. I'll message you so you have mine. You're room number is 305. Nice to meet you NRI slut, now get out of my cab."

Before she can react she is pushed out of the cab. She starts running straight to the entrance, passing a sleeping guard, who fortunately does not notice nubile teen. She rushes straight into the elevator, and pushes the button for the third floor. As soon as the door opens, she runs to the room she was destined to be in, only to find it locked and with a note on the door.

Confused, Deepika reads the note, while also praying no one catches her in her state.


Hello Deepika,

Take all of your documents and slip them underneath the door. Leave your bag, and anything else you have with you in front of the door and go to room 205. This includes any glasses and/or contacts you may own. Bring your phone and laptop. Only when you come to room 205, with nothing in your name, you are allowed into your room. When you are done reading, kindly remove this note and slip it under the door too.

Sincerely,

Your BFF

XOXO

This is not Anuj's handwriting. Whoever wrote this was very specific about eyewear. She is feeling uneasy about relieving her documents to some unknown door. It is however better than leaving it in the bag for anyone to take it. She quickly opens her bag and slips all her documents through the door. She then pulls the note down, and pushes it inside. There is no reason to remove her contacts, she needs them to see.

The touch of the granite chills her toes. She pulls out her laptop and charger, along with her phone. Thankfully the laptop is big enough to cover the breasts, with the phone covering her pussy. She then runs to the staircase and down to the second floor, while gripping her laptop, and phone to give her an ounce of decency. Finally, she is at the room 205. She knocks, only to find it already open. She steps inside to find not only Anuj, but Hridhya as well.

"Don't come in slut," Hridhya devilishly greeted her. "You did not remove your contacts did you?"

"I need them to see," she explains. "Also how did you know I wear them?"

"As if I care," she taunts, as she takes Deepika's laptop and phone. Anuj then pushes Deepika out, and shuts. She tries to open the door, but Anuj will not budge.

Without any choice, she removes her contacts.

"What should I do with them?"

"Leave them on the ground," Hridhya shouts.

Deepika dropped them on the floor. She is helpless without glasses.

"They are off," she says.

The door was open. As she stepped inside she could see somewhat blurry couches and a television.

"Stop," Anuj orders. "I need to check your holes to make sure you are not carrying anything else."

Deepika is forced to bend over the table and as he stuffs his fingers into her pussy. Instead of feeling for anything, he just simply fingers her pussy relentlessly. She had not been touched by someone else for months. She did touch herself, but it just was not the same. She can feel herself about to climax. Just a few more seconds, then Anuj pulls out his fingers and makes her turn around.

Disappointed she turns as Anuj sticks his finger into her mouth. Surprisingly, this is the first time she tastes her pussy juices, at least from what she remembered. Anuj smiles creepily as Hridhya records in the background.

"You're clean," Anuj announces.

"I would like to thank you for giving me the laptop and phone, as a donation to the new Lengavi Slut College," Hridhya laughed. "Or L.S.C. for short."

Deepika stays silent.

She wants to reach down to her groin to finish herself off, but Anuj slaps her hands away.

"Sit down on the table," Anuj orders. "And keep your legs spread. The others are in class right now, so it's just us two. This gives us time to talk about your new school, and don't worry, you are still in Medical College with us."

"We have a paper for you to sign," Hridhya explains. "And if you make any fuss, Anuj's dad will be notified. Understand?"

"Yes," Deepika weakly says.

She is given a paper and pen. Anuj directs her where to sign it, as she cannot see the writing. Hridhya signs as a witness, and then dictates what is written on the sheet, while Anuj makes the NRI teen sit on her lap, getting access to her body.


I, Deepika, have accepted the title of "NRI Slut." Much like the MBBS curriculum, I have a slut curriculum to follow. The curriculum has been planned and decided by the administration. I have nothing that belongs to me, and anything I do own, and is with me in India, has been graciously given to my provider. As an NRI slut I must follow the following basic rules.

1.I must call everyone sir/madam, as I am their student, and everyone is my professor

2.I must follow the dress code while I am in the apartment, which is to be fully naked in the apartment, unless I am given permission to wear clothes. Socks, shoes, and eyewear however are allowed.

3.I do not own anything. Anything I may have possessed, has been graciously donated to the administration.

4.I have a reverse-curfew. Between 8:00am to 6:00pm, I will not have access to my apartment. The administration, and a few high ranking professors shall have the keys to the apartment. If I wish to enter within those times, I must ask permission from one of them.

5.If my slut curriculum clashes with my MBBS curriculum, the slut curriculum takes first priority, no matter what.

6.I will be given assignments throughout the year that I must complete. If I don't, then I will not be qualified for the final exams.

7.If I pass the final exams, then I shall advance to the next stage of my slutdom. If I fail however, I shall either be expelled from this school (along with my medical school) or accept any punishment given by the administration, to advance to the next stage.

8.Telling anyone about my curriculum will lead to immediate expulsion.

9.If I ever get caught, following the slut curriculum, I will take full responsibility, and I will not mention any other person involved. Dodging such responsibility will result with expulsion.

By signing below, I accept my title as the NRI Slut. I will surrender any possessions I currently have with me in India, including my email address, Facebook account, or any other accounts.

X____

NRI Slut

X____

Witness

"This is pretty excessive guys," Deepika responds, with a raised eyebrow. "Also why would I give up my Facebook access? In fact, what's to stop me from ripping that paper?"

"Those documents you slipped in the door are for my room," Hridhya explains. "Thanks your stunt, I had to move out of my old apartment. If you don't do what we tell you to, then I'm just gonna burn those papers, and you'll be kicked out of the apartment."

"No I have a better idea," Anuj butts in. "We just get her in trouble, and have her sent to jail. You know how messed up the cops are in this town."

There seems to be no way out. She writes the passwords to Hridhya to all of her internet accounts. Hridhya smiles and whispers to Deepika, "Karma's a bitch."

Anuj then positions his cock beneath her, inserts it, and orders her to grind against it. She moans loudly, as she feels the friction from his cock. She felt horny since her car ride, and his fingering put her on the edge. All she can do was groan in pleasure, as Anuj filled her womb with his seed. Before she was allowed to rest, she felt Anuj lift her up and drag her to another room.

"What's going on?" she pants.

"You're going to an ophthalmologist," Hridhya explains. "Anuj is going to dress you."

