Jessie's phone call

Author: J.E. Hart

Jessie glanced up at the clock on the wall across from her. It read 11:30.

Still too early for lunch, she thought, tapping her pen against a pad of sticky notes.

Ordinarily, she wouldn’t have minded how long the morning was dragging by. Her job, while boring, was easy enough and she enjoyed the atmosphere of the office. Today, however, she’d had one too many cups of coffee before she left for work and she was feeling its effect on her bladder now.

She intended on using the bathroom as soon as she made it to the office, but in a cruel twist of fate, she spent the first two hours of her work day tied to the phone. The next several minutes were spent doing the work she wanted to do an hour earlier while waiting for an important phone call.

Her lunch break was fast approaching, but not soon enough. Her bladder was sending signals to her urethra that it was time to empty before it became an emergency, but she didn’t have a chance to leave her desk now.

Jessie cleared her throat and swiveled her chair a few inches back and forth. It helped take her mind off the surges of desperation that were coursing through her lower abdomen every few minutes.

Each second ticked by agonizingly slowly and she became increasingly worried that the phone was going to ring a minute before her lunch break and she would be stuck for another hour, being forced to take a late lunch — and postpone her toilet break.

“Jessie, can I see you in my office for a minute? I want to go over a potential new client with you.”

Jessie’s boss, Rick, stopped in front of her desk. He waited patiently for her answer, which she wanted so badly to be ‘no.’ She couldn’t turn down her boss, though, so she smiled at him pleasantly. “Of course. I’m waiting for a phone call, though. Could I meet you after I punch out for lunch?”

“Don’t worry about the call. I’ll have someone else answer and stay on hold for you until we’re done.”

“Oh, okay.” Jessie stood up, smoothed out her skirt, and followed Rick into his office.

Her bladder twinged as she took her first few steps forward, and for a brief, panicky second, she wondered if she’d miscalculated how much time she had left before her pee problem became urgent.

She tried not to think about how full she was with piss right now, instead focusing on what Rick was saying.

“I think he’d be a great asset to our client list, but he’s still unsure about using our company. I’d like to recommend you to him, since you’re one of the top employees here. Would you be willing to look over his portfolio and tell me if you think you’d be a good fit?”

“Absolutely.” Jessie took the file Rick handed her and sat down opposite him on the other side of his desk.

Subtly, she bounced one knee as she perused said client’s portfolio. It was hard to concentrate at this point, but she forced herself to, pushing her growing desperation and physical discomfort to the back of her mind.

“I think he’d be an excellent fit,” she told her boss. “Just let me know if he joins after all. I’d be happy to work with him.”

“Perfect. I’ll send him your information then and see what he thinks.”

“Is that all?”

“Yep. Oh, one more thing — could you take these files over to Courtney? I emailed her the digital copies, but she needs the hard copies too.”

“I can. She might be out to lunch already, but I’ll leave them at her desk if she’s gone.”

“Thank you, Jessie.”

Jessie stood up carefully, wanting to cradle her rapidly filling, tender bladder. She didn’t since the last thing she wanted to do was draw attention to her predicament, but she did hover her hand protectively around her lower abdomen. One bump into something and it would be all over for her.

As soon as she was out of Rick’s office, she let out a sigh of relief. “At least I can go use the bathroom now," she muttered.

As she walked past the front desk on her way to the women’s restroom, the receptionist waved her down. “Phone call on line three for you, Jessie.”

Jessie’s heart dropped. “Thanks.”

She turned around and made her way back to her desk defeatedly.

So close.

The worst part was, it was 12:05. She’d made it to the time she gave herself to wait, but it didn’t do her any good: she had to wait even longer.

She sat down in her desk chair, crossed her legs awkwardly, and took a deep breath before jumping into her usual greeting to whoever was on the other end of the phone.

Courntey's Traffic Trouble

She realized quickly that this was going to be a long phone call. Waiting another five, ten minutes would have been okay. But it was shaping up to be yet another long stint chained to the desk with a phone in her hand like this morning.

The way her pee hole was tingling, she wasn’t sure she had that much time — or space — left in her. Three cups of coffee plus several hours of not being able to empty her bladder even once was a recipe for a wet disaster and a bundle of public humiliation in front the people she worked with.

Jessie pushed her thighs together and resolved not to have so much as a leak as long as she sat in front of her desk. If willpower and slightly weakened muscles were all she had to keep her from losing control, she was going to use them to the best of her ability.

“Yes, thank you. That’d be great. All right, all hold.”

Some generic music began playing over the phone and Jessie sighed frustratedly, wiggling her heeled foot around frantically. The worst part about sitting down in an open office building was that she couldn’t move much without looking conspicuous.

“You okay?”

Jessie quickly uncrossed her legs and turned her chair to look up at her coworker, Grace. “I’m fine,” she told her. “Just tired of being on this phone for ages.”

“Mmm, I get it. I was actually going to ask you if you wanted to go to lunch with me, but I can see that you’re busy. Maybe tomorrow?”

“Ugh, I’d love to go today. I’m starving, but, yeah, I do have to stay here on the phone.”

Grace perked up. “Hey, why don’t I pick up something for you? That way you don’t have to worry about a lunch break today since it’ll probably be past lunch by the time you make it out of here.”

Jessie thought about the implications of eating lunch in at the office. She could still run to the bathroom, but the lunch break was her casual way of not looking like she was desperate for a toilet when she left.

On the other hand, she was hungry and eating lunch while she was on hold would give her more time right after she got off the phone and by that time she knew she would have to use the bathroom or wet herself from holding too long.

“Where are you going for lunch?” she asked.

“The place across the street,” Grace responded.

“I’ll take a sandwich — turkey on rye.” Jessie bent down and dug in her purse for some money to give to Grace.

She instantly regretted leaning over so far. It put pressure on her bladder, which contracted. She could feel pee at the tip of her pee hole, with the only thing holding it back being her tired, overused muscles.

“What are you doing?” Grace asked.

“Trying to get some money for the sandwich,” Jessie replied, hoping the strain in her voice wasn’t obvious.

“Oh, don’t worry about that. It’s on me.”

Jessie sat up, relieved to not be putting unnecessary pressure on her bursting bladder anymore. “Thanks, Grace. I really appreciate it.”

Grace left to get lunch and Jessie replaced the phone beside her ear. She was really struggling now after the purse incident. Her pee hole was throbbing and every second it felt like more piss was dripping into her bladder, filling it up fuller and fuller until she was ready to explode.

Now that she was alone in the office with everyone else out to lunch, she bounced in her chair, swung her legs around, and whimpered softly in an effort to hold the flood back.

“I really have to pee,” she moaned, biting on her lower lip.

The longer she waited on the phone, the worse her desperation got.

Finally someone on the other end picked up again and Jessie was able to continue her agonizingly long call.

“Thank you. Yep, that’s it. Okay. I’ll email that to my manager. Sure thing. Thanks again — bye.”

Almost one hour after beginning the phone call, she was off the phone, and not a moment too soon. There was a dampness in her panties that hadn’t been there a ew minutes earlier. He bladder was about to pop. All that coffee was simply too much for her to hold for so many long, tedious hours.

She slowly, gingerly stood up from her seat, letting the weight shift in her bladder as gently as possible.

“I’m actually going to wet myself,” she breathed, sucking air in as a wave of desperation hit her hard.

As much as she wanted to run to the bathroom, Jessie had to walk slowly or lose control on the way. She checked the clock as she shuffled past it, realizing everyone would be coming back for lunch within minutes or even seconds. If she didn’t hurry, there would be a long line for the bathrooms and she would be stuck immobile in one of them, forced to hold back her massive amount of piss for another minute or two.

She breathed heavily as she walked, holding herself through her skirt. It was all she had left to do while she was walking, since she had to separate her legs enough to walk.

As she passed by a desk cluttered with papers, she remembered something:

“I didn’t give Courtney the documents from Rick!”

Courtney came down the hallway as soon as Jessie had finished her sentence.

“Courtney!”

She straightened up as Courtney looked her way. “Hey, Jessie.”

“I have something for you. Come with me to my desk?”

“Sure.”

As much as it pained Jessie, she walked at a normal pace back to her desk, silently pleading with her body to wait until she was sitting on a toilet before releasing her pee.

“These are for you from Rick. He mentioned that you needed the hard copies.”

“Oh, of course! Thank you so much. I needed these today, actually, so this is perfect.”

While she listened to Courtney speak, Jessie subtly rubbed her hand against her thigh, wishing she could replace it against her pussy where it was needed most. More people were entering the building again and the hallway — the same hallway that led to the bathrooms — was packed full as everyone returned from a satisfying lunch.

Courtney continued to talk about what exactly she needed the files for. Jessie sighed quietly. Courtney was a delightful person, but she did like to talk, and at a time like this where every second counted, talking was Jessie’s enemy.

“I’m sorry, Courtney, but I kind of need the bathroom — badly. I’ll talk to you later, okay?”

“Oh, I’m so sorry. Yes, go, please. I didn’t mean to keep you!”

“It’s fine! We’ll catch up soon, but right now it’s a little bit of an emergency.”

Jessie blushed as she hobbled away, not caring if anyone saw her hand go up her skirt anymore. A spurt of pee dampened her panties again, turning the bright white cotton darker as it soaked through.

She worried about leaking enough that the pee would drip down to the floor. It hadn’t yet, but her panties were wet enough now that it wouldn’t be long before all the urine passed directly through them.

She hurried by a small group of coworkers as she rounded the corner, the bathroom mere feet away. Her heart nearly stopped when she saw the line for the women’s toilets.

“I can’t wait in that line!” she murmured, her eyes widening.

There were at least half a dozen women standing in the line. Some waited patiently while others shifted uncomfortably, obviously on their way to being desperate to pee.

Jessie was beyond desperation. Another spurt of pee dribbled down her leg before a longer leak hissed as it escaped. She gasped and kept walking past the bathroom queue. If she stopped now, she would lose control. She had no choice but to keep going — where, she didn’t know.

As she passed by a couple of doors that were most likely locked, she had an idea. She needed something to help distract her, so she went over the plan aloud, talking to herself:

“The conference room should be open, but no one will be in there right after lunch.” Jessie spoke to herself in a hushed tone so that no one else she might encounter in the hallway would hear her. “I can go in there and piss in a wastebasket. It’s my only option at this point.”

She whimpered as she lost another short burst of urine. It warmed her panties for a brief second before leaving them cool and damp against her pussy again.

Jessie made a beeline for the conference room. Based on the small window in the middle of the door, she could tell that the lights were off.

“Good, no one’s inside.”

She held her breath and twisted the door handle. It gave and she let out a sigh of relief as she ducked inside the quiet, darkened room.

There was a long table in the middle of the room with chairs set out all around it. There were no signs of anything prepared for later in the day, so Jessie’s hope was that no one would walk in on her while she was doing the dirty deed.

Her bladder and pee hole throbbed. She eased her way to the closest garage can she could fine and leaned over to grab it.

“Ooh, no!” She shoved her hand up her skirt and pressed it hard into her pussy in a futile attempt to stop a large leak.

Her palm was filled with her hot, fresh piss. She couldn’t lean over again like that or she’d lose it all.

Carefully, she straightened up as much as she could, bouncing on the spot. Now that she had a chance to examine the little wastepaper basket she’d picked up, she realized she made a fatal flaw:

“This bin has holes in it! It will never hold my pee.”

Frantically, Jessie looked around the room for another receptacle to pee in. Her bladder spasmed and she had to drop the basket she was holding and use both hands to hold back another leak.

She moaned in pain as she stopped her piss from coming out of her pee hole. The feeling lingered at the tip of her pee hole. She was seconds away from fully wetting herself and she was trapped in a room where she could barely see in the dark and there was nowhere to pee.

“I need to pee!” she whined, bouncing up and down and stepping back and forth. Everything she tried to buy herself another minute or two was futile. Her bladder was too full and she’d run out of time.

In one last, desperate attempt to find a decent place to pee, Jessie ran across the room to the other side. There was nothing over there and the run was enough to jostle the contents of her overfilled, fragile bladder.

A huge spurt of pee sprayed onto the floor, making a tiny little dark patch beneath her. Jessie gasped and spread her legs a fraction of a second before she exploded.

Her piss flooded her panties, spread around the back of her skirt and ass, and splattered on the carpeted floor. She peed for what felt like minutes upon minutes, slowly emptying her bladder of all the coffee she had that morning.

Jessie closed her eyes and leaned against the wall, spreading her legs as much as her tight skirt allowed her to. She sighed and let all her muscles relax. There was no fighting it now. All she had left to do was enjoy the almost orgasmic release of her bladder.

When the last few drops fell onto the floor, she opened her eyes again and looked down. There was an enormous circle of wetness. It looked like someone had spilled a big glass of water — or pissed themselves from holding too much for too long.

“I can’t believe I just did that,” she panted, still trying to catch her breath from the last couple of minutes.

She attempted to shake some of the urine from her skirt, which did no good at all. Fortunately, the black skirt hid most of what she’d done to it. There was a small patch in front where she’d pressed her hand earlier and what felt like a larger patch in the back from her accident moments ago.

She carefully opened the door to the conference room and peeked out. The hallway was much brighter than the room she’d found refuge in and she had to blink a couple of times to get used to it.

“Time for my walk of shame.” She took a deep breath and stepped out, trying her best to walk confidently in spite of her wet clothes.

Jessie was certain a couple of coworkers did a double take as she made her way past them. No doubt she’d hear something about it later from one of her friends, but she would deal with that when it happened.

“I wonder how long it will take someone to find what I did in the conference room,” she mumbled, quickly sitting down in her desk chair so no one else could get a good look at her damp skirt. “Maybe no one will ever catch it. It can be my little secret.”

She felt a little bad — and a little naughty — for peeing on the floor of her workplace. But desperate times called for desperate measures, and Jessie certainly was desperate.

And every time she replayed her massive accident in her mind, she couldn’t help but smile. The relief had been immense and in the end she was left with an empty bladder and a story she wouldn’t forget anytime soon.

