Queen of the Hills - Episode Two

Author: Splashfics

Part 2

What will it take to push her all the way?

This was the question Ruby asked herself - and not for the first time - as she and her room-mates sat recovering in their suite. After two consecutive nights of partying, freshers week was off to a flyer and the four residents on the top floor of the Lazuli wing were already quite the worse for wear.

Lauri had been successfully retrieved from the hospital on Monday, just in time to join the masses of Camber University first years on the 'monster' bar-crawl that had kicked off the week in fittingly boozy style. While the girl was understandably hesitant to overdo it after her mishap at the weekend (of which she remembered little), others were less inclined to hold back. Everyone was free to go at their own pace and opt out of having a drink at every stop along the way, however a determined 'hardcore' inevitably managed to complete the full set. Of the handful of girls in that number, two happened to belong to the Camber Manor residence and funnily enough, shared the very same suite. Incredibly, by the time they boarded the minibus to head back up into the hills, neither of those two girls had made a single trip to the toilet the whole night and when they finally arrived back home, one of those girls didn’t even bother to empty her bladder before she went to bed...

Tuesday's excursion was a club night-out in a neighbouring town, and once more the Camber Manor residents had taken to minibuses in their droves to join up with other party-minded freshers from across the University. Naturally, a large number of them brought along various containers of alcohol in order to 'get the party started' early, but one passenger was carrying something of an entirely different nature. Without a pee when she'd woken up that morning, or at any point throughout the rest of the afternoon, she'd boarded the minibus still holding the entire contents of her bladder from the night before and would go on to party just as hard and drink just as much as any of the other mad revellers. Amazingly, she returned to the residence carrying everything she'd brought along with her and more, but after throwing herself down shattered at the end of a marathon night of dancing, she again neglected to visit the toilet, instead going straight to sleep without even getting undressed.

As Ruby stared at Cordelia on Wednesday morning, she knew she was holding onto an astronomical volume of pee, but apart from a vague frown, that could have easily been blamed on the general air of tiredness hanging over all of them, she was clearly untroubled. What wasn't clear was why Cordelia was still holding her pee. Ruby wondered if she'd emptied her bladder on Sunday night solely to make a grand statement. In hindsight, Cordelia had, quite unashamedly left the bathroom door wide open, so it wouldn't have been too far-fetched a notion, and also, considering that it had now been more than two days since, she was wilfully allowing her bladder to fill far beyond the previous incredible milestone. Cordelia could, at any moment, walk right into the bathroom and stop the madness, but she chose not to. It was a mystery to Ruby, but then she began to wonder if Cordelia’s reluctance might possibly stem from a desire to make yet another statement...

Just at that moment, someone knocked at the door of the suite. Vanessa got up to answer and she was promptly greeted by a very enchanting voice. Standing in the hallway was the exceptionally well-dressed second year they'd seen talking to Cordelia at Saturday's orientation and today she looked no less dazzling. Ruby noted, in fact, that she and Cordelia both shared a similar radiance that was somewhat difficult to put into words.

'Alloo! Iz Cordelia at home?'

From the single-seater, Cordelia looked up and without getting up, waved her visitor inside. The girl smiled at Vanessa and the others on her way past and then perched herself on the arm of the settee to Cordelia's left-hand side. Withdrawing a handful of sealed envelopes from a small briefcase, she handed one to Cordelia and let her scan it for a moment while she put the rest back in. After re-fastening her briefcase, she stood up and then with another pleasant smile, promptly took her leave.

It didn't occur to anyone to ask Cordelia what any of this was about and Cordelia didn't care to enlighten them, so after the door snapped shut, they all collectively shrugged and turned their minds to breakfast.

For obvious reasons, a distinct majority of Camber Manor was absent for breakfast in the dining hall that morning. This meant there was plenty of food, and not to mention tea and coffee left over by the time the four Lazuli girls made their way downstairs. Vanessa was more than happy to help herself to an extra few servings of her favourite beverage and zipped from side to side between the trolley and their table more times than Ruby could count. Cordelia, surprisingly, remained at the table and kept her legs tightly crossed while she quietly nibbled on a piece of toast. Ruby wondered, or rather she hoped, that this subdued demeanour might mean Cordelia was finally starting to feel the pressure of her bladder. She hadn't been for a pee in over two days and had even had the audacity to pour herself a cup of tea to go with her toast that morning, so surely, Ruby thought, she must be struggling...

Vanessa again got up to fetch another refill and this time, came back with a familiar face in tow. As she retook her place at the table, she was joined on her left side by a grinning Connie, who she'd run into at the drinks trolley.

'Morning, girls! Just checking you all managed to get a drop of coffee before Vanessa went and demolished the entire thing!'

She laughed and poked Vanessa in the side, explaining how she'd noticed her several trips to the trolley from her table on the other side of the hall. Vanessa, to her credit, took the joke in good humour, pointing out how few people were down that morning and declaring that someone had to drink it.

'No, that's fair enough,' Connie chuckled, 'Actually, you've given me a bit of a brainwave...'

She paused and turned slightly to face the rest of the table.

'Have you ever heard of a kegger?'

No one was entirely sure, so Connie carried on. 'Well it’s an American fraternity slash sorority sort of thing and it involves a keg of beer first and foremost... Then you gather a bunch of people together and everyone gets absolutely hammered... Basically, some friends of mine managed to get hold of about four or five barrels, and they’re looking for people to come along to theirs and help them drink it - but also they want ideas for crazy drinking games, so I was thinking it’d be hilarious to have, like, a hold-it contest and get you girls involved! I mean, after Sunday night, I can’t think of anyone better to call on really! It’ll be such a laugh!'

Amidst Connie's enthusiasm, Lauri alone looked around the table in confusion.

'Wait, what happened on Sunday? I'm completely lost.'

Connie grinned sympathetically.

'Sorry, Lauri! Well, you see, it was thanks to

Vanessa's big bladder that we made it back from the hospital in one piece!'

Vanessa covered her mouth and batted at Connie in mild embarrassment.

'What? I don't have- It's not that big, is it? I mean Cord-'

But before Vanessa could finish her sentence, Connie interrupted her, looking towards Ruby suddenly.

'She so does, right?'

With a grin to reassure Vanessa, Connie waited for Ruby to back her up, knowing she'd also heard enough that night to know better. What Connie didn't know however, was that Ruby had heard more than just Vanessa use the toilet on Sunday. Lauri though, having only returned later the following day, was none the wiser and could only recall the two occasions, both after returning from Monday and Tuesday night's excursions, when she'd heard her own room-mate on the toilet. Beating Ruby to the punch, she blurted out her somewhat delayed astonishment in support of Connie’s claims.

'Oh gosh! I actually wasn't going to say anything about that!'

Lauri blushed bright red as the memories flooded back to her.

'I thought you’d been blasting the tap in there all this time, Vanessa!'

She and Connie laughed, while Vanessa cracked an embarrassed smile and hid the rest of her face. Eventually Connie stood up and still giggling, reiterated her invitation.

'No no, but in all seriousness it'd be amazing to have you take part.'

She then glanced at Cordelia, making an extra effort to strike the right tone.

'You're... welcome to join in too! Anyway, if you're in, just knock on my door before six and I'll give you all a lift.'

Vanessa composed herself and cleared her throat.

'Well I've got no choice now, have I? I'm in!'

Connie gave her a thumbs up, then said goodbye and returned to her table on the other side of the hall. Shaking her head, still amused by the whole exchange, Vanessa bashfully stared into her coffee. On the opposite side of the table, Cordelia took another bite of toast. Ruby could tell she wasn't pleased about something and judging by the way she was now looking at Connie in the distance, it wasn't difficult to figure out the subject of her ire...

Long after breakfast was over and the girls returned to their suite, Cordelia's face remained exactly the same. As far as Ruby could tell, she wasn't angry, but there was an intensity about her that couldn't be ignored. Despite how uncomfortable she'd looked all morning, it seemed more unlikely than ever that Cordelia would be using the toilet any time soon, especially while Vanessa herself went without.

Shortly before six, the girls were almost ready, except for Lauri and Ruby, who were still in their respective bedrooms. Doing her best to hurry up while haphazardly applying lip gloss in the mirror, Ruby overheard a particularly interesting exchange between Cordelia and Vanessa. Already dressed and ready, the two girls inevitably met in the sitting room and Vanessa brought up the subject of that night's hold-it contest for the first time since breakfast.

'Do you think we should go for a wee now, or when we get to the party?'

At this point, Ruby's hand stopped in mid-air and her eyes darted towards the door to catch Cordelia's quite dismissive response.

'If you need to...'

'Hmm... Well I don't really... All right, I'll leave it... What about you?'

'I'm perfectly fine, thankyou...'

Ruby wondered just how much of that was true and how much was Cordelia playing up to Vanessa. There was no way she could be 'perfectly fine’ after nearly three days without going to the toilet, but then again, there she was, evidently quite willing to enter this crazy competition without even emptying her bladder beforehand. If she was prepared to push herself that far, Ruby was happy to buckle herself in for the ride. With a shiver of excitement, she applied the finishing touches to her make up and then joined the others, more than ready to get the night started.

Somewhere on the outskirts of town, one half hour after setting off from Camber Manor, the five girls in Connie's car arrived at their destination. As they pulled off the road, it became apparent that despite having 'arrived', there still remained about a hundred yards of driveway to negotiate before they reached the front door. Way off in the distance, a magnificent country house stood between two banks of trees, its windows glowing warmly with an array of vehicles parked out in front.

'So Ronnie and Bonnie - my friends - they’re pretty well off as you can tell. Their dad owns something like fifty pubs and restaurants around the country - which actually sucks for them because he's always away on business - but they’re always a laugh and their house is always dripping with booze, so it’s not so bad!'

Connie found a space to park the car and while everybody prepared to get out, she continued to chat about the twin girls she’d known all her life. Ruby, much like Cordelia in the front seat, had tuned out a long time ago, but not because she was tired of listening to Connie rabbit on.

Her attention was split between keeping a close eye on Cordelia and at the same time imagining excitedly how she’d fare in the looming hold-it contest. Having had her legs crossed the entire journey, there was every reason to believe that Cordelia was already making quite an effort to hold onto the contents of her bladder. If she didn’t pee before the contest - and Ruby was confident that she wouldn’t - surely she’d only be sealing her fate. Nevertheless, on exiting the car, Cordelia uncrossed her legs without any hesitation. It was anyone’s guess what kind of toll such casual movements were taking on her body, but if indeed it was the case that she was suffering, she certainly wasn’t showing it.

No one would have guessed, when Cordelia walked into the party that night, that she hadn’t been for a pee in nearly three days. It seemed like rather than becoming more difficult as time went on, she was gaining strength and almost feeding off the energy of her surroundings. With her shoulders back and her posture perfect, she drew stares the minute she entered the house. Just like on the afternoon Ruby had first met her, the same expression of awe was reflected on the faces of all the boys and girls that saw Cordelia as she passed.

Ronnie and Bonnie, having greeted Connie and her guests at the door, led them inside to almost rapturous delight. It turned out that the two girls and everyone else at the party were second years at Camber Hills University, but they had all also gone to the same sixth-form Connie previously attended, so they were thrilled to welcome her back into their midst as a bona fide University student. Even more so than Connie though, Cordelia was received as if she were some sort of celebrity and the curl to her lip suggested she felt like one too.

After a considerable walk across a vast hallway, they reached the living room, where the majority of house guests were concentrated. Through an archway at the far end of the room, Ruby spotted, atop the long dining room table, five beer kegs neatly lined in a row.

'Cool eh? Ronnie actually got 'em up there by herself!'

Ronnie, who was built somewhat like a bulldog with an oddly charming face, flexed her biceps at this remark. With a grin, she gestured towards the table.

'Shall we get them down then?'

Bonnie agreed, and this time giving her sister a hand, they lifted down the first of the kegs to a rousing cheer. Never missing an opportunity to make herself useful, Vanessa stepped forward to volunteer a hand of her own, closely followed by Lauri, who despite her size, was indeed deceptively strong. Connie too started to make a move before Ronnie stopped her and the other advancing helpers.

'No need for all of them yet! There’s thirty litres in this!’

Given that there were around thirty guests in total, that meant at least a litre per head per keg -more than enough to go around for the time being.

‘I mean, unless anyone reckons they can crush the whole keg by themselves!’

The whole room laughed. Ronnie was joking, but Connie then remembered the wild idea she’d had that morning and made a suggestion in her ear.

'Actually, what if we have a drinking competition and give away a keg to the winner...

I was thinking... how about the person with the biggest ‘keg’ gets to take one home...’

‘The biggest keg? You mean like-’

‘Yeah, last one to break the seal wins’’ Connie said with a grin.

As soon as she’d finished her sentence, Ronnie and Bonnie were both grinning too.

‘That sounds like a laugh! Who’s in then?’ they yelled.

A flurry of hands went up around the dining room and Connie turned to the Lazuli wing girls to confirm they too were still game. Lauri ruled herself out immediately, revealing with some amusement that she already needed to go for a pee. Vanessa smiled, nodding determinedly yet bashfully and said she was in. To her side, Cordelia flicked her hair and stated her own intentions with a smile.

‘Too right I’m game..!'

Ruby was so struck by Cordelia’s confidence that she almost forgot to enter the contest herself - even though she knew she had less chance of winning than a paper umbrella’s chance in a typhoon. But then again, Cordelia was carrying the accumulated volume of two and a half days of beverages in her bladder... Categorically speaking, she was at an enormous disadvantage to everyone there. Surely, Ruby thought, she could back herself against those odds...

The rules were quickly established and the twenty participants gathered around the dining table.

‘All right, everybody taking part, grab a seat! Can someone who isn’t playing take charge of giving out drinks?’

Bonnie delegated the task to Lauri, who was surprisingly quick to volunteer, and then took a seat next to her sister. Ruby, Vanessa, Connie, Cordelia and the others all sat down and made themselves comfortable while Lauri and a handful of helpers tore open a large cylinder of plastic cups. While they got to work separating them all, somebody at the table raised a hand...

‘Is it okay to go to the loo before we start?’

Apparently more than a few around the table were wondering the very same thing and a small debate erupted over the pros and cons of ‘breaking the seal’ early. Ultimately, those who were willing to chance it, dashed off to empty their bladders and make as much space as possible before taking the plunge, while the rest sat tight. Of the ten or so who remained in their seats, Ruby wasn’t surprised at all to count both Vanessa and Cordelia among them. Cordelia, for all the pee inside her bladder, was calm. She appeared entirely unmoved by the challenge ahead of her and while Ruby was certain she had her legs crossed under the table, there was no tension to be found on any other part of her body.

In no time, the temporarily vacant seats around the table were refilled and the keg was finally tapped. Lauri and her helpers dutifully went about placing a cup of beer in front of each competitor until everyone was served. At the head of the table, Ronnie stood up with her drink in hand and on her word, in tandem, they all sunk the first round.

Cordelia’s hand, like many others around the table, was steady as she held her cup to her lips, and she was among the first to place hers back down empty. A cheer went up once the final challenger had finished drinking and a ripple of lively conversation made its way around the room.

As expected, everybody had cleared ‘round one’ and confidence was running high, but the challengers would only be allowed thirty minutes’ respite between rounds. In the interim, it was stipulated that each competitor was to drink an equal amount of water before moving onto the next beer. They were free to take as long as they liked to finish the water, however anyone who wasn’t able to empty their cup within that thirty minute window would be disqualified...

Even if she’d dreamt it, Ruby wouldn’t have been able to come up with a more perfect scenario to see Cordelia pushed to the limit. Glancing up and down the dining table, there seemed no end of determination in the eyes of those competing to be the outright winner of this bizarre contest. Though the five freshers were at least a year younger than the majority of guests, they were more than keen to hold their own - especially against the group of big, burly boys that included six members of the University rugby team. Their sheer size and unfiltered confidence was a powerful motivator for the entire table. Ronnie, who might well have played rugby herself, wasn’t having any of it though and continuously rubbished the boys’ claims that they were superior to the girls. In due course, the whole matter descended into a battle of the sexes and the dining table duly split itself into two teams. A few on each side were already bobbing in their seats at this point, but nobody was backing down.

Well before the start of the second round, the boys roared as the last drinker on their side of the table finished his water and shortly thereafter, a cheer went up on the girls’ side as Bonnie brought up the rear.

‘Come on, Bonnie! Don’t let the side down!’

Ronnie had assumed the position of leader of the girls team and encouraged her sister not to drop the pace. Like Churchill in her doggedness, Ronnie was more than a match for Guy Thatcher, her counterpart on the boys team, who at present was grinning across the dining table.

‘Lighten up, Ronnie! Us lads are going to win anyway!’

As the captain of the rugby team, he was well liked by everyone and was renowned for keeping his cool under pressure, so while it was clear that his taunt was more playful than malicious, Ronnie wasn’t about to lighten up.

‘Put a sock in it, Thatch! You’re all going down!’

Ronnie grinned back across the table and the girls all cheered in unison. Ruby was loving it. She whipped her head back and forth at the friendly taunts and barbs flying to and fro and grew excited about doing her part in the next round.

Forty-five minutes after the game had started, and fifteen minutes into the second round, a significant portion of the table was really starting to squirm. As determined as they all were, the

first flurry of casualties was inevitable and in what was a big blow to Ronnie’s morale, Bonnie excused herself from the table.

‘Ugh, sis! Seriously?’

‘Yes! Seriously!’ she replied, and hastily dashed off to the toilet.

Guy and the boys revelled in the fact that they hadn’t been the ones to suffer the first loss and then to rub salt in Ronnie’s wounds, moments later another of the girls scurried away with her hands between her legs.

‘Bloody hell, girls!’

Ronnie looked mildly distraught for a few seconds, but then one of the boys pushed his chair away from the table and called it quits. The remaining girls cheered over the boys’ groans and dug in their heels.

Ruby could feel her bladder filling fast. She wasn’t bursting yet, or particularly uncomfortable, but familiar as she was with her body, she knew things would soon start to get tricky for her... Connie meanwhile seemed to be contemplating whether or not to drink the upcoming third pint of beer. She was slouched forward with her chin bouncing off the table and her hands hidden somewhere underneath. Closing her eyes at the sight of a freshly refilled cup, she looked odds-on to become the next person to drop out and not surprisingly, gave up without even taking a sip.

Connie’s exit marked the start of a succession of casualties, as the fatal third pint claimed victim after victim. In total, ten participants retired during the interim between round three and four, which, at twenty minutes past the hour, left only seven die-hards at the table.

By now, Ruby’s bladder was definitely full and she was no longer sitting comfortably. She knew she’d only had a slim chance of winning this contest, but nevertheless it boggled her mind that both of her suite-mates were still so comfortably in with a shout. Despite the pints they’d consumed both before and during the game, neither Vanessa nor Cordelia had faltered and they’d calmly negotiated their way through each and every round. Most mind-boggling of all was how Cordelia, with close to three days worth of pee in her bladder, managed to look even more laid-back than Vanessa and could sit so coolly with her elbow on the table. Vanessa, although still in control, wore a frown on her face that Ruby knew to mean she was fast approaching her capacity.

Aside from the Lazuli wing girls, both team captains were still hanging in there. Ronnie, to her credit, was showing she had the grit to back up her words and she continued to glare doggedly at Guy, who was grinning a lot less than he had been earlier. Only three boys remained, and as the last two members of the rugby team crashed out simultaneously, it was now quite literally four girls against one Guy.

All of a sudden, the numbers were very much in the girls’ favour. Ronnie knew it, but she clearly knew she was well past her limit and looked fearful of coming up short at the final hurdle. Guy, on the other hand, despite losing most of his men - and in the process his toothy grin - remained relatively assured. Ronnie slapped the table and yelled for the next round of beers.

A cheer went up and a fourth pint of beer was served to the five contenders. With a shaking hand, Ruby somehow managed to make it as far as halfway through her drink. It was becoming torturously difficult for her to keep her bladder suppressed and she found herself starting to fall away from the rest. Guy once again drained his pint with ease, to the glee of all the boys in the room, and Ronnie fought dramatically against her limitations to force hers down. She, too received a cheer of her own when she triumphantly slammed down her cup and belched loudly across the table. Ruby, however lost the will to continue at this point and took the opportunity to slip away before she had an accident in her knickers.

After an immense - and immensely satisfying -pee, Ruby returned to the dining room to find the remaining three girls still locked in a stalemate with Guy. According to Lauri, Ronnie wasn’t far away from dropping out. She looked like she was going to explode in more ways than one, hadn’t touched her water and instead was sat writhing about in apparent agony. Across the table, Guy rediscovered his grin and shot over a cheeky jab.

‘Don’t do yourself in eh, Ron? It’s just a game!’

‘Get... Stuffed... Thatch... you, ghh...’

The boys laughed at Ronnie’s garbled threat, but ignoring them and lifting her head up from the table, she turned to look at Vanessa and Cordelia.

‘Don't...you dare... lose... okay?'

With these last words, Ronnie exited the game and crawled away from the table. She headed towards the toilet to the sound of cheering from the boys and by the looks on their faces they were clearly confident that Guy would be bringing home the keg. The Lazuli wing duo were the girls’ last hope, but Ruby bit her knuckle and wondered if even they had enough to come out on top this time. Guy obviously had talent and his unflappable coolness could not be ignored. After so many rounds of beer and water, he remained as cocky and resolute as ever. Vanessa, on the other hand, looked like she was starting to lose her composure. She was fidgeting a great deal now and didn’t seem able to stop. Ruby feared that she would be the next to fall and Guy, apparently, was of the same opinion.

‘One more round should do them I reckon,

He turned to his team-mates and they voiced their support in return, but then it struck Ruby that they - and perhaps she herself - was underestimating Cordelia... In Ruby’s defence, her reason for doubting Cordelia’s chances stemmed from the fact that she’d started the game at a quite ridiculous disadvantage. Despite this handicap though, and the untold difficulties it must have brought, she was still seated and astonishingly, was looking far less distressed than anyone else at the table.

A fourth helping of water and a fifth pint of beer were the final straws to break Vanessa’s back. Though she’d valiantly put away nine pints in total, twenty five minutes into the game’s third hour, she could no longer hold her pee and almost tearfully withdrew from the table. Ruby wished she could have followed Vanessa, but her concentration that moment was entirely focused on Cordelia. Fortunately though, Lauri, who was kind enough to accompany her room-mate all the way inside the downstairs cloakroom, would later confirm that Vanessa had ‘nearly shattered the porcelain’, much to Ruby’s private enjoyment.

Guy wore a look on his face now that Vanessa had tumbled, as if to say that it was only a matter of time before he would be victorious. His look however was tinged with the tell-tale beads of sweat that suggested he was beginning to feel the heat. Conversely, his opponent was pictureperfect. Cordelia gave a sigh, as if becoming bored of the whole thing and she dismissively flicked her hair. Where could she be getting such confidence, Ruby wondered, noticing how long ago she’d finished her fifth pint of water.

A sixth pint of beer was served and both contenders took up their cups without hesitation.

‘Down it! Down it! Down it!’

The rugby team was in full voice, cheering on their Guy and doing their best to intimidate Cordelia and the rest of the girls, but of the two opponents still sitting at the table, it was Guy who was starting to lose his nerve. For the first time that night, he winced a few minutes after finishing his drink and took a deep breath. Cordelia remained deadpan after effortlessly draining her beer to the adulation of everyone around her. Vanessa had returned from the toilet now and along with Ruby, Lauri, Connie, Ronnie, Bonnie and the rest of the girls, she cheered as hard as she could.

‘Go on, Cordelia! Kick his arse!’

Ronnie wasn’t pulling any punches. She looked about as worked up as if she were still holding her own bladder, but no one could deny that her aggressive cheerleading was doing the trick. It wasn’t obvious that the support was actually doing much to assist Cordelia, as Ruby noted her expression remained unchanged since the start of game. Rather, Guy and the boys were steadily losing their steam - and it showed... Guy was shaking. With one trembling hand on his pint of water and the other hand on his face, he was in trouble and staring between his fingers at the sight of his imminent defeat. Cordelia once again elegantly dispatched her drink and in doing so, it was clear she had effectively won the contest.

Guy’s face slipped from his hand down to the table’s surface and then placing both hands on top of his head, he declared his withdrawal.

'I quit! I quit! You win!’

Peeling himself away from the table, Guy staggered off towards the nearest toilet and a massive cheer went up on the girls’ side of the room. Against all reasonable odds, Cordelia had outlasted everyone at the party. Ruby was now shaking, but not because she needed to pee. She couldn’t believe her eyes. Ronnie looked like she’d just won the lottery and went running about the room like a lunatic. The other girls however stepped over to congratulate Cordelia and to tell her how amazed they were that she held on for so long. Cordelia simply flicked her hair and shrugged. From up close, she looked to still have her legs firmly crossed underneath the dining table, but apart from that she was giving away no hint of desperation...

‘It was nothing, really...’

Ruby wondered if it was an act, or genuine indifference; it truly boggled her mind that Cordelia could pull off such nonchalance with so very much inside her bladder. Even now, she hadn’t made a single move to go to the toilet and casually brushed off the matter when those around her inevitably brought it up. Ignorant though they all were of the true extent of Cordelia’s endurance, their astonishment was no less pronounced. Given what Ruby knew, she couldn’t stop the shivers running down her spine every time Cordelia drew gasps from those asking how on earth she didn’t desperately need to pee.

'I said it was nothing... I’m just fine, thank you.’ All of a sudden, Cordelia was the talk of the party. Nobody could understand how she, unlike every other human before her, still looked utterly invulnerable to the mass amounts of beer swirling around her loins.

‘Probably ‘cause she’s not human!’ joked Connie, shaking her head.

Vanessa then took the opportunity to chime in.

‘I tried to tell you I have nothing on Cordelia! She beats me, hands down!’

Connie however scoffed.

‘Nice try, Vanessa! You’re almost just as bad!’

Cordelia cut her eye at Connie as she scuppered Vanessa’s effort to set the record straight. It being the second time she’d looked at Connie this way since breakfast, Ruby was starting to wonder if the blatant lack of recognition from her was a driving force behind Cordelia’s continued determination. It crossed Ruby’s mind to mention to everyone that Cordelia had, in fact, been holding her pee far longer than any of them realised, but she knew the more riled up her room-mate became, the more likely it was that she’d push herself even harder to prove a point. There was even the possibility that she’d postpone going to the toilet until she returned home, so Ruby bit her tongue and allowed her heart to throb excitedly at what what was unfolding.

With the eventual recommencement of the party, minds turned once more to getting drunk and although many remained in awe of Cordelia, the majority were increasingly distracted by other things.

In no time at all, Ronnie and Bonnie were forced to crack open another keg, and with everyone having already ‘broken the seal’, soon it wasn’t just the beer that was flowing freely... Despite the size of the house and its many bathrooms, there was hardly a point during the evening when Ruby didn’t notice a queue for any given toilet. She and her friends made a few trips themselves, but noticeably, Cordelia alone abstained. Ruby realised that following her victory in the hold-it contest, she’d not since touched a single drop of beer, and while it could be argued that she’d already had more than enough, Ruby suspected there was more to her decision than met the eye...

If, however, Cordelia was waiting until they went home to use the toilet, she was in for a very long wait. Everyone, including herself, had consumed so much alcohol that night, that driving back up to the hills was completely out of the question. Connie was already too far gone and she ended up slurring a profuse apology to them all when it became apparent she was in no condition to get behind the wheel. Not even Vanessa could come to their rescue this time and Lauri, although she was the only relatively sober member of the group, didn’t know how to drive.

An involuntary grin spread across Ruby’s face. Luckily Cordelia didn’t catch on, but the thought that she might be forced to wait as long as the next morning before she could empty her bladder was too tantalising. Cordelia may or may not have agreed, and while she gave no outward indication that she was particularly fussed, her mood took a noticeable dive from that moment on.

Ronnie and Bonnie graciously let the girls crash on their living room settees for the night. It wasn’t so much that they couldn’t spare them proper beds to sleep on, but rather having passed out themselves, there was really no other option.

For Ruby, the notion of sleep was entirely off the table. As drunk and tired as she was, Cordelia’s self-inflicted plight was far too intriguing for her to drift off, and she sat up awake for as long as she could.

Hours had passed since the other guests departed and the house now stood empty and silent. From her vantage point on one of the ‘centre pouffes’, Ruby could see the dark shapes of her friends strewn about the floor and surrounding settees. It was on one of those settees that Cordelia had delicately placed herself after relocating from the dining table earlier and there she remained until now. In fairness, after her heroic display in the hold-it contest, she’d had no need to get up, as everyone was so keen for an audience with the queen that they all went over to her. Even Guy had gone over at one point to offer his congratulations and -Ruby noticed - his telephone number, however Cordelia wasn’t particularly interested. Despite all the enthusiasm thrown her way, Cordelia’s sour mood ensured no one received much change in return for any of their gushing compliments all night. Ruby had a very strong feeling this was because she was simply under so much strain, and expending so much effort to keep her cool that it was all she could manage to crack a halfsmile and a flick of her hair... Surely, thought Ruby, after three nights of exceptionally heavy drinking, and without a single pee throughout,

Cordelia’s bladder had finally, finally reached its limit... But still though, she refused to go to the toilet.

Sitting upright on the settee, Cordelia appeared to have nodded off to sleep... With her arms tightly folded and her legs still crossed however, she looked anything but comfortable. It seemed to Ruby - quite unthinkably - that she might even be grimacing, and so Ruby squinted her eyes, trying to make sure she wasn’t seeing things. Her heart began to throb as she wondered if she was really witnessing the first candid glimpse of Cordelia’s unguarded face, but it was impossible to tell in such light. The frustration was almost unbearable and she spent what felt like hours intensely staring through the darkness.

In time, the rising sun lit up the room enough so that Cordelia’s expression was clear for anyone to see. Unfortunately for Ruby though, she’d fallen asleep long before she could confirm her suspicions and was startled awake by the sound of someone coming to in the corner. By the time her eyes re-focused on Cordelia, she too was awake and her face, once more, was unreadable. With a flick of her hair, Cordelia straightened herself out and calmly returned Ruby’s glance. Ruby was speechless. How Cordelia could look so unmolested was utterly beyond her. She should have been bursting for a pee but she simply sat there on the settee as if nothing in the world could be further from the truth.

As the near-lifeless corpses around the room reanimated themselves, groggily taking stock of last night’s damage, Ruby and Cordelia eyed each other in silence. Cordelia was still giving nothing away and she continued to casually defy all logic by not moving an inch while everyone else went about taking care of their needs. Entirely neglecting her own needs, Cordelia alone chose not to use the bathroom that morning and at some point in the mid-afternoon, finally rose from the settee when Connie announced she was ready to get back in the car. Once again Cordelia uncrossed her legs with no hesitation and easily walked out onto the drive, before reclaiming her seat on the passenger’s side. There, she re-crossed her legs and endured another half-hour trip back to the halls of residence.

Labouring under a substantial hangover, Connie took her leave as soon as she stepped foot inside the entrance hall. She headed straight for her bed on the Emerald wing, and the Lazuli girls climbed the stairs up to their own quarters with similar thoughts of hibernation on their minds. Ruby’s single-minded focus on Cordelia kept her alert and determined not to let her guard down now that their en-suite was in such close proximity. Many times in the past, she’d experienced on the final approach to her front door, that any need to pee would increase ten-fold the closer she got. It sometimes even happened when Ruby wasn’t desperate, so as they reached the top corridor and with their suite door now in sight, she wondered if Cordelia too was feeling the pressure mount.

If only we'd all forgotten our keys...

It was just Ruby’s luck that Vanessa wasn’t quite so forgetful and she made no mistake opening the door to let everyone inside. They were back. There was now nothing standing in Cordelia’s way and she would surely take the opportunity to finally release the gates on her creaking bladder.

Unless...

Ruby’s mind suddenly flashed back to Sunday night and she was struck with the most mischievous of thoughts. Indeed the bathroom was free, but so was she free to occupy it. Before Cordelia could make her move, Ruby edged around her and in her sweetest voice, asked her room-mate if she’d mind letting her go for a ‘quick wee’ first. Of course Cordelia was fine with this -outwardly at least - and she took a seat on her bed while Ruby locked the bathroom door behind her.

She hardly needed to go at all, but Ruby did her best to make her sneaky ruse as believable as possible. After somehow managing to extract a quite respectable half-minute tinkle from her bladder, she paused for a long while and wondered what she could do to further prolong the blockade. A moment of brainstorming later, Ruby raised her voice and called out to the bedroom.

‘Um, hey?’

Cordelia didn’t respond, but Ruby went on.

‘I’m, um... just going to take a quick shower... okay?’

She bit her lip and waited for Cordelia’s reaction. The chances of her saying no were close to zero. Her pride and reputation would surely allow Ruby to do as she wished, and in the meantime her super full bladder would be forced to wait even longer for relief.

‘Whatever... Go on then.’

Ruby clenched her fists with glee and wiggled excitedly. Stripping off her clothes, she turned on the shower and with no intention of being quick about anything, proceeded to spend the next thirty minutes simply standing under the hot water. All the while, she imagined Cordelia writhing and fighting against the monstrous pressure between her thighs, unable to do anything about it as long as the bathroom was in use... and as Ruby finally decided to lather soap on her body, she found her hand lingering at the junction of her own legs.

Quickly becoming lost in the steam, Ruby’s eyes misted over and she slid down into the shower’s basin, grateful for the sound of the falling water to keep her activities private. But surely Cordelia must have suspected something was odd as the minutes dragged on, and a ‘quick’ shower turned into an hour-long marathon session... Whether she was aware or not though, there was no arguing with the fact that Ruby was really pushing it - and Ruby knew it very well. That she’d so suddenly snatched away any chance for Cordelia to use the toilet and then continued to bar her access for such a long time thereafter -it was driving her wild and the longer she pushed it, the hotter the shower became, in multiple ways.

Well over an hour after stepping under the water, Ruby exited the shower feeling rather light-headed, but desperately keen to check on the situation in the bedroom. She wrapped a towel around her body and unlocked the bathroom door to peer outside. Cordelia had been noticeably quiet since they arrived back and it took a moment for Ruby’s eyes to find her. She was still on her bed, but had migrated underneath the duvet where she appeared to be fast asleep. Ruby tiptoed over to make sure and there was no mistaking it - though unlike the grimace Ruby thought she’d seen on Cordelia’s face during the night, now all she could see was the carefree expression of a girl peacefully at rest. Ruby wondered if last night what she’d witnessed was not desperation after all, but simply Cordelia’s distinct displeasure at having to sleep on a settee... It was the only explanation she could think of and feeling thoroughly stunned by the ramifications, flopped down on her bed.

Cordelia slept through the afternoon, through the evening and as night started to fall, Ruby came, for the umpteenth time, to check that her room-mate was ever planning to wake up.

Doesn't she need to pee at all?

Evidently ‘no’ was the answer to that question, as by bedtime, when barely able to keep her eyes open any longer, Ruby retired to her own bed and found Cordelia still deeply asleep. Through the crack of her covers, Ruby kept an eye on her roommate for as long as she could, fighting against

the weight of her eyelids and diligently watching the hypnotic rise and fall of Cordelia’s duvet until before she knew it, a new day had dawned.

The snap of a door closing nearby roused Ruby from her sleep. She sat upright suddenly, noticing how bright it was all around and checking to see if Cordelia was finally awake. Judging by the deserted sheets on her bed, she had indeed risen from her slumber and, with a rush of blood to the head, Ruby realised that it could be only her now occupying their en-suite bathroom... A moment later there came the ‘clack’ of a toilet lid being opened, then the rustle of underwear and then the almighty roar of pee drilling deeply and powerfully into the bowl.

Ruby found herself completely and utterly paralysed once again. All of a sudden Cordelia was peeing with every bit of intensity and volume as she had done five days earlier and it was fair to assume, given how much longer she’d held it this time, that her bladder was only just getting started...

Like always, Ruby counted the seconds in her head and vowed to buy herself a stopwatch so that next time she could properly track the outrageous duration of Cordelia’s output. The numbers eventually became long enough on their own that there was no need to recite ‘thousand’ as a buffer each time, and by four hundred seconds, it became so difficult for Ruby to focus that she instead turned to the clock on the wall and took note of the current time.

Five to eight...

She’d check again when Cordelia finished, which, given that she’d already been peeing for nearly seven minutes straight, seemed an absurd thought, but even though Cordelia had eclipsed Sunday night’s effort, her stream didn’t sound like it was remotely close to losing any of its strength. The minute hand continued to swing round and around and Ruby tossed over and over in her bed, unable to wrap her head around how Cordelia’s bladder could possibly hide such a vast reservoir within its walls. Not only this, but how she was able to keep such an incredible volume under wraps with barely any visible discomfort for the best part of a week - it almost drove Ruby out of her mind.

Elsewhere in the suite, it seemed the others were having difficulties of their own... In the wake of Cordelia’s mammoth morning pee - which was still ongoing - they too had been woken up abruptly and Ruby could hear their bedroom door creak open and two sets of footsteps come scurrying across the sitting room. Pulling her hands out from under the duvet, Ruby sat up as Vanessa’s head popped through the door.

‘Is that her again?’ she whispered, her mouth hanging open in shock.

Behind Vanessa, Lauri craned her neck through the gap and towards the source of sound, cupping her ear even though no amplification was required whatsoever. Ruby nodded at Vanessa’s question and bit her bottom lip. They seemed to find the whole situation oddly funny, but Ruby was desperate not to show how worked up she was by it all and did her best to keep her face straight. Vanessa on the other hand shook her head and turned to Lauri.

‘Now you see what I was talking about!’ she whispered, ‘My bladder is nowhere near as big as that!’

Still keeping her voice as low as she could, she motioned towards Ruby and told Lauri about the ear-splitting pee that had woken them both up while she was at the hospital.

‘This one is super long though... my gosh. Is it the first she’s been since we got back?’

Ruby felt Vanessa’s eyes on her again. She knew very well the answer to her question and preparing herself to give it, cryptically shook her head.

‘Actually she... hasn’t been all week...’

‘What?’

Ruby bit her knuckle and hid her blushing face.

‘You’re joking - the whole week until now? But that’s...’

Vanessa seemed to be running over the events of the past five days in her head and became more and more bemused as she remembered everything she’d seen Cordelia drink.

‘But we - that’s so long... Even after the bar crawl? And... And the contest!’

She covered her mouth apologetically, realising that she’d raised her voice.

‘But, Ruby... Are you serious?’

Both Vanessa and Lauri were now staring at Ruby, despite the fact that nothing she could have said would have been even remotely as convincing as what they were hearing with their own ears. This time, Ruby nodded, and slowly but surely it began to dawn on Vanessa that she was telling the truth. If Cordelia had used the toilet between the weekend and that day, there was no way she wouldn’t have heard it. Also, given the ever-increasing duration of her pee, it wasn’t quite so difficult to believe she’d been holding it so long.

Cordelia went on to outstrip her previous record by a mile. Even without checking the clock, Ruby knew this time she had to have surpassed at least ten minutes in duration, but when at long last the sound of peeing finally stopped and she re-checked the wall, Ruby was stunned to note that the time was five minutes past eight.

That's more than fifteen minutes!

If only she were alone she might have expressed her astonishment more openly, but with Vanessa and Lauri still curiously stationed in the doorway, Ruby suppressed the ripple running through her and imagined how many gallons Cordelia was now flushing away.

Shortly after the performance had ended, the girls heard Cordelia turn on the shower and proceed to step under the water. Somewhat glad that she hadn’t come out and caught them whispering in her bedroom, Vanessa and Lauri took this opportunity to slip off back to their own room, shooting Ruby a grin as they went.

Once she was showered, Cordelia re-entered the bedroom, still wrapped in her towel.

Pretending that she’d never woken up, Ruby remained hidden under her covers, but couldn’t help peeking out occasionally as Cordelia got herself ready. Dropping her towel onto the bed after drying off, she drifted around the room without a single care. It still perplexed Ruby that such a slender midriff could conceal a bladder of such gigantic proportions... It was the first time she’d seen Cordelia’s figure in full, remembering then that she always went around in her elegant burgundy cape, which of course, kept most of her torso covered.

I suppose with her boobs it's normal to keep them hidden...

Strangely to Ruby though, the size of Cordelia’s bust didn’t seem to be an issue when selecting her outfit for that day. The plunging neckline and form-fitting fabric of the pencil dress she slipped on left little room for doubt - or anything else for that matter... Completing her ensemble with a cinch belt and blazer, Cordelia looked stunning, and Ruby wondered where on earth she was off to, but soon after she thought it, Cordelia picked up the envelope that had been sitting on her bedside table since Wednesday morning. Giving her hair a flick and the contents of the envelope a quick glance, she then slipped it inside her handbag as there came a knock at the main door. If Ruby had to guess, it was the same girl who’d come knocking that day and a moment later when Cordelia went to answer, she heard a familiar French inflection cheerily wish her good morning.

She had no idea where Cordelia went that day, or what she and her associate went to do, but this new mystery only added to the multiple enigmas surrounding her room-mate; the girl she’d met less than a week ago, yet who’d already become the bright, burning focal point of her fledgling first year.
