The-Final-Test

By Lawrence Morgan (1996') O#34230 O#43918 O#$8412 O#73556

A few days later I was busy preparing for instructing the Lifeguarding course, which was to be held in an aquatic centre at the other campus across town. I checked my college email and found a message from Lynne, asking me about the time and place for the Lifeguarding course, and giving me her cell number. I called her and gave her the info she wanted.

“The location is on the other campus across town” I said - “would you like a ride over, I live only a few blocks from your residence.”

There was a pause, then “I'd really appreciate that” she said, so we arranged the time when I should call at her place.

I give Lynne a ride to the Lifeguarding course. She was wearing the same light khaki shorts she wore at the exam, and a light blue short sleeved shirt. The Lifeguarding Course included a general First Aid component. The second weekly session covered how to rescue someone who was choking, by using the Heimlich. My colleague was giving the instruction, and asked me to pick a partner and demonstrate. I was sitting beside Lynne and asked her to partner with me.

“Would you CHOKE for me ?” I whispered to her.

“For sure !” she whispered back, smiling.

That was a more interesting answer than I had hoped for.

I gulped, and we walked to the front of the class. Lynne clutched her throat pre- tending to choke. She was very, very realistic, acting out the panicked co-ed who could not breathe and was struggling! I faced her and went through the routine of asking her if she could breathe etc. She shook her head, so I stepped behind her and clasped my hands around her waist while my colleague gave a running commentary on what to do next. While we were listening to him explaining the background and theory behind the Heimlich, I gently, but firmly held Lynne closer. She leant back against me, tilting her head back so the top of her head was touching my chin. She was pretending very realistically to struggle to breathe – I could feel the way her tummy was spasming with her acting. She was bending her knees slightly with each spasm, making little ‘curtsy’ motions as she pretended to fight for the air she would so desperately need if she really were choking.

Then I was instructed to do the Heimlich, which I did, but without the force which would normally be required because this was a demo, and I didn't want to hurt Lynne.

After some scattered applause we walked back to our seats.

I don't remember much more of that session, I was so distracted by Lynne sitting beside me. I was glad my colleague was instructing the session ! During the ride back to her place, Lynne just sat very quietly beside me. As I drove up to her residence, I asked her if she was OK.

She wiped her eyes. “I'm fine” she said slowly, as she sniffed and blew her nose on a kleenex from the box on the console. I realised she was crying.

“What's the matter Lynne ?” I asked, touching her arm gently.

“What happened tonight made me feel like I was re-living a very scary situation I was in last summer.”

“What was that ? I asked.

“I was at a BBQ, and I started to choke on a piece of hotdog. I was so scared. I felt so helpless, like I was going to die. I tried to cough it out and lost all my air. I could not inhale or call out.”

“I was terrified. I was so desperate for air. My heart was pounding and I heard a pulsing roaring in my head. My chest was spasming uncontrollably. My head felt like it was going to burst, and with each thump of my heart I saw flashes.”

“I knew I was suffocating and was going to die !”

“I remember someone standing behind me and putting his arms around me to do the Heimlich, but I passed out and don't remember anything until I was sitting in a chair with a very sore chest and ribs and a burning feeling in my throat. He wasn't gentle like you were tonight !”

“So you were obviously OK ?”

“Oh yes, but I was very embarrassed because, because I, eh, I had wet myself !”

“Lynne” I said “That probably explains how you were able to give such a realistic choking demo tonight.”

“I wish you had been there to give me the Heimlich when I was choking.” She said quietly.

“I wish I had been there too” I said, squeezing her hand, “even though you wet your pants !!”

“You are very kind to give me rides like this.”

We just sat there, holding hands by now.

“OK” I said, “same time next week ?”

“Y-Yes” she said slowly, “my room mates are away this weekend, would you like to drop by for a cup of coffee on Saturday or Sunday?”

“Yes” I said, “for sure.”

On Saturday afternoon I called her, and she said she was free that evening, so I suggested we go out for dinner and then go back to her place for coffee. Dinner was very nice. She was a wonderful companion, and I just could not take my eyes off her. She drank two beers.

Back at her place afterwards, she started to talk about a guy she had dated a couple of years before. She blushed and told me that when they were driving back from seeing a movie, her bladder was uncomfortably full. Lynne said it was her fault because she should have 'gone' before they left the cinema.

“And why didn't you ?” I asked with a smile in my voice.

Lynne hesitated, and then looked at me saying “I know this sounds weird, but I liked the feel of my bladder almost bursting!”

“Did it make you feel sexy ?” I asked quietly.

Lynne gulped hard. “Yes” she said.

“Did you ever overestimate your endurance, and have well, an accident ?”

“Y-y-yes, it has happened” she said quietly. “I wet myself as soon as I got out of his car, as I was walking to my apartment.”

“Lynne” I said softly, leaning towards her across the coffee table. “I have something weird to tell you.”

“What's that ?” she replied.

“It really arouses me to see an attractive girl in the predicament of being desperate 'to go'” Lynne laughed quietly and seemed a little more relaxed.

“I knew that” she said “Janet W is a close friend of mine, and she told me about what happened when you were dating her! So I knew why you kept staring at me during the exam” she said teasingly, “And I know when a guy finds me attractive!”

My turn to blush – she had noticed !

“When I approached you to ask to use the restroom” she said, “and you said 'No’, I sensed you became tense or excited by the way you answered my request. And that confirmed what Janet had told me.”

“But only if the girl is really attractive.” I interrupted, “like you are !” I whispered.

“When I was taking your Biochem course, I felt like a teenager who has a crush on her teacher. And for as long as I can remember, I have always fàntasised about letting an attractive guy see me wet !”

“Lynne” I said quietly “did you. . . ?”

Before I could finish my question, she interrupted -

“And since I really liked you, I asked Janet if she could tell me what you liked . . . and so - well I decided to drink all that soda before the exam.”

“I was looking at you all the time, and I thought you deliberately let me see your first spurt.” I said.

“Yes, I did.” she said, blushing again and dropping her gaze to her hands which were clasped between her knees.

“That was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.” I said quietly.

Lynne giggled “I knew it ! Judging from the way you adjusted your position immediately after I wet that first time.” Now it was my turn to blush. “Was it really that obvious ?” I asked, a little embarrassed.

“Only if you know what to look for !”

“What would you have done if I'd let you go to the restroom ?” I asked.

“I was ready to wet as I stood at your desk!”

“I'm glad you didn’t” I said “much more arousing to do what you did.”

“I know my limits,” she said “and I knew I could not hold it for the rest of the exam, and was going to wet my pants. I knew you were watching me all the time, and I wanted to see your reaction when I 'lost control’ !”

“When I saw that first wet spot on your shorts, I almost exploded.” I said. “Did you notice my reaction ?”

“Sure did.” she said.

“Seemed to me at the time that you deliberately let me see you wetting !”

“I was wearing two pairs of pants during the exam,” she said “in anticipation of what might happen. Two pairs enhances the wetting sensations !”

“What are you wearing now ?” I asked.

“Guess” she teased me.

“Two pairs ?”

“Yup, one pair of pants, and over then a Lycra bikini bottom, and then my khaki shorts.”

“Same as for the exam ?”

She nodded.

Lynne paused, and we locked eyes for a few seconds. While we gazed at each other, she slowly pressed her hands against her crotch, pressed her knees together and leaned forward towards me. I leaned forwards, and our knees were touching. I gently caressed the backs of her thighs, just above her knees. Lynne raised her thighs up off the chair a little and I slid the tips of my fingers up under the hem of those sexy shorts she had wet the week before. Then I slid my hands back with my nails lightly scratching her thighs, pressing them hard into the little hollow behind her knees. Lynne tensed. “Oh my God, I can't hold it any longer.”

“I noticed that you had two beers at dinner, and as far as I know you have not yet. . . . .”

Lynne leaned over and pressed her hands on my knees. “I can't hold on any longer” she whispered, and the desperation in her voice was very obvious.

“One more thing” I said - “when you let go, does it feel a bit like a climax?”

“Yes” she said.

“Seeing you doing that would make me climax as well”

Lynne took a deep breath. And held it for about 20 seconds as she rocked slowly back and forth.

“I'm in an agony of bursting pleasure.” she gasped as she exhaled. Lynne moved her hands from her crotch and pressed them gently on my bare arms. Then she spread her knees slightly and made a little gulping sound in the back of her throat.

I watched as a dark spot appeared, glistening where her crotch rested in the chair.

Her whole body spasmed as she grabbed herself with both hands and snapped her knees and thighs together.

She looked at me and whispered - “I'm so desperate, just wet myself, but I managed to stop!”

She settled back in her seat and pressed her palms on my bare arms. They were wet !

She inhaled deeply and held it for even longer. This time she was absolutely still.

“I'm bursting. The pressure is bursting me I'm in agony. Please hold me, and tell me it is OK to wet !” she gasped.

Lynne stood up, and inhaled deeply again, her knees bent and pressing her hands into her crotch.

I stood up, and swept her into my arms. She held her breath until she started squirming, then we started kissing as I clasped my hands under the back of her thighs.

Lynne flung her arms around my neck, and hung there, pressing her right knee up between my thighs.

“Squeeze my thighs tightly, tightly” she gasped as she exhaled.

Lynne inhaled deeply again. I squeezed her thighs tightly. She exhaled slowly between pressed lips and I could feel her relax as she started moaning through clenched teeth.

“Just let go” I whispered. But I really didn't have to tell her !

Afterwards, we were lying together on the bed when Lynne whispered to me:

“Janet mentioned that you have other ‘interests’ as well!”

“Did she say what my other interests were?”

“No – so you’ll have to tell me !”  

###

But – that’s another story !!
