Joanne's Accident #21
 Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
Author: Aquavite (1996'12) P#024

(More Joanne Chronicles.)

21)

Joanne tells me at our usual coffee that aside from her almost daily mini accidents (dribbles here and there) nothing more...so frequent that she really can't remember one from the next, but that none of them do much more than dampen her panites.

I told her I was disappointed, but that since she had two major accidents some while ago (I wrote about them ...), she's forgiven.... She assures me, only partially in jest, that if and when she has another (if!!!) she'll make sure to tell me all...

But she did tell me that her son (now 10) wet his pants...things like this do seem to run in families. He's had a pants wetting/control problem since god knows when, but as he's gotten older its gotten somewhat better. But like Joanne he too puts off going to pee...and has wet himself in endless places.'

Joanne tells me that while she was in the kitchen cooking he was talking on the phone at their house (to his 'girlfriend'), and Joanne noticed that after 10 minutes or so, he was talking and walking, then was holding himself. At first Joanne thought her was masturbating, since she thinks he really likes this girl who is very cute, she says. But then Joanne went into the kitchen...Her son finishes the call, runs into the kitchen on the way to the toilet, and stops dead in his tracks and completely wets his pants, shoes, socks, and leaves a huge puddle on the floor. Joanne can't quite believe it, saying, "_____, can't your stop?" And then she begins to laugh because she says she never seen anyone, including herself, pee so fast so much....Then her started laughing, too, saying I can't stop Mom. And they were both laughing as he continued flooding the place. Joanne told me that it passed her mind that if she laughed too hard she, too, would wet her pants. But she didn't....

When he finishes, they are both laughing, joking about how it runs (literally) in the family, and when he managed to stop, standing there in his dripping pants and in the middle of a large puddle, he teases her about the times he's seen her wet her pants and panties....which have been many.

I'm not turned on by kids or guys peeing particularly, but found her telling me the story and her reactions interesting....I wish she had wet herself while laughing...it would not have surprised him at all.

