Don't go to sleep desperate

Author: J.E. Hart

This is a PSA to everyone out there who likes to drink copious amounts of fluid before they go to sleep: Don’t be lazy like me. Instead, take to the time to use the bathroom before you fall asleep. I made that mistake once and I’ve never forgotten how that night turned out.

Now, you might be wondering how I, Emily Cooper, could possibly get myself into such a predicament without even trying to. Well, it all started with a 3-day weekend and a new game console. I was so excited to spend a late night gaming without worrying about getting up early the next morning. I prepared the day before by buying a six-pack of soda and my favorite brand of tea -1 was going to need caffeine if I wanted to do an all-night gaming session.

There is one minor thing you should know about me before I continue: I have a teeny, tiny bladder. One glass of water sends me to the toilet 30 minutes later. I have to make sure there’s always a bathroom nearby or I, without fail, end up desperate.

I wasn’t worried about adverse effects from all the liquid I would be drinking, though. I didn’t plan on going to bed until at least the wee hours of the next morning and I was home alone with nothing but my drinks and my games. The bathroom in my apartment is just down the hall, so I could pee as often as I wanted to. There was no one to disrupt me or distract me. Worst case scenario, I’d get too engrossed in my game and wait a few minutes longer than I should. Sure, I might leak a little into my panties, but I could always change them. It wasn’t a big deal as long as I didn’t have a full-blown accident, which had never once happened to me before. It was a low standard to set for myself, but at least I’d always lived up to it.

Now that I had my drinks, some snacks, and the game I wanted to play set up, I was ready to begin my night of fun. I cracked open the first can of soda and gulped down half of it in a matter of minutes. It tasted amazing. I didn’t drink soda often, but when I did it was a treat and I savored every ounce of it.

That first soda was gone before I even started playing. I quickly opened another one and settled onto the couch, taking a sip every few minutes as I blasted through the tutorial. Even though I had all night to play, I couldn’t waste time learning how to play the game. I’d figure that out as I went along.

AFTER IGNORING most of the tutorial and drinking half of my second soda, I was getting tired of the intense sweetness I kept consuming. I ripped open a bag of chips and started to eat those, getting my controller greasy despite my best attempts to wipe my hands off vigorously on my pants before picking it back up.

Salty food will, of course, make you thirsty, so once I ate a few handfuls of chips, I drank the rest of my soda. That started a vicious cycle of eating and drinking over the next couple of hours. No matter how much liquid I consumed, the salty snacks made me parched all over again.

I ended up having a few glasses of water when I was sick of soda. That helped me feel refreshed again, so I sat back down and continued to play. It was now almost midnight, but I was nowhere near ready to go to bed. The caffeine was doing its job well.

The diuretic effects of caffeine were also working their magic on my bladder. I’d had way more to drink in the span of a few hours than I usually drank throughout an entire day, and I was beginning to get a familiar tingling sensation in my lower abdomen.

I was surprised I didn’t have to go more. I thought about getting up to use the bathroom when I first noticed a twinge, but I would hardly call myself desperate at that point and I was in the middle of a boss fight, so I decided to forget about my bladder for a few more minutes. The drinks wouldn’t catch up to my bladder that quickly, would they?

Spoiler alert: they did. They hit my bladder like a train, and it happened while I was still battling my way through the first boss fight.

Turns out that not paying attention to the tutorial makes it harder to play the game when you’re supposed to remember how the game mechanisms and controls work. I made the boss fight ten times harder for myself and I was showing my incompetence every time I died and had to start over from the beginning of that damn fight.

I was running out of lives, but I was also running out of room in my bladder. As the muscles spasmed, I leaned forward and pressed my thighs together. I didn’t look away from the TV screen and I didn’t let my fingers move from the buttons they were pressing down on.

My bladder spasmed again. I was so close to winning. All I had to do was hit the monster one more time and I would be through with this battle from Hell - and then I could pee.

I struggled through the next few minutes, dodging attacks and trying to hit the on-screen enemy, but I wasn’t making any progress and my bladder was bursting. My lower abdomen bulged out, and every little movement I made caused pain that forced me to cross my legs as much as I could while sitting forward on the couch.

I curled my toes, feeling a drop of piss dampen the gusset of my panties.

“I can’t lose now!” I cried, mashing on the controller buttons in a desperate attempt to reach a point where I could pause.

Miraculously, in my button-mashing I hit the boss and ended the fight, winning it after my nth time. I jumped up and immediately scissored my legs back and forth in a desperate attempt to hold back my pee.

I HAD to go way worse now than I had just twenty minutes ago. I honestly hadn't thought my desperation could progress that quickly, but it had and now I was in a pickle. I had to get to the bathroom down the hall, get my pants down, and sit on the toilet, but I was about to explode right here and now, in my living room with all my clothes on.

With my thighs clamped together and my hand squeezed between them, I awkwardly hobbled out of the living room and down the hallway. Every step I took got me closer to the bathroom, which seemed to only escalate my need.

I always struggled with my desperation skyrocketing when I got close to a toilet. It was one of the many curses I endured as a small- bladdered individual. I thought I could avoid that problem when I was in my own apartment, considering I always had access to a toilet, but tonight made it painfully clear that it was not the case.

“Oh my God, I’m actually going to piss myself!” I squealed stopping to bounce up and down on the spot. Another drop escaped and I was certain my panties were too wet to absorb anymore pee at this point. I was hoping to avoid having to change my underwear this early in the night, but two leaks were more than I expected. Could I make it before I had a third leak?

I threw myself into the bathroom, swinging the door that was ajar wide open, revealing that glorious, white porcelain fixture. Instantly, a jet of pee hissed past my fingers, dampening them along with my sweatpants.

“What?” I looked down in shock. The light gray pants had a tiny dark stain on them now that was growing by the second.

Without another moment to waste, I tore down the waistband and flung my body onto the toilet seat, pissing a hard stream through my soaking wet panties.

I gasped in relief and watched as my bladder emptied itself forcefully. I still couldn’t believe I was peeing straight through my underwear. I never once imagined not being able to get them down in time, even when I was mere feet away from the toilet and still planning how I was going to sit down without having a full-blown accident.

The thin purple fabric of my panties turned see-through quickly as it darkened. The stream split into two as it pushed past the cotton barrier between my pee hole and the toilet bowl. I kept peeing for over two minutes, letting the stream flow at full force until it naturally began tapering off.

“I didn’t know I could hold that much,” I mumbled, grabbing for the toilet paper before realizing I couldn’t exactly wipe my underwear.

I let the urine drip off the panties for a few more minutes before carefully standing up and sliding the wet, heavy fabric down my legs. My knees were a little shaky from the intense experience, so once I had my panties off, I sat back down on the toilet to wipe myself and clean up the mess I’d made on the floor in front of me.

The big leak I had before I sat down and the wet underwear I just took had dripped pee all over the floor, which I was now responsible for cleaning. Standing naked from the waist down in my bathroom was not part of my big, lazy plans for the night, but I adapted pretty well.

As SOON AS I’d dealt with my pissy mess, I hurried into my bedroom to find another pair of undies and some clean pants. The pee spot on the other sweatpants wasn’t huge, but it was wet and cold and I didn’t really feel like wearing them on my nice clean couch, so instead, I laid them out on the ledge of the bathtub to air dry.

“Who knows, I might need them later if I ruin these ones too.” I chuckled and looked down at the clean, dry pants I was now wearing. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that was less of a joke and more of a serious possibility.

Somehow, I already had to pee again, so I sat down on the toilet and emptied my bladder once more. It had only been a few minutes, but I managed to produce a solid stream for several seconds. I had weakened my bladder with this unintentional ðåå-holding stint. Hopefully it didn’t get in the way of my gaming later.

I made my way back to the couch, cracked open another can of soda, and returned to my game. The break didn’t help my playing any. I was still unfamiliar with the control and had to relearn them in the span of a few minutes while I got clobbered by in-game enemies. Soon, though, I was immersed in the game again and enjoying my snacks and drinks. The soda I opened didn’t last 20 minutes as I absentmindedly downed it between fights.

Of course, given the state of my bladder and the fact that I couldn’t hold anything, it went right through me and less than an hour after my huge almost-accident, I was bouncing one knee and leaning forward in desperation.

“Aw, come on! Tm almost at the perfect save point.” I knew I shouldn’t connote playing when I had to go so badly, as that was my downfall last time, but it wasn’t my fault that my bladder picked the worst times to alert me of my serious need to pee.

I gritted my teeth through the next five minutes of gameplay and jumped up the second I hit the button to bring up the pause screen. I picked the “save game” option, dancing in place. My desperation felt different this time. I could sense that my bladder was weaker and that if I got to the point where I leaked, a lot more was going to come out than the first leak I had earlier in the night.

I sprinted down the hallway after another tense few seconds waiting to make sure the game saved properly. This was the kind of game that I didn’t want to lose progress in because of stupid user error.

My heart pounded as I kicked the bathroom door shut behind me, pulled my pants and panties down in one swift motion, and spun around, slamming myself onto the toilet for the second time in the last hour.

I looked up as my pee stream strengthened and clamored into the water beneath me. I had no idea why I bothered to shut the door. I was home alone and all it did was waste precious seconds.

“I’ll be more careful next time/’ I said to myself, sighing in relief. “It’s just so hard to think when you’re bursting for a piss.”

I really did mean it when I told myself I would try to be more careful. Of course, I had no idea what the rest of the night had in store for me. And how could I? It had only just begun.

I MADE my way back to my game, this time a little more slowly. I stifled a yawn as I flopped back down onto the couch. The time was creeping toward 2 AM and despite all the caffeine, the adrenaline from the game, and my overactive bladder, I was finally getting sleepy.

The ðåå-holding had taken its toll on me. I was worn out from struggling to hold, jumping up to use the toilet, and being seconds away from having an accident.

I yawned again, this time not bothering to cut it off. “Hl play till I get through the next boss fight and then I’ll go to bed,” I promised myself.

Now, the trouble with this game is that it’s a difficult game at the best of times, and I had almost no experience playing it at this point. Getting to the second boss fight and beating it sounded well and good on paper, but the reality was that it might take several more hours of playing, and I was dead-set on reaching the goal I set for myself.

Having a renewed purpose in the game woke me up a little, I wasn’t in the mood for any more soda, so I made myself a cup of tea as strong as I could stand it and drank it quickly in the hopes that the caffeine boost would help keep me from getting clumsy in the game as I continued to stave off sleep.

2:00 came and went, and I was still far away from even reaching the second boss. I’d officially gotten my second wind, so I played my way through each level of the game without so much a thought of sleep. I was on a winning streak and to make matters better, after taking a well-thought- out bathroom break a little after 2, my bladder had calmed down significantly. I barely had to pee at all and it had been ages since I last went.

I assumed that the weakness in my bladder had subsided and focused all my attention on the game. My energy began to wane again as I launched into fighting the second boss, so I decided to stick to my plan of quitting after beating the second boss. As much as I’d enjoyed my long night of gaming, junk food, and sugary drinks, I needed my sleep. My bladder needed a good, long rest too. I still felt no more than a little twinge once in a while, but I was pretty sure the tea I drank was still working through my body.

As soon as I made it past that second boss, which was of course much more difficult than the first one, I dropped my controller on the couch, practically rolled off the cushion, and powered down the console and my TV. I was done.

I SHUFFLED INTO THE BEDROOM, not bothering to flick the light on, and changed into some tiny pajama shorts and a tank top. I always got too hot when I slept, so my barely-there PJs and the light breeze from a fan I had in my bedroom were what I used to keep myself from waking up all sweaty with the sheets tossed off of me.

I flopped into bed, pulled the thin covers over me, and curled up. It was pitch black in the room and I was out mere minutes after laying my head on the pillow.

Now, here’s where my story takes an unexpected turn. Up to this point, I was awake and fully in control of everything I did, and even though I had a couple of close calls from the soda earlier in the night, I knew what I was doing.

I made a critical error in not using the bathroom before falling asleep that night. I never skipped the toilet in my bedtime prep. I knew that my poor bladder couldn’t handle filling up all night without being emptied first, so I was careful to pee right before I climbed into bed every single night.

Except for tonight, the one night I needed to remember more than ever.

I slept like a rock for the first few hours. I wasn’t worried about sleeping into the late, late morning since I had nowhere to be, so my body was totally relaxed as the clock ticked away. I briefly woke up around 5 am, aware of a heavy, throbbing pressure around my lower abdomen, but I was too exhausted and out of it to do more than turn onto my other side and pull the covers back over my head.

I had some weird dreams about water after that. In one, there was a huge waterfall that I was looking up at. I couldn’t stop staring at it. It was like I had an obsession with the way the water tumbled over the rocks, landing in a foaming torrent in a pool at the bottom.

Then I had a dream where I drank cup after cup of water. I stood in my kitchen pouring from a never-ending pitcher. I was thirstier than I’d ever felt in my life, and no amount of the clear, cool liquid could satiate it. As I stood there I crossed my legs tighter and tighter, but I couldn’t figure out why.

And then I woke up and reality hit hard.

MY BLADDER WAS SO FULL, I couldn’t move without waves of desperation shooting through ó entire body. I was shaking and my legs were crossed over each other and clamped together tighter than I thought was possible.

The skin on my belly was taut around the bulge that my bladder created. That bulge was so big, it was visible underneath the sheets. I lay there in silence, wondering how I’d gotten into this predicament and what I was going to do, I looked down at the sheets that I’d twisted all around throughout the night. I must’ve been squirming in my sleep, I was so desperate for so long.

I had to get up to pee, but I couldn’t get up without flooding my pajamas and my entire bed. All the drinks I had before going to sleep without peeing had filled up my bladder. I literally couldn’t hold another drop or wait another minute to pee.

I very gingerly sat up in bed, wincing as I compressed my overfull bladder. Every move I made had to be slow and deliberate, yet if I didn’t hurry, I wouldn’t make it to the toilet. I had no idea how the next few seconds might unfold, but I knew that one way or another, I was peeing soon. The cool air from the fan next to my bed didn’t help matters at all. I shivered, which sent a wave of desperation coursing through my body. I had to double over, shove my hand into my pajama shorts, and breathe slowly until the tiny dribble that had begun stopped. It almost didn’t, which made me realize more than ever that time was of the essence.

I hobbled, bent over with my hand buried in my crotch, to the bathroom door. Somehow I had to navigate the logistics of getting clothing out of the way and maneuvering my body onto the toilet without exploding. I already knew that wasn’t going to happen. Something was going to get wet in the process, whether it was my hand, my pajamas, or the floor. My hope was that whatever managed to leak out wouldn’t be enough to escape past my hand.

I was so, so wrong.

The moment I saw the toilet in front of me and registered that I was finally going to get to realize the enormous volume of liquid inside me,

I spurted. It wasn’t a short blast, either - it was a long, powerful, impossible-to-stop spurt. It shot into my hand, hitting my fingers with so much force I gasped, before getting past that barrier and soaking the crotch of my pajama shorts.

Those shorts were too thin to absorb anything after the initial dampness. A steady stream of piss dripped onto the bathroom tiles, glistening in the moonlight that filtered through the tiny bathroom window.

“No, no, no!” I breathed, panicking.

I pressed my fingers harder into my pee hole, which hurt a ton and didn’t do much. It stopped the stream for a second, but the pain and pressure were too intense and I had to loosen my grip. As soon as I did that, the pee broke through and cascaded down my dripping wet shorts, traveling in rivulets down my bare legs.

I was slowly wetting myself only feet away from the toilet that promised sweet relief.

The entire time I held myself, legs crossed and standing stock-still, I fought to end the constant spurts leaving my body. It didn’t feel good at all. I had so much pee in my bladder, it would take forever as long as I kept holding on.

I made a feeble attempt to lurch toward the toilet, but the lid was still closed and with every inch I moved, the leaking from my bladder grew stronger and made a bigger puddle beneath me.

I'd had enough experience with desperation throughout the night. My muscles were weak and no matter what I did at this point, the damage had already been done.

My legs shaking, I slowly pulled my hand out from between my thighs and spread them apart. Instantly, a stream of urine shot out, breaking past my shorts with no effort at all, hitting the floor with such force, I almost couldn’t believe how loud it was.

I gasped, staggered back, and grabbed onto the wall to steady myself. I could barely stand straight as overwhelming relief washed over me. My entire body trembled as my warm, wet pee pooled around my feet.

The bulge in my lower abdomen slowly disappeared and the insane pressure in my pee hole decreased. I waited until every last drop had been drained from my bladder before placing my hand over my now flat belly, giving it a little poke with my finger.

Nothing. It felt empty, which was a rare sensation for me after all my moments of desperation in the span of 12 hours.

I sighed in relief and looked down at the massive puddle I left behind. “It’s a shame I didn’t make it,” I said lazily, grabbing a towel to sop up the mess.

I probably should have cared more about what I did, but I really didn’t. I just felt good.

I cleaned up and dragged myself back to bed for a few more precious hours of sleep. I turned over in bed, closed my eyes, and promptly opened them again.

“I have to pee,” I mumbled, rubbing my hand over the spot that my bladder like to bulge out when it was full. It didn’t feel very full yet, although I could certainly sense the desperation building. “Mmm, I think I can wait.”

I closed my eyes again, willed myself to forget about the fact that I already needed another toilet break, and fell asleep more quickly than I thought I would.

I'll end my story here, but I can tell you that I did end up waking up desperate again, although this time I made it to the toilet feeling much more refreshed from my rest and without any leaks. My shorts cleaned up fine and my bathroom tiles were none the worse from wear.

The only question left in my mind is this: what would happen if I allowed myself to get desperate in a more controlled environment and some rules in place? I already tested the limits of my bladder which I’ve realized is slightly stronger than I gave it credit for. Still, Tm more curious now than I've ever been, and I’m tempted to relive that desperate feeling and the amazing wash of relief after it’s all over.

In fact, I’ve got that tingle in my bladder building right now. What would happen if... never mind. That’s a story for another day. For now, let’s just leave the moral of the first story at this: do not go to sleep desperate.
