Gold Rush: A Desperate Western (ch. 2)

By Melody Alexi

Chapter 2

She made quite a sight, rocking, still fighting it even when the battle was lost. Her face was flushed scarlet, and she was wincing hard, biting her lip like she could bite it back. The brave woman made quite the sight as she helplessly peed, trying and failing to mask her profound humiliation.

She stifled her sobs as the pee spread at her crotch, down her legs, and drizzled down the saddle and to the parched earth.

"Fuck you," she said when she caught him watching.

And he fought a strong erection, his package burgeoning in his own trousers at the sight. He'd love nothing more than to pin her on this desert floor and fuck her in her humiliation, but he kept his face grim, hoping it wouldn't betray his desire.

"Go to hell,” she snapped when he didn’t look away.

"Save your spite for the jailer, sweetheart."

But he had a hard time prying his eyes away from her in her soaked trousers. He almost didn't want the Sheriff and his boys to catch sight of her in this mussed, raw, mortified state. He had a feeling they might enjoy it as much as he did.

They rode on with her crying softly on the horse behind him. That in itself, her crying and trembling with anger, was enough to keep him in a state of heightened arousal.

He managed to rein it in by the time they reached town. It was a sparse dusty place and the jailhouse stood out as the most permanent building on the ragged roadside.

When he dismounted he could see her profound discomfort. It was still starkly visible that she'd soaked her pants. He helped her stiffly dismount and walked her towards the foreboding building. She was meeker by now, but he could still feel her trembling with a mix of embarrassment and rage as he lugged her along by the arm, her hands still tied behind her back.

The Sheriff was sitting at his rickety table with his feet propped up.

"You would not believe what I've caught." He lugged her into the room and tugged her firmly into the light. "Scared her a bit. Evasive Elaine doesn't live up to her reputation for bravery, pissed herself like a school brat.”

She looked like she was biting back an oath.

The Sheriff sat up, doing a quick glance between her and the wanted sketch on the wall. "Jesus, Branson! You actually caught up to her."

The deputy fumbled to get the keys out and prepare a cell and Branson lugged her in.

"I don't suppose you found the gold bars and jewelry she stole?"

"That's a conversation for whiskey."

And they left her in the darkened cell.

With whiskey cutting smoke in the air, he asked the sheriff, "So. Evasive Elaine. Will she hang?"

"Horse theft. Carriage theft. Crippling a mayor. Interfering with the railroads. Yah, she'll hang."

"Now. Here's a thought."

Branson couldn't, against his better judgment, get the image of her, squirming not to pee, and then finally unburdening herself, out of her head. And he couldn't imagine how she'd look similarly prone in other situations.

He hadn’t been lying to her. She was dangerously appealing, and it was a shame to think of a life like that being snuffed.

"How much is all she's stolen worth? Compared to her bounty?"

"She's stolen ten times worth the price on her neck."

He thought, staring into the bottom of his empty shot glass.

"I could get the location of the gold and the jewels. I could get it all back. But I will need her to lead me to it. And there's every possibility she could escape. But we'd be the men who recovered Evasive Elaine’s fabled treasure trove. Is that a gamble we'd be willing to take?"

The Sheriff looked back at him in shock and horror, but he didn’t say an immediate no.

“I need more whiskey,” was all he could muster.

The door creaked open and she fought off a sense of dread.

And to her surprise, and not her thrill, Branson stepped inside the jail.

"You’re looking comfortable."

She was standing tensely in the middle of the cell with her arms crossed, her pants still damp, and glaring at him.

He leaned against the bars and she tried not to notice the striking cut of his masculine frame. He got right to the point. "Do you want to hang?"

She tried not to pee herself again at the thought.

She swallowed back the fear she'd managed to keep tucked safely away. But slowly, it was starting to surface. She knew, of course, that someday the consequences might catch up with her. Men took their horses more seriously than their women, and she'd stolen whole fleets of horses. The mayor she’d come for had been a wellbeloved man. And she knew there were risks in going after the rich.

She’d known, deep inside, what was probably coming, but she’d kept it forcibly far from her mind.

"Because you are absolutely going to hang," Branson added.

"Well thank you for coming to rub it in."

She wanted so badly to sit on the raggedy cot but she didn't want to soil it with her damp pants.

"I've come here to give you an ultimatum,” he said simply. “You're going to hang. And the only way not to hang is to show me where your loot is." Fuck.

She stared at him levelly, and his hard face did not betray any relenting.

"I'm giving you a chance at life. It's all you'll get."

He sat in the chair across from her and watched her with those icy eyes, the eyes she'd felt appraising her earlier when she'd soiled and humiliated herself.

"Fine," she said quickly.

"Fine." He stood.

"We'll leave before sunrise. Get your sleep."

And he was gone as quick as he'd arrived.

