Waking up Desperate

Author: J.E. Hart

It was 2:30 am. The bedroom was pitch black and the soft breathing of my husband sleeping next to me was the only thing I heard.

I should have been asleep. I wanted to go back to sleep. But the issue with that was, I really, really had topee.

Now, I could have just gotten out of bed and taken a quick trip to the toilet, but my husband had gotten home from a business trip late last night and I didn’t want to wake him up. He was a light sleeper and just the creaking of the bed and shifting of my weight probably would have stirred him.

When I first woke up and felt that deep pang in my bladder, I tried to turn around and fall back asleep. When I turned my body, though, the liquid in my bladder shifted with me and I felt the bed pressing into it every time I breathed.

Now I was fully awake and didn’t have a chance of drifting off to sleep again unless I was able to empty my full bladder.

I sighed, closed my eyes, and pressed my legs together under the covers. Squeezing my thighs helped to relieve some of the pressure for a few seconds, but it wasn’t enough to do more than that.

I debated whether I should just get up and risk waking my husband up or try to hold on through the night.

Then I remembered that it was still several hours till dawn and not only would I lose tons of important sleep, but I would also be lying here forever and my desperation would significantly increase.

The minutes ticked by and I realized that my predicament was getting worse and worse. I wriggled my legs together, rubbing my bare skin back and forth. The only fabric between my pussy and the bedsheets were some loose pajama shorts. If I leaked, which was quickly becoming a possibility, it was going to go almost straight to the bed.

Lying on my back applied increased pressure to my whole bladder, which in turn caused me to tense up my back and pelvic muscles. I was uncomfortable, tired, and worst yet, it was cold out and I was not wearing enough clothes or under enough blankets to keep the frigid air from getting to me.

I read once that coldness made it harder to hold your pee when you really had to go. I wasn’t sure how bad it made it, but it sure wasn’t helping any.

I shivered and pulled the covers up to my chin, bending my knees a little to help with how my bladder felt so stretched out.

My pee hole throbbed. I hadn’t leaked yet, but not being able to move around too much made it an imminent threat. Of course, if I wet the bed, the consequences would be way worse than waking my husband up when I left my warm cocoon.

My hand found its way to my lower abdomen where I held it gingerly over my bulging bladder. The warmth spread across my skin and gave me some sense of safety.

With my hand still placed protectively over my bladder, I shifted onto my side and stared out into the room. My eyes had adjusted to the dark once I conceded that I wasn’t going to be able to go back to sleep.

It would be so easy to just get up and run to the bathroom, I thought.

I rested my gaze on the closed door on the wall opposite me. That was the door to our bathroom, and just behind it was a toilet. A toilet that would hold all my massive amounts of urine for me.

It was so tempting. I was seconds away from just getting up and doing it when my husband sighed and turned around in his sleep, placing his arm over my waist.

It rested directly over my bladder, which spammed in protest. For the first time tonight, I felt a tiny drop of wetness around my pee hole. It made me tense up my body like a board and squeeze my eyes shut.

Please, no, I silently begged my body.

I hadn’t wet the bed since I was a child, and I certainly wasn’t about to start now.

My bladder had other ideas, however, and I had to turn to rubbing my legs subtly back and forth to create movement that helped me hold.

What I really wanted to do was move my husband’s arm off of me, but that would for sure wake him up. I was absolutely trapped now with no other options but to lie mostly still, except for the motions I was making with my legs.

I turned around again so I could lie flat on my back, which was a huge mistake. My husband’s arm was resting heavily on my bladder bulge. It was the worst pressure I’d ever felt when needing to pee.

I carefully reached my hand down, moving slowly until I finally reached the crotch of my shorts. I pushed the damp fabric aside, pressing a few of my fingers directly into my pee hole.

By squeezing my legs into my hand and using my fingers to physically hold back all my piss,

I was able to hold on without much trouble for several minutes.

After a while, I decided to chance looking at my phone to check the time. It wasn’t any lighter outside, but I was hopeful that more time had passed than I realized.

My heart sank when I saw that it was only just past 3:00 am and I still had about three hours before my usual time of getting up.

I began to plan out what I was going to do - anything to keep my mind off of the aching in my pelvic region that was exacerbated by the big, strong arm over my belly.

I could maybe get up a little after 5, and if my husband woke up too, it wouldn’t be insanely early.

That’s what I was going to do. All I had to get through now was about two hours, which seemed doable.

Until it didn’t.

Despite my hand on my crotch and everything else I was doing to keep the urine in check, I leaked again.

This one was a lot bigger and longer than the first leak. It felt like a seal had been broken and now I was going to keep losing big spurts of pee.

I silently panicked and shoved my hand deeper into my pussy and shimmied my legs back and forth.

My breaths came in rapid, shallow puffs. I truly didn’t know if I was going to make it much longer, but I didn’t have any backup plan. If worst came to worst, I guessed I would just have to jump up, run to the bathroom, and explain to my husband what happened.

It would be embarrassing, but less embarrassing than wetting the bed.

I didn’t know how I managed, but using my hand, my legs, and all the strength I could muster, I held my pee in for almost two more hours. Several more leaks happened, each one threatening to be way worse than the previous if I didn’t hold on with all I had. The squirming, the pressing, the writhing - everything I was doing couldn’t be stopped for even a second if I wanted to not have a full accident.

The second my phone showed 5:00 on its screen, I wormed my way out of bed. My husband had since removed his arm from on top of me, which was a small mercy. I quickly realized once my feet hit the cold wood floor that I was doubled over and couldn’t have stood straight up unless I wanted to burst.

I shuffled quietly to the bathroom, chancing a look behind me to see if I had woken my husband up. From where I was, he still looked asleep, so I exhaled a sigh of relief and kept walking forward, feeling a warm trickle of pee run down my leg.

That trickle was continuous and didn’t stop even when I reached the bathroom and opened the door to get inside.

In fact, it grew larger, turning into a little stream. It ran in rivulets down my bare leg where it pooled onto the tiled floor. I bounced up and down on the balls of my feet while I struggled to get the toilet seat up and my short down.

I ripped my soaked shorts off and practically threw myself onto the seat just in time for the dam to burst. All my pee sprayed out of my with so much force, I had to hold the counter next to the toilet to keep myself steady.

It flowed into the toilet bowl, the stream unbreaking until a couple of minutes later when it finally turned into an intermittent trickle. I realized that I was a little sweaty, my face was hot, and I was breathing heavily like I had just run a marathon.

It felt so good to finally be empty, I sat on the toilet for a second longer and leaned back, pressing one hand into my now-flat abdomen.

No more pee. No more desperation.

I tiptoed back into the bedroom a few minutes later where my husband was lying peacefully in bed. I slid under the covers and snuggled up next to him, closing my eyes in the hopes that I would sleep for the last hour I had left in bed.

It turned out that I hadn’t needed to have waited like I did after all. I didn’t wake my husband, and he had no idea I had been desperate to pee when he did wake up - or, at least, he didn’t say anything to me about it or indicate he knew.

I didn’t mind, though. The wait may have been painful, but finally letting go felt like nothing else I’d ever felt before. Part of me hoped I would never have to go through desperation that bad again, but part of me kind of wanted it to happen naturally like it did last night. I wouldn’t hate the thought of waking up desperate and not being able to get up to pee. It might even be fun to see if it played out a little differently the next time.
