Mo's gotta go!

Author: C.U. Squirm (1996'10) f P#272

A couple of years ago, I was in a bar the night before Thanksgiving. I was with some friends and we had been out drinking and we decided to go to late night bar. We had been there for awhile and I noticed a long line near the women's bathroom. I always go check out a long women's bathroom line when I see one. Anyway, I noticed a beautiful brunette wearing tight blue jeans and a sweater that was standing near the end of the line. She was dancing around from one foot to the other and had a very concerned look on her face.

The bathrooms were located at the rear of the bar and there was a rear door nearby. All of a sudden the rear door opened and a couple of guys came into the bar. Since it was late November, it was rather cold outside. When the guys came in they didn't close the door right away for some reason. Since the brunette was squirming from foot to foot at the end of the line, she was near the door. One of the guys noticed this beautiful girl squirming around and thought it was because she was cold. He then said to his friend, "Hey, close that door. Can't you see that your making this poor girl freeze to death?" Then the girl said, "No, I'm not cold, I just have to pee really bad."

This was all I needed to hear. I thought that maybe I could get into a conversation with this girl and she would talk to me about how bad she needed to pee. I casually walked up to her and asked her what her name was. She replied "Mo". I then said, "Don't you just hate these long bathroom lines?" Mo said, "Yes, especially when I have to pee this bad!" As she said this she crossed her legs tightly and bent over at the waist sticking out her great ass in the process. After doing this she returned to dancing around from one foot to the other. I said, "Mo, are you one of those weak bladdered females?" She said, "Yes I am. This happens to me every time I go out drinking. Oh God, I have to goooo! I've been waiting for such a long time!"

Right about then, a couple of Mo's friends came back to where the bathroom lines were and approached her. She said to one of them, "God, I have to go so bad that I can't stand still." She had moved up a little in the line by now and was near enough to the door to dance over and pound on it. She yelled, "Hurry up . . . Please!" She was doing a lot more leg crossing now and she would bend over each time she did it, sticking out her tight ass. In between the leg crossing, she continued to dance from foot to foot, but a lot faster now. She had a very desperate look on her face now and continued to pound on the door and yell at the girls inside to hurry. She appeared to be near the breaking point now and she knew it.

She then said frantically to one of her friends, "I think that there is another bathroom on the other side of this bar. I'm going to go check. Please keep my place in line. If I can't get into the other bathroom, I'm coming back here. If you get into the bathroom while I'm gone I'll knock on the door and You HAVE to let me in. God, I have to pee so bad." Now I had been to this bar before and I knew that Mo was right. I didn't want this to end so when I heard her say she was going over there I beat hear there and went into the bathroom and locked the door. Mo reached the bathroom shortly thereafter and grabbed the door knob.

When she realized that it was locked she said "Oh No" and began to knock on the door yelling "Please hurry, Please! It's an emergency!" I said back "This may take a while, but I'm doing my best." I heard her frantically scurry away from the door. I waited until she was safely out of view and the exited the bathroom and headed back to the other side of the bar where I knew Mo had hurried back to.

Mo's girlfriends had made it into the bathroom by now and when Mo saw that they were no longer in the line she immediately ran to the door and started knocking and yelling for her friends to let her in. As she did this she was squirming and bending one leg at the knee and crossing it over the other leg tightly, while bending down with the other knee at the same time. The bathroom line was still long and one of the girls that was near the front said "Hey, get to the end of the line, we all have to pee too". Mo said, "I was in this line already. My friends were saving my place. There in the bathroom right now"!

The other girl said, "I don't care. Get to the end of the line. You're not cutting in." Just then the door opened and Mo's friends began to come out of the bathroom. The last one tried to hold the door open for poor Mo, but the next girl in line quickly went into the bathroom and closed the door. Mo then said to one of her friends, "Oh No. What am I going to do now?! I have to pee so bad that I can't hold it much longer. I'm about to wet my pants!" Mo's girlfriend said "Let's see if we can't get you into the guys bathroom." Mo was crossing her legs now really hard and bending at the waist, rubbing her right hand hard and fast over her crotch, trying as hard as she could not to pee in her pants.

Then the two girls walked (Mo hobbled) over to the mens room and went to the front of the line. Mo said, "Please let me go in front of you, I'm about to have an accident I have to pee so bad." The guy then said "It's O.K. with me, but we have to ask the other guys in the line." He then said "Anyone mind if we let her cut in line?" One guy said, "Yeah, I mind. Let her wait like everyone else". Mo said, "Please, I have to go sooo bad!" The guy at the end of the line said, "So do I. I'm not letting you get in there so you can comb your hair and take forever like every girl does." Mo then said, "No No I promise. I'll just pee and come right out. PLEASE!!!"

"No way" said the guy, Go to the women's bathroom like your supposed to". Mo then said to her friend, "Oh my God, what am I going to do?! I'm about to pee in my pants." By now Mo was almost running on the spot, only occasionally stopping to cross her legs tightly, bending at the waist and rubbing her crotch frantically with both hands. Then Mo almost screamed, "Oh No, it's too late" I can't hold it anymore. It's coming out! I'm peeing in my pants, I can't stop"! Mo was facing me and and after a few seconds I could see her jeans getting darker at her crotch. She kept rubbing her crotch and squeezing her legs together trying to stop the flow, but it was no use.

Her pee flooded down her legs, soaking her pants at the inseams all the way down to her shoes. She must have wet her pants for at least 30 seconds. She began to cry and said to her friends, "Oh my God. I can't believe this is happening. I peed in my pants. Oh God. I can't believe I wet my pants"! Then she said to her friend, "Please go get my coat. I can't go into the bar like this. Oh God, this is so embarrassing." Mo then exited the rear door and shortly thereafter her girlfriends approached the rear door and one said, "Why are we leaving? We just got here?" The other girl said "Mo had an accident. We have to go."

