My Story - Part 2

Author: Chris Wet (1997'08) f P#082

I must thank those who have given me such encouragement in writing down my story. I must admit it serves several purposes; to better understand myself, and to try and meet a special lady that has similar interests. I would never make up a personal ad, I couldn't say what I needed to in that small amount of space. I only hope that maybe there is someone out there that is missing out in their love life as I am, the rest of my life seems to be coming together nicely. Some of you may already be familiar with my ex - as she and I wrote several stories together. All fantasy (taken from real life experiences) she wrote under the pen name wetfun1@aol.com (now a dead account, so don't try mailing her there). Chris is my real name and after chatting with several really nice ladies at Alori's wet chat board, I decided to put down my life events for all to read, (thanks "Dripping" and "Katrina" for all your kind remarks)

Well enough rambling, on to chapter 2 . . .

Julie (now my ex wife then my girlfriend) had begun to explore the wet side with help from the accident she had on the way home from the beach, and my encouragement. After she wet her pants with me on the couch, she seemed to really be inspired by this new found turn-on. Julie began suggesting ways she might be able to wet herself and she came up with some pretty outrageous places to try it at. Her best idea was my favorite, at a rock concert! (if you recall in chapter 1, I related my job as a sound technician at these types of shows), I envisioned Julie being one of the many girls I had watched so desperate at the bathroom lines, now she actually wanted to act out one of my oldest fantasies for real! Wow, was I excited. Julie never told me exactly what she had up her sleeve, but I was ready for whatever she came up with.

The day of the show arrived and we were both looking forward to seeing Bruce Springsteen, one of Julie's' favorite musicians. We had a few beers during the afternoon and lounged around that Saturday waiting for the evening to arrive. As show time got closer and we were getting dressed, Julie asked me which pants she should wear. She was holding up two different pairs; an old faded pair of jeans that were way too tight but looked great on her or the others - light pink designer jeans, also too tight. I told her they both looked great on her sexy body, as did everything she wore, but I suggested the pink pair as they were a lot nicer looking. Julie agreed. "I hope the bathroom lines won't be too long - or we might have to leave early, so I can put on a show for you in the parking lot!" she said. I smiled at her obvious reference to my turn-on.

When we arrived at the stadium we found our seats, they were close to the front of the stage and off to the side of the floor. Julie asked me to get some beers before the show started while she held the seats. I agreed and went off in search of the refreshment stand at the main entrance area. I love concerts, all the years of working around big name acts, and I still never get tired of going to the shows, something about the excitement in the air. As I made my way through the crowd I took notice of where the bathroom location, and as I passed them I noticed a line already forming at the ladies room door and into the hallway. The beer stand was just past them so I got in that line and slowly made my way to the front. I ordered four large beers, as I didn't want to come back before intermission.

Just as I was collecting my beer and change the crowd began to yell and the house lights dropped - the show was beginning. I moved as fast as carrying the beers and the crowd would allow me to. I arrived back at the seats Julie was saving, just as the Boss came out on stage! "Great timing" Julie said as she took two of the beers form me and set one down on the floor between her legs. "I was getting really thirsty, it's so hot in here". Julie drained about half of her first beer in one gulp. I then began to wonder how long she could wait before we had to go? I didn't want too miss too much of the show, and the way Bruce plays, I knew the show could go over four hours like the last time I had seen him play.

Bruce was on tonight, the sound was great, and the crowd was going nuts. Julie and I danced and swayed to the music. At the intermission Julie suggested two more beers, as we had finished our first two. I couldn't say no to her so I left to make another beer run. This time both bathrooms and the beer stand had enormous lines. There were quite a few desperate people in each line, desperate to pee and desperate to get beer. I watched the slow moving ladies room line to my right while I waited to get the beer. A few girls were getting pretty bad off, but I didn't see any crotch grabbing, just a lot of crossed legs and bouncing women.

The beer line was moving faster though and soon I had my purchase in hand. I got back to Julie and handed her beers to her. "How are you holding up?" I inquired. "Not bad yet, but I am filling up" she responded. As the intermission was nearing an end Julie nudged me to turn around. Even before I could turn around I heard a girls' voice saying "do you think the lines are shorter yet? I'm about to burst". When my eyes found the voice I saw a two cute teenager girls about 17 talking two rows behind us and one was absolutely squirming, with her legs crossed tightly. Just as they began to make their way through the crowd for the bathrooms, the lights went down again. I lost sight of them just as they reached the aisle. Julie asked "think she'll make it?"

I just smiled and watched my beautiful girlfriend take another long swig of beer from her cup, then turned my attention back to the concert stage in front of me.

This story will continue as long as I live and wet.

###

I am always interested in exchanging life experiences with other like minded individuals. I am really interested in corresponding with females from all over who like to play "hold it", desperation and wetting games. I am looking forward to filling a void in my life since my divorce, and here is as good as any forum to advertise my self in.

Stats: Divorced white male age 34, slim build 140 lbs. thick brown hair, brown/green eyes, owns business and has an entrepreneur spirit, enjoy the finer things in life, as well as the basics, camping in the Rocky Mountains or camping at a four star resort - I love both. I have no children, and am a very light drinker, occasional smoker, tobacco and marijuana, no other drugs, I eat meat, I don't hunt animals, and close friends tell me I'm an extremely mellow individual.

LADIES, write me for fun and intrigue, you never know! Friends first.

