Peeing in public
	Chapters 1-10
By DETTFM (1997'03)

1) I guess I've repressed it for years, this need I suppose I've always had to pee in public. It wasn't until I started reading all the stories on the Net and viewing the photos in the newsgroups from fellow pee fetishists that I realized that I wasn't alone. I guess you could say that I am proud to announce that, thanks to all of you out there, I've finally come out--of the "water" closet, that is.

I am female, and have had the same wonderful male lover, HHFM, for many years. Unfortunately, we have been living in different parts of the country for the past few years and we only get to see each other a few times a year. Well, I finally confessed my pee fetish to him, breaking the ice by e-mailing various photos and stories I found on the net to him, and then finally talking about my own needs. Much to my delight, he became a willing participant and started planning pee adventures with me. And just this past weekend, he visited and helped me set my inhibitions free.

HHFM suggested we start at the airport parking lot (a six-story covered structure). He suggested I wear a short, lightweight, flared skirt, which he calls a "flippy" skirt (because it is easy to "flip" it out of the way), and I decided that thong panties would be a good choice under it. They would provide the deligtful feeling associated with wetting my panties, but would also make it possible to walk away without excessive, telltale dripping. I also shopped for totally waterproof sandals. I live in a warm climate, so that was all I needed.

It's a long drive to the airport, so I wasn't sure about the timing of drinking the necessary amount of water. I was afraid, if I didn't time it just right, I'd be bursting to pee before I met him and got to the parking lot, and I might have an actual accident. I wasn't quite ready for that embarrassment just yet.

I took a huge 32-oz. covered mug filled with water and drank it on the way. Sure enough, by time I got to the terminal and met him, I was getting pretty desperate to pee. I did manage to hold it though, and I was glad I was so desperate because, as a first-timer, I might have had trouble letting go in public. He seemed as excited about the pee adventure as I was, so we hurried to the parking lot. I was parked on the fifth level. We walked toward my car, noticing that other people were also on the same level, coming and going, but no one was in the immediate vicinity. I was pleased that I'd gotten all the way to the car with my bladder bursting, but hadn't let out a single drop of pee. Right next to the car, he said, "Okay, squat and do it! He squatted down in front of me. 

With no hesitation at all, I also squatted, exposing my white satin, lace-trimmed thong panties to him and peed heartily and lustfully right through them. The puddle my pee formed was huge and spreading fast. This adorable, lustful man reached right for my peeing pussy and moved the soaked crotch of my panties over to one side. While I continued to pee, he rubbed my clit gently as my pee bathed his fingers. I finally finished peeing and had a delicious orgasm instantly. We stood, surveyed the speading puddle, jumped into the car, and made a quick and satisfying getaway.

And that is how our weekend of public peeing adventures began. Stay tuned for plenty more...

2) The morning of the second day of our long weekend of pee adventures began with a ride to a tuxedo rental shop. I have a family wedding coming up soon, and HHFM will be in the wedding party, so we needed to make the necessary arrangements that morning. I remembered that this particular establishment has a parking lot in the rear of the store. To access it, you must drive up a narrow driveway beside the building and then park out of sight of the traffic on the main road. I drank plenty of water before leaving the house.

By the time we arrived at the lot, I was, of course, bursting to pee. Looking around, I saw darkly shaded glass sliding doors at the rear of the building. I thought it was quite possible that the store staff could easily see right into the small parking lot, so I dared not pee for all to see and then go into the shop and order a tuxedo from people who had just observed our naughty pee adventure. So I had no choice but to try to hold it.

The entire process of filling out the tuxedo rental form, measuring HHFM, and having him try on a sample jacket and pants was interminable. I stood by the counter, trying not to look too obvious, nevertheless, I shifted from one foot to the other, crossed my legs, and pressed my thighs together repeatedly. The fact that I had to pee so badly would have been obvious to anyone looking for these telltale signs, but several other customers had come into the store, and the two-person staff had more than they could handle with them and HHFM, so no one was paying any attention to me. (I knew that would of course change quickly if I suddenly flooded their carpet.)

I yearned to pee just a little, just enough to wet my panties and relieve the immediate pressure, but not enough to drip down my legs or onto the carpet. HHFM winked and smiled at me a few times, knowing of my desperate need and anticipating the adventure to come. I must have been mere seconds from letting go and wetting myself and the tiny store completely, when the transaction finally ended and we made a hasty exit, hand in hand.

We sprinted down the little driveway toward a perfect pee spot under a tree right next to the car, with lots of fallen leaves and grass and gravel on the ground. I had no time to pose or get into a nice, comfortable squatting position. Seconds before I reached the spot just beside my car I lost it and started peeing, already wetting my panties under my short skirt as I stepped onto the ground under the tree. HHFM encouraged me to spread my legs, because some pee was already rolling down my legs. 

I spread my legs and just let the warm pee gusher flow. It seemed like several minutes as huge rivulets of pee poured out of me, cascaded down the slightly inclined ground, and pooled and spread everywhere. The feeling of release was absolutely blissful. My pee torrent kept coming long after I felt no more bladder pressure at all. It just kept flowing, while HHFM and I enjoyed watching the strong stream hitting the ground and commented on "the splash factor" --just how much a stream of pee splashes on leaves and grass as opposed to concrete, for example.

Finally it tapered off and HHFM hurried me into the car, where he'd already spread a beach towel on the seat for me. Just as he drove off, he rubbed my soaked crotch just long enough to hear me moan with orgasmic delight, then he licked his fingers, gave me a quick kiss, and we were on our way to our next adventure...

3) While HHFM drove us to the site of our next pee adventure, I kept drinking water from a gallon jug we'd brought with us just for the occasion. Our next stop: A huge, mostly outdoor but covered flea market he looks forward to visiting each time he comes to see me. We were sure we'd find plenty of ideal pee spots all over that place. It's usually pretty crowded, so we'd have the added thrill of getting away with our naughty deeds while any number of unsuspecting people might catch us in the act. I must credit HHFM with our new motto: "No place is safe from us."

My panties had dried quickly as we drove along on that beautiful 80-degree day with all the car windows open, so I'd hoped to "mark" the parking lot just to get them wet again. But I wasn't quite ready, so we started maneuvering up and down the lengthy aisles while my bladder pressure built. The place was more crowded than I thought, and I was fast losing my nerve. There really was no place even partially secluded. Anywhere I chose to pee, I would be seen wetting myself. I couldn't do it THAT publicly, I told HHFM. His response: "Let's see if you're all woman or all talk. You ARE going to pee here. We are not leaving until I get to slide my hand up underneath that "flippy" skirt and feel those wet panties again." No wonder I love this man.

We walked and walked, browsing at all the booths while my need to pee built. Ever watchful for a pee spot, we kept "coming up dry." By now, I was bursting. Squirming as we walked, I told HHFM that I'd better give in and find a real bathroom. "No way am I letting you anywhere near a real bathroom," was his exciting and stimulating response.

Before long, I was holding the business end of my purse in front of my pussy so I could press it against my crotch to stem the tide that was sure to break loose any minute. My pee was so close to the surface I could taste it. And I was surrounded by people, none of whom seemed to notice that I now hand my hand shamelessly pressing against my crotch because I was about to explode. "Do you want me to pee my panties right here in front of all these people," I asked, knowing full well what he'd say. "Yes, I do," he replied, "but first I have to make a phone call." He'd spotted a pay phone in a little alcove just a few feet from the throng of shoppers. I couldn't imagine who he'd be calling, but I didn't care because I had to pee so badly. As we hurried over to the phone, I could feel those first few drops making their way into my panties as I desperately tried to postpone the ecstasy of blessed relief.

That sweet man motioned to me to stand against the wall next to the phone while he pretended to make a call. Into the receiver he said, "Pee for me, darling," and I let loose. Pee gushed straight to the concrete noisily and swirled around his shoes. He stood firm, enjoying standing midstream and watching relief flood my face as warm pee flooded the ground. Amazingly only a few kids stopped and stared, but at that point, I couldn't have cared less. While I was still peeing a river, HHFM walked around behind me and slid his hand right up against my pussy, cupping my pee in his hand and quickly bringing me to orgasm. I was beyond noticing who was noticing. My ecstasy knew no bounds. Drained, I turned to face him while we kissed deeply and fervently. I rubbed my drenched pussy up against his hard dick while we told each other we were meant to be together always. But we still had much more of the flea market to pee, er, peruse, so always would have to wait...

4) When you drink as much water as I do to prepare for a pee adventure, the bladder fills nearly as quickly as it empties. Feeling totally spent in more ways than one, HHFM and I resumed a leisurely stroll up and down the aisles of the flea market. Not even ten minutes later, I began feeling those first few pleasant twinges of the need, once again, to pee. For extra "ammo," he steered me over to a water fountain and made sure I drank plenty more. The day was still young--and what a night we had ahead of us!

We actually bought a few little things, just to pass the time while the pressure built. Soon it was time to whisper into his sweet ear, "Honey, I have to pee." HHFM replied, "I really don't want you using the bathrooms here. They're not safe, my love. I want you to hold it until I get you home." As if!!!

I played along for another ten minutes or so, by which time I was clearly fidgeting--and starting to get worried about a real accident, wetting myself again for all to see. "I'm not kidding, dear, I'm going to wet my panties very soon if we don't find a place for me to pee," I told him. We were walking down a long hallway in one of the few indoor buildings in the flea market, passing little enclosed concession rooms and shops along the way, a few of which were vacant, with huge empty picture windows ending just about at waist level. I was getting desperate, knowing I only had perhaps another minute or two before my pee would be running down my legs, and there'd be nothing I could do to stop it. And there wasn't a real bathroom in sight.

"This is it, honey. I'm starting to pee," I whispered to him. I'd already wet my panties just a little, but now the next few drops were rolling down my legs. Here it was: the moment of truth. Probably 50 people milling past me in both directions and I was peeing in my pants right in front of them all.

In a split second and just as casual as could be, HHFM steered me right into one of the vacant shops. We stood right behind the window, facing each other, hidden from the passersby from our waists down. The parade of people was no more than two feet away, and any of them could have poked a head right into that room at any second. "Pretend we're having an intense conversation, dear, and pee for all you're worth," he said, gazing deeply into my soul. I didn't need any encouragement, because the dam had already burst.

A torrent of pee bathed both my legs and soon built to a steady stream hitting the floor right between my feet. The puddle spread out around us, soaking the cheap, well-worn carpet thoroughly. Dozens of people continued to walk by, totally oblivious to the fact that a mere two feet away from them, I was peeing a gusher right onto the floor. Couldn't they hear the hissing as it poured out of my pussy? Couldn't they hear it splattering the carpet? Apparently not, because we got no more than a few casual, disinterested glances. Again, HHFM stood right in the middle of it all, his hands caressing my hips while my warm pee splashed up all over his jeans and his shoes.

Finally, the stream became a trickle and petered out, and the last few drops rolled down my legs. Because the wet spot on the carpet was so huge and still spreading, we decided to make a hasty retreat back into the stream of passersby. We were quite a distance from the parking lot, but feeling as intensely about each other as we did at that moment, we got there in no time.

The parking lot was full of cars, but empty of people, so my partner in pee crimes walked me right over to the car, and had me press my thighs up against the front fender on the passenger side and lean forward. He positioned himself right up against my ass, took a quick look around, unzipped his jeans, slid my soaked thong to one side and entered my wet pussy from behind. It only took a few strokes, right there in the warm, breezy open air, and we both came intensely and blissfully. Quickly he tucked himself back in and turned me around to face him, pressing my bare ass right against the fender.

"Now pee a little more for me, baby," he said. The crotch of my panties was still over to one side, so I pushed a little, sending warm rivulets of pee mixed with his luscious white cream trickling down both my legs and down the side of the car. He stooped down in front of me and licked my inner thighs and my pussy clean for me. Then he stood and forced his tongue deeply into my mouth as we both tasted the fruits of our labors on that warm, sunny day, the day we turned Flea World into Pee World...

5) Basking in the afterglow of our pee adventures at the flea market, HHFM and I drove along leisurely, enjoying the warm, balmy breezes and the setting sun. Before long we realized that we hadn't eaten all day, and decided to stop at a casual restaurant specializing in grilled tropical chicken. Meanwhile, I drained what remained in the gallon jug of spring water we'd placed in the back seat.

We arrived at the brightly lit fast-food establishment and ordered, then carried our food and beverages to a booth in a far corner, away from the mainstream of diners. Once again I announced that I'd better head for the restroom, when my dining partner intervened with yet another excuse for my bladder pressure to build beyond reasonable limits. "I just saw a cleaning man head that way with his mop and bucket, so I'm sure the ladies room will be closed for a while. Why not just stay here with me and enjoy your dinner?" he said with a wink and a smile.

I couldn't help but notice, as I knew HHFM had also, that the benches we were sitting on were actually made of highly lacquered wooden slats--no cushions, and spaces of more than an inch between each slat. The floors were highly polished vinyl. Hmmm... I wondered if he thought I'd dare......no......far too many people around, no seclusion, bright lighting, restaurant employees everywhere......"

HHFM and I enjoyed our meal, as it really was good, low-fat, healthfully prepared fare. And our huge cups of ice water were certainly no "accident" either. Only a few minutes into the meal, I was already crossing my legs and shifting from one cheek to the other, trying to repress my urgent need to pee. My panties had dried nearly completely from my last wetting, nevertheless I'd "flipped up" my skirt behind me as I sat down to allow total drying. My crotch and my bare ass rested right on the bench.

As our meal wound down, I commented that surely the custodian had finished cleaning the bathrooms by now. "Whether or not he has," HHFM replied, "You're not going anywhere." Not only was I feeling strong signals in my pussy to pee; his words now added those first few signals that an orgasm wasn't too far behind either. He leaned across the table and kissed me lightly on the lips, increasing both urges simultaneously. "Go ahead, sweetheart. Pee right here, right through the bench and right onto the floor," he encouraged. "They'll just think someone spilled some water."

I have to interject here that I really am a responsible, otherwise law-abiding person and wouldn't encourage anyone to actually deface property by peeing indiscriminately. But when you drink at least a gallon of water in any given day, your pee becomes so dilute that it is actually colorless, odorless, and tasteless. (We have, of course, checked out all three parameters...) That's the guiding principle I use to justify what some might consider wanton vandalism--that it's just like spilling water.

It took me only a few seconds to remind myself of this, and by then I'd reached the point of no return. Still anxious about the sound my peeing on the floor would make and the attention it would attract, I held HHFM's hands across the table and released that first warm, wet rush of relief--just a little, just enough to relieve the immediate pressure. My panties soaked it up greedily, bathing my clit, my pussy, and my anal blossom in warm wetness. And, inevitably, a few drops hit the deck.

"There you go, dear. Did anyone notice?" HHFM asked me. Not a head turned. "Was that enough to satisfy us?" Not nearly. "Do you want to pee on the floor some more now?" No way I DIDN'T want to. "So pee for me, angel." And I did. That wash of relief swept over me as I willfully released a stream of pee that soaked right through my panties and formed a medium-size puddle on the floor right under me. I admit I didn't pee all I could have, but forced myself to stop before the puddle spread beyond my feet, just in case. Besides, my need to come was fast overshadowing my need to pee.

In the blink of an eye, HHFM got up and slid into the booth next to me, picked up my beverage cup with his left hand and took a swig (to distract anyone who noticed his sudden rush to my side of the booth), while massaging my dripping crotch with his right. My hand instinctively traveled to the huge hard bulge between his own legs. A mere ten seconds later I came silently, but forcefully just the same. He licked his fingers, took me by the hand, and we quickly darted out of the restaurant and into the car. Under cover of darkness, we sat in the front seat and stroked each other off to yet another marvelous orgasmic release. As is my usual pattern, I took him into my mouth in the final moments of his release, so I could taste and swallow his soft warm essence, just as anyone who loves a man should do for him whenever the need arises...

6) We had only one more stop to make that Saturday night--an "adult" store a good 10 miles or so from the restaurant. We drove out of the parking lot and onto the main road, talking about what we might want to purchase there. Our various sex toys were starting to show some "wear and tear," so we thought we'd see what's new in erotic merchandise these days.

Since I had only peed a portion of what I'd already stored, and since I'd had plenty of water at the restaurant, I was already getting uncomfortable only a mile or two into the trip. Knowing there'd be a security guard in the parking lot of the adult store, I knew I was in trouble. 

"I need to pee again, honey, and it's getting pretty urgent" I told HHFM. "There's no way you can pee at the store, my love. I'd be afraid of what might be lurking in the restrooms at a place like that," he replied. "Really, dear, try to hold it this time. There's nowhere to stop on the way. I don't even think there's a 7-11 along this road," he added. He was right, but I was fast getting beyond the point where squirming and pressing my hand against my crotch would do any good.

A few miles later, I was in desperate danger of flooding the car seat. I was sitting on a towel, because my panties were still wet from the restaurant, so I considered peeing a little into the towel for temporary relief. But I was afraid that just a little taste of that warm wetness and I wouldn't be able to stop. I was holding so much pee at that point, that I'd flood the seat, the carpet--indeed, the whole car. And in another minute or two, it would be too late for decisions.

"Pull over now!" I told HHFM. "I can't hold it any more! I'm starting to wet myself! I'm peeing in my panties again!" I told him, as I felt a small spurt of pee soaking my already wet panties and draining into the towel. At that point, we were only about a mile or two from the store, right beside the deserted parking lot of a closed strip mall. The area was well lit right up close to the buildings, but the perimeter of the lot right next to the road seemed pretty dark. HHFM pulled in and positioned the car so it was facing the main road, and only a few feet from it.

"Get out and we'll pretend we're getting something out of the truck," my partner in pee crimes suggested. Quickly I exited the front seat, a few drops of pee already trickling down my legs, while he opened the trunk. I leaned forward, with my hands resting on the bottom "lip" of the trunk, and backlit by the illumination of the storefronts. He stood next to me while I spread my legs and shot a forceful stream of pee right through my panties onto the blacktop. The clear pee stream seemed brightly lit, as though it carried its own illumination. Really, it was a beautiful sight to look down and see and to hear, and a wondrous thing to feel, as relief flooded all my senses--and my huge spreading pee puddle pooled around our shoes.

While I was still peeing, I reached a hand over to HHFM's inviting crotch, and, as I'd hoped, he was rock hard. He didn't need an invitation. A quick look around and he'd unzipped, releasing his stiff dick from his jeans. My stream was weakening as he came up against me from behind, moved my arms into the trunk so I was bent forward, forced his rod deep into my peeing pussy, and brought his hand around front to feel my warm pee and rub my wet clit. My orgasm was instant and his was only seconds behind.

Thinking it was safe to linger a moment, he pulled out and turned me around to face him. I lifted my skirt in front to rub up against him, straddling his juicy but diminishing erection with my wet inner thighs and teasing each other's lips with gentle kisses, when suddenly we realized that the lights were a little brighter than we'd thought. A discreet 100 feet away or so in the same parking lot was a huge semi with its headlights pointing our way. Apparently, we'd had an audience. HHFM zipped up, and as we turned to get back into the car, we both waved in the direction of the truck. Our response: A friendly double-pull on the airhorn. I hope that trucker enjoyed himself as much as we did!

7) Fresh from our satisfying pee encounter in the nearly deserted parking lot, we arrived at the adult store. We'd both had a good long drink of water to make sure we'd be ready for more fun at home, since this would be our last stop.

Saturday night at an erotic retail establishment is NOT my idea of a good time. It would be my guess that anyone who's there alone at that particular time is wrestling with desperation of his own--and I don't mean a full bladder. Of course, HHFM was determined to linger, perusing the video and book aisles, before we headed upstairs to the second level to look at what we'd come there to see. This store has an upper deck around the perimeter, and just happens to have an open, slatted staircase for access to it. I'm sure the visual access shoppers on the main level could easily have to the crotches of women walking along the outer edge of the upper deck was no "accident" either.

Still wearing my short skirt with only a wet thong panty under it, I was immediately aware as we ascended the staircase of how I would look to anyone passing under me--totally bare-assed. Try as I might to shield myself behind HHFM or by walking on the inner side of deck, I was soon attracting attention--one man in particular, who began brazenly "stalking me" from beneath, trying to make eye contact and matching my every move. I pointed him out to HHFM, but he just shrugged off any fear I was feeling. (I should point out at this point that HHFM is a highly experienced, inner-city police detective and a long-term street cop--and would be the first to recognize real danger for what it is.) At HHFM's suggestion, I tried to ignore the stalker, but it was almost impossible for me to do so.

Despite HHFM's nonchalance, I was really feeling uneasy--and vulnerable. How could I know how demented this individual might be? I knew HHFM could handle him if an incident did erupt, and I know that my personal risk here only existed because I knowingly and willingly came to an establishment where such behavior should not have come as any big surprise to me; still, I was feeling just a tad violated. I was not the only woman up on that deck, and despite what HHFM might say to the contrary, I was hardly the most alluring of the lot. Yes, my skirt was short, but otherwise my clothing, makeup, and demeanor, unlike the other women there, were not especially seductive. Nevertheless, I'd attracted a relentless follower. Both my irritation and my bladder pressure were building-- and I was no longer in the mood for shopping.

Finally, HHFM had pretty much decided that none of the merchandise there would serve us better than what we already had, and he was ready to leave. By this time, I was really edgy about the stalker, who we both knew was just waiting for me to descend the stairs so he could position himself under them and get a full, unobstructed view up my skirt. The staircase was wide, but I knew he'd move his upturned face directly under my crotch as I descended those steps. And the narrow slats wouldn't block a thing. Sure enough, as we edged our way over to the staircase, so did the stalker, preparing himself for what he probably comes to this establishment for on a regular basis--an unobstructed crotch view of women in short skirts walking down those stairs.

Of course, HHFM couldn't help but notice that, despite the distraction of the stalker, I was fidgeting and shifting from one foot to the other. I really wasn't focusing on my need to pee, because I knew if need be, we could stop at that same parking lot we'd "marked" on the way, and I could relieve my bladder pressure there. Right before we got to the staircase, where the stalker was already jockeying for the best view, HHFM drew me aside and whispered, "You have to pee pretty badly, don't you, dear?"

"I have to pee so badly I'm nearly wetting myself again, but I can't even think about it until I get past this pervert," I told him. "Well, why not give him more than he bargained for?" he teased, flashing that impish grin I've come to know so well. I must admit I liked the idea, but the store had at least two dozen other shoppers, it was brightly lit, and the staircase was center stage. I might as well have been walking down a runway.

"I'm not denying that it would be great to pee right on his face right in the middle of this place, but I don't think I have the nerve to do it. What if he comes after us as we try to leave? What if he calls for security? I don't know, dear..." I replied. "You can do it, my love. We both know you can. And I can handle him, and for that matter, I can handle the security guard, too. They can't prove you didn't just have an accident, so don't worry about it. We'll go down about three steps to give him a chance to get right under your pussy, then let him have it!" With a quick, deft motion, he slipped his hand under my skirt and moved the wet crotch of my panties over to one side, to prevent any possible diversion of my pee stream. "Sounds like a plan," I told the man I adore.

A few drops of pee were already escaping and starting to drip down my inner thighs by this time, so I knew I'd have no problem peeing on cue. We slowly took one, then two steps together, and sure enough, the stalker's upturned face was right under me. "Here goes!" I said to HHFM, and between steps two and three, with my left foot on step two and my right on step three, and my feet spread about 18 inches apart horizontally as well, I paused just long enough to relax and squirt a huge jet of pee right onto the slats of step three. My pee stream was so strong that the slats couldn't hold it back even momentarily.

Split into two or three smaller but still forceful streams, pee struck the stalker full force right on target, hitting him squarely in the face. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him pull back instantly, undoubtedly in shock, and I tightened my pelvic muscles just as instantly, so I could stop peeing long enough for us to make a hasty exit. Just before we exited the front door, we turned around and looked at our victim. He was groping through his pockets, probably for a handkerchief, forcefully exhaling through his nose (no doubt having inhaled some pee), and looking pretty "deflated" indeed.

8) All the way home, HHFM and I congratulated ourselves for turning the peeping Tom at the adult store into a "peed-on Tom." I, of course, had to be careful not to laugh too hard, because I'd only peed the tip of the melted iceberg my bladder was holding. And I knew full well that after we had an entire day of public pee adventures behind us, and another day of more pee adventures in front of us, HHFM would surely have "plans" for our homecoming. Despite my desperation, I drank yet another huge cup of water from our reserve supply of spring water.

We soon reached the house, and HHFM pulled the car into the garage, closing the garage door only partially behind us. I was holding onto my crotch for dear life, knowing those first few bursts of pee would be again soaking my panties very soon. We both got out of the car and HHFM headed quickly for the house. I followed, but he turned around and said, "And just where do you think you're going? You're staying right there beside the car till I get back. And no peeing until I say so!" Words like that bring me to my knees instantly. My pussy was immediately wet--and not with pee.

HHFM was back in a flash, with a plastic bowl he set down on our other car. He stood right up against me, pushing his groin into my pussy and pressing my ass up against the side of the car. Inadvertently from the pressure he was exerting, I dribbled a little pee into my panties and could feel it dripping down the inside of my thighs. Meanwhile, I felt his hardening dick against me as I quivered with excitement, wondering what he had in mind-- and what he'd gotten from the house. It didn't take long to find out.

"You have been SUCH a bad girl today, wetting yourself brazenly everywhere we went. You're even peeing a little bit now, when I told you not to. Bad girls who pee themselves like that HAVE to be punished, don't they?" and as he continued to talk to me like that, he unbuckled his belt and unzipped, dropping his jeans to the floor. In a quick motion, he took a tube of lubricant from the bowl, squeezed some right onto the head of his stiff dick. Pretending to handle me roughly, he turned me around and pushed on my back to bend me over the trunk from the side. "Now don't you dare pee until I'm deep inside your ass," he warned me--too late, though, because little rivulets of pee were already escaping despite my best efforts. A tiny but spreading puddle of pee had already formed on the concrete floor at our feet.

Quickly but gently, HHFM pushed my wet thong to one side and entered my ever- receptive ass. He began fucking me right up against the car, rubbing my pussy against the fender as he thrust his soon-to explode dick deeper and deeper inside my tight ass and caressed my tits, alternately squeezing my hard nipples. We both knew I couldn't hold it much longer, so he softly whispered his permission to pee for him. A torrent of pee flooded out of me, down the side of the car and onto his hand, which at that point, he strategically moved to my crotch. The huge puddle of pee started rolling downhill, out of the garage and down our well-lit driveway for anyone who happened to be passing by to see flowing from our feet. I came delightfully while still peeing and then again right just before he shot his huge load right up my ass.

HHFM carefully extricated himself from me, and, after a quick cleansing of his dick with a damp washcloth he also had in that bowl, he told me to stay right where I was. Soon I felt orgasmic again as I realized that the warm wet stream I suddenly felt up against my ass was his pee, caressing first my asshole, then my cheeks. He then peed up my back, then turned me around to face him. He drew me close and wrapped his arms around me. After a few seconds, I felt his delicious warmth spreading from my waist up my thin sweater to my tits and then spreading all over my abdomen back down to my pussy.

Soon his pee was running down both our legs and rolling down the driveway right behind mine. I began emptying what I had left, mingling our pee as we kissed deeply and satisfyingly as he massaged my peeing pussy one more time to orgasm. We stayed in that position, wrapped around each other, savoring all the wetness we'd created together, not to mention the memories that would stay with both of us for a long time to come.

9) Bright and early the next morning, I started drinking lots of water to prepare for the exciting events of the day. We were planning a visit to a huge, well-known theme park-- and we weren't going merely for the rides and attractions. I was very excited about the prospect, as these places are usually very crowded and I was unsure about just how much public peeing we could get away with. I dressed as usual--in a short skirt, thong panties, and waterproof sandals.

No sooner had we left the house, when I knew I should have peed conventionally first, as we had a long drive ahead of us. Heavy-duty bladder pressure had already built, and we weren't even a half mile from the house. Fortunately, we had to stop for gasoline anyway, so, if need be, I could always use the rest room there. We pulled up to the gas pump, and HHFM set about the task of filling the tank.

As I stepped out of the car, that first involuntary spurt of pee wet the crotch of my panties instantly. I knew I couldn't hold it long enough to walk to the rest room. So I stepped up onto the little platform holding the pumps, leaned back against the pump, looked around at the various people coming and going and filling their tanks, smiled at HHFM who was filling our tank, spread my legs, and emptied my own tank. Who would notice another puddle on the heavily stained concrete beneath the pump anyway?

HHFM watched with pleasure as my strong, clear stream of pee shot through my panties to the step, rolled to the concrete, and pooled at the side of the car. Pee ran under the car, mingling with gasoline and oil and running out the other side. I smiled with relief as my pee gusher finally dwindled to a few final drops. The amazing thing was that no one else seemed to notice. They just went about the business of filling their gas tanks, checking their oil, and walking to and from the convenience store, never realizing that some woman was peeing gleefully all over the base of pumps 1 through 4.

When we both got back into the car, HHFM couldn't help but fondle my wet pussy right through my soaked panties, just long enough to bring me that other kind of relief. I was sitting on a towel, so after I came, he covered my crotch with the palm of his hand as he pulled out of the gas station, telling me to try to pee just a little more. Even though I was drained, I gave him a little push, peeing again just a little right through my panties onto his waiting hand. He removed his hand and licked it clean with that mischievous glint in his eyes I've come to love so much. I reached for our water jug, and off we headed for the theme park.

As we arrived and parked in the huge covered garage, we realized we had to walk quite a distance to the main gate. That was fine with me because, although I already felt the need to pee, and was carrying a huge, refillable covered sports bottle around with me, I needed a little more time to get really desperate. We entered the park and set about seeing the sights, and, as usual, scoping it out for good pee spots. But there really weren't any. Throngs of people were pretty much everywhere, and we saw very little in the way of secluded spots. We were going to have to get creative if this were to be the pee adventure we'd hoped for.

It was a beautiful day indeed, with temperatures in the 80s and plenty of warm breezes. My panties were drying quickly as we strolled around the grounds, hand in hand, feeling much younger than we really are--and very much in love. Being the helpful pee co- conspirator he is, HHFM bought a few beverages along the way, making sure I was well supplied with fluids at all times. Soon enough, the inevitable came. My bladder was bursting.

"Where can I pee, honey?" I asked him. "This is going to be tricky, dear," he replied. There was literally no place to squat that wouldn't be VERY public. Then we both spotted it at once: Just off to the side was one of those huge concrete planters with flowers and trees inside it and a wide concrete ledge around it, just made for people to sit on. And so we did. Just a few feet from the path, where hundreds of people were strolling leisurely in either direction, we sat down, and I positioned myself so my pussy was flush with the edge of the ledge. HHFM leaned forward, and turned toward me so he'd have a close-up view of the whole event.

The words, "Pee for me, my love," had barely left his lips when my flow started, soaking my panties and bathing my pussy in delicious warm wetness. Rivulets of pee flowed down the side of the planter, pooling on the sidewalk at its base. I kept peeing while HHFM watched and the puddle grew, pooling around our feet as we enjoyed the public scene we were making, knowing full well that the public wasn't noticing. When I'd finally peed all I could pee, we surveyed the puddle and decided it just looked like someone spilled a soft drink--except for the telltale wet streak leading up the side of the planter right to my dripping crotch.

"Why don't we do something a little different?" HHFM suggested as we basked in the afterglow of peeing publicly in the theme park. "Go ahead and take your panties off right here," he tempted. Still seated, I slipped them off, then he grabbed them and buried his face in them. (A head or two did turn, but only briefly) I had a little zipper lock plastic bag with a dry pair of panties in my purse, so I tucked them in there and decided to see how it would feel to continue peeing wherever we chose without any panties on at all under my short skirt. And it was great!

We went to attraction after attraction, waiting for just the moment for me to pee on cue in every one. I peed while standing in a long line waiting to embark on a boat ride--just a little, with my legs spread and no more than two or three feet from the people in front of us and behind us. I peed in the boat, again perching on the edge of the seat, and with a total stranger on the same seat to my right. I peed standing up and right onto HHFM's shoes and onto the carpet in an indoor theater, as we watched a film about movie making with his arms around me from behind.

I peed as we were on a ride made to look like an automobile, leaving a little puddle of dilute pee right on the vinyl seat beneath me. I peed walking along outdoors in the crowd, letting my warm spurts drip down my legs as we strolled. And when we were on a "bicycle built for two" ride suspended above the ground in total darkness looking at the illuminated areas above us, I even talked HHFM into unzipping his jeans, taking out his dick, lifting my skirt (he was seated directly behind me on this bicycle contraption), and peeing right onto my bare ass. I also peed right along with him, as our warm, fresh drops of pee fell far below us.

The excitement of so much public peeing was so exhilarating that we knew we'd soon have to find a place to do something even more daring. Finally we found ourselves in yet another darkened theater where the crowd was pretty thin. We stood a bit back from the others, pretending to watch the movie, while HHFM unzipped and entered my pussy from behind. By this time we were so eager for each other that it only took seconds for us both to come, privately and quietly. With his cock still dripping with our orgasmic juices and tucked between my upper thighs, we both peed right there, as I relished the delightful sensation of our mingled pee running down my legs. We barely had time to zip him up and move stealthily away from the puddle we'd made, when the movie ended and we stepped outside into the sunshine, more in love with each other than ever.

The day wound down and we soon headed for the parking garage. Of course, I'd continued to replenish my fluids all along the way, so I again had a full bladder, which I'd planned to empty in the parking garage. As we headed for the garage, we were riding a long, moving walkway, leaning on the railing and looking out over the theme park. I had my legs pressed together to keep from peeing and trying to wait for the relative seclusion of the garage, when HHFM told me to just spread my legs and relax. I did, peeing just the initial portion of my load right onto the walkway as he watched.

We then hurried to the garage, and as luck would have it, we really were alone. So I squatted beside our car's open door, with HHFM squatting in front of me. No one was in sight. He had a clear, up- close view of my bare pussy as I peed heartily onto the concrete floor, creating my hugest puddle yet, spreading out under the car and far beyond as HHFM watched. When I'd finally finished peeing, he told me to turn around and brace myself on my hands and knees. We were still alone as he unzipped and fucked me doggie-style right beside the car and my pee puddle.

We both came quickly from the excitement and, still deep inside my pussy, my wonderful partner in pee crime, who'd drank nearly as much fluid as me but can hold it much, much longer, peed an enormous gusher deep into my pussy. All that warm pee flowed back out over his dick and poured out of my pussy, washing away our orgasmic juices and looking just like I was peeing again. The sensation of all his pee flowing into and out of my pussy brought me to yet another orgasm. His pee flowed all over the ground, mingling with mine and forming farther-reaching streams under the car and beyond.

When he'd finally finished peeing what looked and felt like a gallon, he helped me up, tucked himself back into his jeans, which had gotten quite wet in front from this latest adventure, and we kissed and held each other. He first massaged my ass, then lifted my shirt and bra and kissed and sucked my tits, then rubbed my wet pussy to one final orgasm before we headed home in the darkness. As soon as we cleared the parking garage, I unzipped him, and lay on my side with my face nestled in his wet crotch, licking and sucking on his delicious cock all the way home. I will always remember our day at this theme park. It wasn't the one called "Wet 'N Wild," but to us, it sure was...

10) It was our last morning together before HHFM would head back to his neck of the woods, about a thousand miles away, until the next time he'd join me in another wet, wild weekend--or better yet, a lifetime of the same. Yes, we will be together permanently someday, but neither of us knows exactly when.

We started drinking water the moment we woke up, since we'd have to pack as much wet fun as we could into the few hours we had left. It started right on our own property, as HHFM took his usual final look around--at our landscaping (which could use more than "watering"), our fence, our house, and each other. I joined him as we talked about getting some pressure washing done on his next trip, what we'll plant in place of what was dying out in the flower beds--the usual homeowner-type planning that we always incorporate into our visits. Sometimes, we actually do the work, too.

Throughout all this discussion, of course, I was fidgeting. As is my usual pattern, I flush out my bladder a few times before we "go public" to avoid stains and odors, and it was definitely time for one of those flushes. "I'm going inside to pee, honey, before we leave for the airport" I told HHFM. "Stay with me out here a little while, dear," he teased. "It's such a beautiful day, and I know you're dying to wet yourself out here, aren't you?"

"Oh sure, with all my neighbors looking out their windows!" I replied. Meanwhile, I was crossing my legs to keep from peeing, and I was especially anxious because I wasn't even dressed in my usual pee clothes (short skirt and thong panties). I was wearing a tee shirt, khaki shorts, and conventional high-cut briefs. No way could I pee in my shorts right outside my house, although I admit that, just thinking about it was getting my pussy pretty juicy. And, as usual, it didn't take much coaxing from HHFM to bring out the "bad girl" in me.

HHFM had me squat down next to him in the driveway right outside the garage door. He suggested we pretend to be examining this narrow little flower bed that runs right beside the house in that location and pee right through my clothes. It is so hard to refuse when I'm doing all I can to keep from having an accident anyway, so I squatted beside him. The mere act of squatting forced the warm first burst of pee into the crotch of my panties, but I kept trying to hold it, just to hear HHFM coax a little harder. And harder is the right word, because I could clearly see his dick straining against his own shorts as he eyed my crotch for visible wetness. The second involuntary spurt felt fabulous as it bathed my pussy in warm wetness and created a small round wet spot that HHFM immediately spied.

"Come on, baby. Make that spot grow. Go ahead and pee for me honey," he urged. "Let's get a river of pee rolling down our driveway, and if anybody sees, so what?" And that was all it took, because I relaxed and let go immediately. It is definitely a much different sensation when there's more clothing to wet. I felt a huge amount of pee spread up my ass before it burst through my panties and shorts, soaking them thoroughly as my pee river rolled down the driveway. Still concerned about the neighbors, I got up hurriedly and ducked into the garage, with HHFM "hot on my trail."

Once inside the privacy of the garage, he quickly sat on an inverted recycling bin and pulled his own shorts to the side, releasing his hot stiff dick through a leg opening. Grabbing me by the hips, he positioned my pussy right above his dick, pushed my dripping shorts to one side and sat me down on him, thrusting his rigid member right up my pussy. "Now pee the rest, baby," he invited. And I did, soaking his shorts and balls and ass and legs with the rest of my hot piss. Soon he joined my stream, pissing way up into my pussy, bathing both of us with his full load of piss. We immediately began fucking, arms around each other, until both of us shot our "other loads." We barely had time for a fast shower and fresh jugs of water before we headed for the airport.

An hour and two full bladders later, we arrived and parked in the huge covered garage, eagerly anticipating some "tandem" peeing. As was our experience when I'd picked him up at the airport, people were around, but not in the immediate vicinity of the car. So we jumped out and he joined me on the passenger side. We assumed our squatting positions, facing each other, between ours and the next car. I was wearing my short skirt and red thong panties, which he had a full view of as I squatted. 

Always creative, HHFM decided to do things a little differently. He told me to hold it, while he unzipped and took out his beautiful semi-rigid dick, telling me that this time, he was going to be the first to wet my panties. And that's what he did. Aiming carefully, he pissed hard, his warm, wet, dilute stream hitting me right in the crotch, soaking my panties thoroughly and forming a huge spreading puddle around our feet. While he was still peeing, he told me to rub my own pussy, which I did, climaxing instantly. When he finished and was tucking himself back in, he told me to try to hold it, because we were sure to find an even more exciting place inside the airport for me to pee my full load. I agreed.

No sooner did we head for the elevators when I knew I'd never make it to the terminal. I was bursting. Well, as luck would have it, we entered the elevator on level 5, and we were its only occupants. What else could I do? As HHFM warned me to pee only enough to relieve the immediate pressure, I spread my legs and peed right on the vinyl floor, lustfully feeling my own pee mix with the pee he'd wet my panties with. I only had time to make a small puddle, when we reached the terminal level and the doors opened. A dozen people crowded in after we left and stood right in my pee puddle, totally oblivious to what I'd just done.

We headed for the gate, HHFM checked in, and I fidgeted. We had a good 15 minutes before he had to get on the plane, but the terminal was far from deserted. There was absolutely no place to sneak a pee, and we both knew it. Resigned to our disappointment, I headed for the ladies room, only to find a line of at least a dozen women waiting to get in. I hurried back to where HHFM was seated, over near a window as far from the worst of the crowd as was possible. I was using all the self-control I had to keep my hand away from crotch, suppressing that natural instinct to press on it to keep my pee from bursting forth. I sat down beside him and told him about the line. 

"What am I going to do now?"

 I moaned, squirming hard against the seat. "I really can't hold it. This isn't funny, dear. I'm really going to pee any second, and there's nowhere to do it," I whispered in his ear. He looked around and assessed the situation. People were everywhere, but only he and I were seated on this particular six-seat row of chairs. "Pee right here in the chair right now," he said. The seats had pretty thick, comfortable cushions--and could probably hold an awful lot of pee. Underneath the seats was carpeting, so even if my pee dripped through, people were unlikely to hear it, or notice anything amiss.

HHFM was already lifting my skirt in back to get it out of the path of my soon-to-pee pussy, then he took both my hands in his and leaned toward me, whispering in my ear to pee for him now. I figured I was truly a victim of circumstance. It wasn't my fault that there was a big line at the rest room. I mean, what else was a woman who desperately needed to pee to do? I couldn't have helped it if I tried. With HHFM talking me through it, making me tell him exactly when I was doing it, that I was peeing in my panties right in the chair, wetting myself thoroughly in front of all these people, and how it felt to be so lustful, I relaxed and released my entire flood right into the chair.

What a feeling, as it pooled deliciously all around me before sinking through the outer fabric into the cushion. We could actually see the pool growing between my legs, nearly overflowing and then draining into the seat. My entire ass and pussy was bathed in it, and, while HHFM kept whispering to me about how I was peeing right in front of all these people and how good it felt for both of us, I buried my face in his neck, grinding my peeing pussy and my ass into the drenched seat cushion, and felt the overpowering waves of my orgasm bringing my pee torrent to a close.

As soon as I was able to take a few deep breaths and recover, we got up casually and walked away, with a glance over our shoulders at the dark wet spot almost as large as the seat cushion itself, and the medium-size dark spot on the carpet right under the chair. I tried not to think about the poor unsuspecting person who might sit there next and hoped, for his sake, that he'd also be a pee lover. HHFM and I only had a few moments for our fond, lustful farewell, and he was on the plane and I was heading home, with many pee adventures to relive until his next wet, exciting visit...

Pee in peace,

DETTFM
