Queen of the Hills - Episode One

Author: Splashfics

*000*2020-07-11 23:11

(This extended preview features themes of extended holding, desperation, and super long peeing. It takes place in a fictional University setting, so will contain mild references to alcohol and party culture, as well as some mild nudity and sexual themes.)

Episode One (part one)

Nestled away in a particularly special corner of England, at the very top of the tallest hill for miles around, sat the most luxurious of Camber Hills' student lodgings.

A silver Rolls Royce approached, weaving its way up a long, leafy road and from its back seat, an appreciative passenger caught her first glimpse of Camber Manor through the auburn trees. Her lips curled into a satisfied smile as the residence came more clearly into view and she drank in every last drop of its splendid exterior. Where else but here would Cordelia Finegold, fairest and dearest of all, choose to call her home for her first year as a University student…

###

Dozens of over-excited freshers were already buzzing about the hallways of Camber Manor, furnishing the rooms and dormitories with their possessions as well as with a feverish air of anticipation.

Among the masses was one of a select few students who had either already finished offloading their things, or had had them delivered ahead of time for the sake of convenience. On the top floor of the Lazuli wing, with no bags left to unpack, Ruby Wang sat twiddling her thumbs and listening to the commotion on the other side of her door. She was the first to arrive in the four-girl suite to which she'd been assigned and every passing pair of footsteps sent her heart racing. Really though, it hadn't stopped thumping since she'd noticed one particular name on the sheet of paper attached to the door.

The odds were astronomical, but what if it was that Cordelia... The friend of a friend of a friend, who her classmate had mentioned so off-handedly the year before but so intriguingly to Ruby as 'the girl who never went to the toilet...' Of all the possible room-mates she could end up with, Ruby thought it would be amazing for it to be someone like her. Someone who not only shared Ruby's peculiar penchant for putting off trips to the toilet, but who excelled at it to the point that she could even become the subject of her own rumours…

In any case, Ruby was getting ahead of herself. Other than that first name and the fact she was supposed to be ‘breathtakingly’ gorgeous, there was no way to tell for sure if this room-mate was the real deal - although a few ideas did spring to mind.

Suddenly the door swung open. Ruby's heart drummed as into the shared sitting room walked a tall, dark-haired girl with an attractive face and an enormous bust. When she confidently introduced herself as Vanessa Schultz though, Ruby did her best to hide her disappointment and pointed her towards the bedroom on the left. A moment later, another head popped round the door, this time a shorter girl with a mousy brown ponytail and a face as cute as a button. But Lauri Taylor, as she quietly made it known, wasn't the one Ruby sought.

Twice she'd been fooled for the briefest of moments, but Ruby would have little doubt the third time around - not simply due to the process of elimination, but rather because there was no mistaking the subtle golden glow that seemed to frame the perfect silhouette now standing at the door. The half-girl half-goddess paused for a second, then swept inside the room, snatching the attention of all three of her room-mates.

Amused by the reaction she'd caused, her lips curled into a smile for the second time that morning.

'Are you going to just stare at me all day, or are you going to introduce yourselves?'

Vanessa took the bait, stuck out her chest and smiled, then she led the way, enthusiastically introducing everyone on their behalf.

Ruby stood back, in awe of the way the charismatic stranger had immediately won command of the room. Even Vanessa - tall as she was, seemed to shrink slightly in stature before the newest arrival, although, as the girl twirled out of her burgundy cape, Ruby wondered if it was the sudden sight of an equally enormous bust that had knocked Vanessa back. Good for her then that she'd finished with the introductions and only needed to point around the room to show where everything was. To Vanessa's rear, the kitchenette and on either side of them, the doors to the two bedrooms.

'Bathrooms are inside the rooms in case you were wondering. I think there's one in each, so feel free to pop in and use ours if ever yours is busy.'

It was subtle, but the girl suddenly appeared to lose interest in what Vanessa was saying at this point and began idly staring around the room. Undeterred, Vanessa smiled and turned towards the kitchenette.

'Anyway I'm gasping for a cup of tea! Anyone want one? Don't worry, I've got spare mugs!'

Three raised hands and one boiled kettle later, four large mugs of tea sat steaming on the coffee table. But no self-respecting fresher could, in good conscience, toast the start of their University journey with such a responsible drink. So once the mugs were emptied, plans were made to venture into town at the first opportunity in order to find some booze. Orientation wasn't until two thirty in the afternoon, meaning there were a good few hours they could kill.

Before they left, Lauri and Vanessa went to their room - Lauri for a 'quick wee' and Vanessa her purse - and for the first time, Ruby was left alone with the girl with whom she'd be sharing the room on the right.

'Um... Just to be sure… Your name is Cordelia, right?'

The girl sitting in the single-seater threw her eyes back sarcastically.

'Durr,' she laughed, 'Yes... Cordelia Finegold.'

Ruby laughed back nervously and wondered if she really was looking at 'the one'. Everything about her so far was superlative; from her head to her toes, she was absolutely the type of girl people would make rumours about, but still, Ruby had to know if the most important rumour of all was true…

Swinging her cape back over her shoulders, Cordelia stood up as Vanessa came back into the sitting room. For an awkward moment (made more awkward by Cordelia's impatient sighing) they waited for Lauri to return from the toilet. Very soon there came a flush and an embarrassed face then dashed out apologising to everyone.

Lauri looked a touch surprised to see everyone already standing there ready to go and also that no one else but she had gone to the toilet. Ruby noticed, as well, just how casually the other two were about leaving without a trip to the lavatory and - although indeed it was very early days yet - she couldn’t help but grow quietly excited.

Ruby's excitement continued to simmer under the surface for the rest of the morning and on into the afternoon as she secretly kept tabs on her group of room-mates. Having not been to the toilet herself, she had her own reasons for feeling a buzz, but after more than three hours exploring the streets without either Cordelia or Vanessa caring to stop in at any of the public facilities around town, it started to dawn on Ruby that there might be something to her suspicions.

Trudging back up the hill with a quarter of an hour to spare before their orientation meeting, Ruby received a signal from her bladder that it might like to be emptied soon, but she was used to denying such requests and casually shooed it away. Lauri seemed to be dealing with a similar appeal from her bladder and, perhaps still embarrassed that she was the only one to have used the toilet thus far, appeared to be doing her best not to show it. Discreetly, she fell into step with Ruby, a couple of paces behind Cordelia and Vanessa, then lowering her voice, she whispered into her ear.

'I really need a pee, what about you?'

Ruby thought it quite telling that Lauri would assume she, of all of their group would be most like her in the bladder department. Unluckily for her though, Ruby shook her head and offered a sympathetic smile, but it was obvious that Lauri was disappointed.

As they neared the steps leading back up to Camber Manor, Vanessa reminded everyone of the time. It had taken them a lot longer than expected to get back up the hill and now they only had a couple of minutes to spare. Originally they'd intended to go back to their suite to drop off the half dozen plastic bags they'd accumulated, but Vanessa proposed they head straight to the dining hall instead.

'Is it really such a big deal?'

Contrary to Vanessa, Cordelia didn't seem to think there was any need to hurry and Vanessa found her tongue suddenly tied. Lauri then interjected, spotting an opportunity.

'It's all right, I'll take the bags! You all go ahead!'

Eyebrows were raised as she energetically zipped around, gathering up the bags and reassuring everyone she could make it in time.

'I do gymnastics, so I’m strong enough to manage! And I'll be super quick!'

Just like that, Lauri had the bags and she dashed off ahead, disappearing up the steps. Ruby had a feeling she knew what her plan was and hoped she made it to the toilet in time, never mind the orientation…

In the end, they all made it and Lauri rejoined her room-mates in the queue to the dining hall looking a lot more comfortable than she had previously.

Ruby's bladder soon sent up another complaint (which was duly rebuffed) and she wondered about the other two girls. When they were in town they'd all stopped for coffee and both Vanessa and Cordelia had drunk a large beverage each, so in addition to that morning's cup of tea and whatever else they'd had before, it was certain that their bladders were holding some amount. But whether they, too, were rejecting calls from down below, or if anything was registering at all, Ruby had no clue. Both seemed so calm and collected, even as one of the house wardens appeared from a side room to let everyone in the antechamber know they were welcome to help themselves to refreshments while they waited. The woman wheeled out two large urns of tea and coffee, as well as several jugs of squash, which were rapidly surrounded.

'Do any of you want anything from the trolley?'

Vanessa was clearly keen for yet another caffeine fix and offered to make the trip on everyone's behalf.

'I'll come with you,' declared Cordelia all of a sudden.

Vanessa smiled happily, appreciative of the gesture but misinterpreting its intention, and reiterated her question to Lauri and Ruby, who both opted for squash.

In no time the dining room doors were opened and the students entered to take their seats, sipping their various drinks throughout the half-hour introduction to life at Camber Manor. Obviously wired from all the caffeine she was drinking, Vanessa watched with her full, undivided attention. Cordelia however, despite her own drink, looked as if she would soon die of boredom, but she did soon perk up when once the talk concluded, the students were directed to the back of the hall.

Much like Cordelia, everyone else who’d fallen asleep by this point, upon the announcement of the start of 'freshers week', was miraculously restored of enthusiasm and motivated in a heartbeat to sign up for the events, fairs, activities and most importantly, the parties all taking place over the next seven days. A team of volunteers was on hand to take down the students' names, which included all four of the girls in Ruby's suite (as she found out when they reunited in the antechamber).

The last to emerge from the dining hall was Cordelia, who, she advised without any apology, had been caught in conversation with one of the older student volunteers. She didn't go into detail, but gave the exceptionally well-dressed second year a subdued wave as she sidled past them on her own way out.

In any case, nobody asked and the next minute they decided to head in the direction of the common room, where it appeared, a number of people were congregating.

Just down the hall from the dining room, the common room had comfortable sofas and televisions, group activities such as a snooker and table tennis tables and, although it looked like it was closed at that particular moment, a real and functioning bar.

'There was a bar all along? And we went and bought all that booze!'

Vanessa slapped her forehead and laughed loudly, drawing the attention of a mixed group of students sitting on the sofas nearby.

'You bought booze as well? So did we!'

An easy-going blonde girl turned around with a grin on her face, addressing them all with her very open body language. Sat next to her were presumably people with whom she'd already made acquaintance and Ruby suddenly felt their two groups begin to gravitate towards one another.

'If we'd known this place was here, we wouldn't have bothered,' the girl continued, before a lanky-legged boy behind her joined in the conversation.

'To be fair, Connie, I don't think it's even open until tomorrow, so we can still get drunk tonight at least.'

He sat up, moving his dark curtains to the sides of his face and peered over Connie's shoulder. Evidently he'd seen something he liked.

'Hi, I’m Donnie. Do um, do you guys fancy bringing your booze up to our floor? If we put it all together we could make ourselves a little party, couldn't we...'

'Ooh, a house warming! That sounds awesome!’

And it wasn't only Connie who thought so. Vanessa, Lauri and Ruby were all keen to participate and even Cordelia said she was up for it, so they pulled up a few chairs and stayed for a while, exchanging details and whatnot with the half-dozen friendly students. But as 'a while' turned into the rest of the afternoon, Ruby could no longer keep her mind off her bladder, which was filling past a point that she could ignore. She crossed her legs, having to apply pressure for the first time and glanced around at the others. Vanessa was chatting away enthusiastically with one half of the circle and Cordelia was also in the thick of a muted yet no less involved conversation with the other half. From their body language, Ruby couldn't tell if they were making an effort to look the way they did, but if neither of them needed the toilet by now, it undeniably meant both of their bladders must dwarf her own.

With as much charisma as the two girls had between them, there was no chance of anyone standing up before either decided it was time to move and so Ruby endured the pain of her full bladder for as long as the conversations carried on around her. She was barely taking part at this point and simply allowed herself to be tossed to and fro between the immense tides of her steely-bladdered room-mates. Somewhere nearby, Lauri's leg was bobbing up and down, so Ruby could be certain there was at least one more person present who needed a pee, but it wasn't until Connie slapped her thighs and said 'Right!' that it became clear practically everyone had been waiting for the go ahead. On her cue, they all rose (all except Cordelia and Vanessa) and on the premise of 'getting the party started', wasted no time in filing out of the common room.

Lauri and Ruby weren't far behind everybody else and moved quickly to the exit. While she wanted to watch the other two, Ruby knew she'd soon wet herself if she didn't hurry, so alongside Lauri, dashed up the main staircase and to the upper floors, then down their corridor and into the suite, where they parted ways and found desperate relief in their respective bathrooms. Although she closed the door to the bathroom, Ruby heard Lauri's exaggerated sigh of relief through the open bedroom doors, as they both sat down and finally let go. In comparison, Ruby was only slightly less vocal, but the sound of her thunderous pee probably reached just as far, and continued to rumble on even as she heard faintly the flush of the toilet from the other side of the suite.

A full forty five seconds after Lauri, Ruby flushed the toilet and took a moment to calm down. It was one of the longest, most enjoyable pees she'd ever taken and had she been alone she might have spent a while longer patting herself down, but with the added prospect of Cordelia and Vanessa on the horizon, she made haste and joined Lauri in the sitting room. Having taken their time in getting back from the common room, neither Cordelia nor Vanessa seemed in any hurry to go to the toilet, or ready to even acknowledge the bathrooms’ existence as they re-entered the suite still in conversation…

Connie had said to come up to her suite on the top floor of the Emerald wing from seven, so after a quick change and a touch of primping in the bedroom mirrors, the girls were ready to head back out almost as soon as they'd stepped in.

Cordelia led the way, barely having spent a moment on her appearance, yet still looking as fresh-faced as she had that morning - not to mention more dazzling than the other three girls combined, although that wasn't to say they hadn't made an effort. Either way, the pattern of the night was set early on and Cordelia wedged herself into one of the settees, drink firmly in hand and a handful of eager listeners all around her. On the opposite settee, Vanessa was also surrounded, and like in the common room, the two girls' respective conversations carried on almost with their own gravitational pull.

Drinks, it seemed, found their way to each of their hands without any effort at all on their part and well into the night, both had ended up putting away a fair few. Astonishingly though, despite them sinking bottle after bottle, neither appeared even slightly out of control. Ruby presumed that Vanessa, with her larger frame, was naturally capable of soaking up the alcohol, but how Cordelia did it, just like much else that she did, remained a mystery.

At the other end of the scale, Lauri was a mess after her first drink. Donnie, the lanky-legged boy from earlier, who as it transpired was Connie's cousin, was all over her the entire night and would barely leave her alone, only occasionally letting her slip away so she could go to the toilet - not that Lauri particularly minded… In spite of the frequency of her trips (and she went so many times, Ruby eventually lost count), she seemed to quite appreciate the attention she was getting.

Though Ruby wasn't quite so popular, she was more than happy to watch her room-mates and kept switching her focus between the corner where Lauri was, and the centre of the room where Cordelia and Vanessa remained perpetually rooted to the settees. Every time Lauri would escape the clutches of her admirer to go and have yet another pee, the fact that the others hadn't gotten up a single time became more and more astounding. It was as if the gap in size between the two of their bladders and everyone else's bladder was tangibly stretching larger and larger with every passing minute.

Ruby felt almost as if she could see them both growing fuller and fuller, and yet they didn't move a single inch against their will. As the night wore on, even Ruby felt her bladder filling and she couldn't believe it when, close to midnight, she started to approach and then reached her own limit. After a further hour with her legs firmly crossed, Ruby could take the pain no longer and made use of the bathroom in one of the suite's bedrooms. As much as she peed, and again she peed a lot, Ruby could only imagine how much more Cordelia and Vanessa must have been holding and it was very difficult indeed for her to avoid getting lost in her thoughts on the toilet seat, especially with so much alcohol in her system.

On her way out, still wet from the cold water she'd splashed onto her face (and only that...), Ruby spotted Lauri now feverishly playing tongue tennis in the corner. She and Donnie appeared to be quite engrossed in what they were doing and the next moment, the small girl decided to stand up and throw herself on top of him. The pair swiftly went tumbling over the back of the single-seater they were using and crashed into a heap on the floor. Connie swung around in reaction to the commotion and jokingly chided her cousin, but when she saw the state Lauri was in, grew slightly more concerned.

'Er, is she okay?'

Lauri had passed out and was face-down, slurring nonsense into the carpet. When Vanessa noticed, she got up immediately and rushed to her room-mate's aid, taking the whole situation quite seriously and even motioning for Ruby to come over. With her help, they got Lauri back on her feet, but seeing as she wasn't coming around, Vanessa decided they should probably call it a night and carry her back to their room.

Connie reassured Vanessa it was no problem as she saw them off at the door, batting away a slew of apologies. Though she indeed seemed not to have any issues with what had happened, she wouldn’t stop peering up and down the corridor, anxiously wondering out loud where her cousin had disappeared to…

The girls' suite was at the opposite end of Camber Manor, so it was with some difficulty that they escorted Lauri all the way back, but between the three of them (or rather two and a half), they eventually managed to successfully dump her onto her bed.

Vanessa sat by her side, while Ruby and Cordelia stood in the doorway watching on. It seemed Lauri was peaceful enough, but Vanessa's face wore a frown nonetheless. Ruby noticed she'd been wearing the same expression since she left Connie's room and it wasn't clear if she was simply concerned, or if there was something else bothering her. After a while, Lauri stopped mumbling to herself and dozed off, and Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief.

'I'll get her some water in case she wakes up and wants a drink...'

On that note Vanessa rose from the bed and stepped through into the kitchenette, although something in her body language seemed slightly off. She almost seemed to be rushing as she rummaged in the cupboard, before remembering all the mugs were still turned upside-down beside the sink. Ruby was convinced now that she must be in need of a pee, and her erratic movements were the unconscious side-effects of a vastly over-filled bladder. Any second now, Ruby thought, she'd excuse herself and go inside her room's en-suite, but the very moment Vanessa placed a mug on the bedside table and turned around, apparently to do just that, Cordelia found the need to speak up.

'Vanessa?'

Just like that, Vanessa stopped dead and inquisitively looked Cordelia's way.

'Do you think she might be better off on her side?'

Gesturing towards the sleeping Lauri, who was by no means in a dangerous position, but lying awkwardly enough to raise just a smidgen of concern, Cordelia managed to spur Vanessa into tending to their room-mate for a moment longer and forcing her to postpone her trip to the toilet. Once she'd helped Lauri onto her side, Vanessa again started to move towards the bathroom, but once more Cordelia stopped her, all of a sudden quite eager to engage her in conversation. She made a quip about her secretly being Florence Nightingale in disguise, to which Vanessa proudly replied that her mother was in fact a nurse and that she herself was going to be studying medicine.

'Oh really? What field?' asked Cordelia, her head tilted as if she was intensely keen to know.

Ruby sensed that Cordelia was asking these questions on purpose, but she couldn't work out why and she curiously watched the odd exchange, her heart beating at quite a tempo throughout. Unable, or unwilling to leave Cordelia's questions unanswered, Vanessa crossed her legs and fiddled with her hair, suppressing her desperation as much as she could, while making every effort to respond earnestly.

'That's fascinating...'

Cordelia trailed off momentarily, making it seem like she was going to let Vanessa go, but just as the girl thought she was free and shifted her weight towards the bathroom door, Cordelia piped up again.

'Oh, you know, I was wondering! Since you're a nurse at heart, you'll probably know... but aren't you meant to rehydrate after binge drinking? To avoid a hangover? Did you want a mug of water as well?'

Vanessa continued to shift her weight from one foot to the other, trying her hardest to bumble a response.

'Err... That's really thoughtful of you, Cordelia. I've… read it can help, but-er... Err, just bear with me a moment, I've-er - I'll just be a tick...'

Unable to put it off any longer, Vanessa hurried towards the bathroom door. Ruby noticed Cordelia trying and failing to suppress a smile as she watched her disappear inside, the satisfied pleasure more than apparent on her face. Ruby too, having finally read Cordelia's power move, couldn't avoid cracking a big grin herself. Spotting this, Cordelia glanced approvingly in her direction and offered to pour her a mug too if she wanted.

'Er, yes please!'

Ruby's heart was pounding. Cordelia was really living up to her expectations and she stood in the bedroom doorway staring at her as she picked up two mugs. Meanwhile, behind Ruby's back, Vanessa began to pee and the sound of an intense, gushing hiss struck both her and Cordelia’s ears as clearly as if the bathroom door wasn’t even closed. Cordelia rolled her eyes derisively. She turned on the tap, twisting it much further than was necessary and created a jet that was just about able to cover the sound from the bathroom. Taking her time to fill each mug, Cordelia made enough noise in the process that Ruby could only barely hear Vanessa going, but keep going she did, and after the tap was eventually twisted shut, her pee was still very much under way.

It had such power that Ruby assumed she must be pressing down on her bladder with all her weight, and even after over a minute and a half, the constant waves of pressure had not weakened. In her life, Ruby had never heard anyone pee so hard for so long and her shock showed on her face, but Cordelia remained unmoved and unimpressed, almost as if she had heard someone surpass what Vanessa was producing. With a solid gulp, Ruby wondered if that person was Cordelia herself. And if so, just how much longer was this girl capable of avoiding the toilet -- how much bigger was her bladder if a pee that had stormed past two minutes and counting was so far beneath her…

In the bathroom, Vanessa continued to push out wave after wave of incredible pressure for the better part of another minute, before finally trickling to a stop. Promptly after flushing the toilet and washing her hands, she joined Ruby and Cordelia in the sitting room, offering a sincere apology for her hasty retreat.

'What were you saying again, Cordelia?'

'I don't remember,' Cordelia replied, looking away. 'Anyway it doesn't matter, I think I'll go to bed now.'

Vanessa looked somewhat remorseful.

'Gosh, I'm sorry. I took too long didn't I... I-'

Suddenly Cordelia looked back at Vanessa and cut her off.

'No... No, you didn't...'

Ruby wasn't certain, but she had the impression that Cordelia’s intention was not to reassure Vanessa, even though Vanessa clearly took her words in that way.

‘Oh, that’s good then… It’s just I’ve been told I can do sometimes, so I do worry! Er, right then, I suppose I’ll call it a night as well!’

They said their good nights, turned off the lights and finally retreated to each of their bedrooms. Ruby's heart hadn't given her a moment's respite in the quarter of an hour since Vanessa first excused herself, and as she rummaged through her things for her pyjamas, she was finding it quite a task to keep her thoughts together.

'You don't say much, do you...'

At the sound of Cordelia's voice, Ruby turned around to see her standing across the room in just a bra. If her intention was for Ruby to speak more, then appearing so suddenly topless had the very opposite effect, as an even more tense silence fell over her room-mate. Searching awkwardly for somewhere else to look, Ruby's lack of response was met with amusement from Cordelia.

'Blimey, they're just tits…'

Still chuckling, she pinched off her bra, shaking her head and then walked completely topless to the end of her bed, where she took a long night shirt out of a small case. Covering her chest at last, Cordelia then slipped her jeans down and went into the bathroom. Without closing the door behind her, she continued talking to Ruby while she cleansed her face and cleaned her teeth, receiving the occasional timid response from the direction of the bedroom.

In spite of the increased distance, Ruby's heart was pounding harder than ever. After what she'd heard in the other bathroom, it felt like another incredible performance was about to take place right before her - one that would more than likely match, or even surpass the first, but as Cordelia rinsed her mouth and patted it lightly with a towel, she simply turned towards the door.

'Shall I leave the light on in here, or are you going to sit there all night?'

'Um… y-yes... please?'

Ruby's wide eyes followed Cordelia as she casually returned to the room and began turning down her bed.

'You're... finished?'

'Obviously...' Cordelia replied, not even bothering to look over her shoulder.

From her tone, she sounded like she really meant it, so Ruby kept quiet and went about getting ready as quickly as she could, but all the while her mind raced. She wondered how in the world Cordelia could have gone without using the toilet the entire day - especially after all she'd had to drink - and not even considered a pee before bed... That Vanessa, whose body seemed so big compared to Cordelia's and who'd matched her drink for drink, had been on the verge of bursting earlier, yet there was Cordelia, still comfortably and peacefully holding the entire contents of the former’s bladder like it was nothing...

As Ruby tossed and turned in her bed, her bewildering room-mate drifted off to sleep without even a moment of difficulty, leaving her alone to ponder the many complexities of her curious biology.

Edited July 11, 2020 by Splashfics - added to story description (see edit history)

*001*2020-07-11 23:26

Episode One (part two)

Ruby woke up on Sunday no less bewildered by Cordelia. Still fast asleep on the other side of the bedroom, she hadn't gotten up to use the toilet the entire night. For Ruby, this could only mean that now that Camber Manor was stirring into life, a morning pee of untold proportions was surely on the horizon.

As Cordelia continued to snooze well into late morning, Ruby ignored the tickle in her own bladder and kept her eyes fixed on her room-mate's serene face. Even when she was asleep she looked flawless and her expression betrayed nothing of the state her bladder must have been in. Surely by now it would have been fit to burst, but it evidently wasn't fit enough to rouse her from her slumber. Conversely, Ruby couldn't hold off much longer and having been firmly holding between her legs for the past half an hour, she gave up to finally go and use the toilet herself. The result by no means lacked volume or might as it noisily churned the water beneath her, but given that Ruby had now taken her third enormous pee in the time Cordelia hadn't needed to take even one, her mind could only boggle at the proverbial lagoon that must exist between them. Not even the flush of the toilet was enough to disturb Cordelia, whose deep sleep carried on unabated even when Ruby returned to bed.

Just as it seemed the girl would sleep the entire day, Ruby was startled to hear her suddenly stir into life. The bedsheets rustled gently as she stretched her body, then she cast the duvet aside to swing her legs down to the floor. Ruby thought her heart might beat its way out of her chest, the anticipation was so strong, but pretending to be asleep, she managed to covertly watch Cordelia rise to her feet. Moving elegantly across the room, she stopped short of the bathroom door and turned to open her case, then returned to her bed after rummaging around for a moment. How she hadn't already made a mad dash for the toilet was beyond Ruby, who out of the corner of her eye, could see Cordelia serenely brushing her hair, looking nothing at all like a girl who'd gone almost twenty four hours without a pee.

From the other bedroom, Ruby suddenly heard movement and assumed one of Vanessa or Lauri was now also awake. Whichever one it was, they could soon be heard leaving the bedroom to put on the kettle and then returning shortly after. Ruby guessed it must be Vanessa if the kettle was involved and was proven correct the next moment when she heard her voice call Lauri's name. Lauri must still have been asleep as she apparently gave no response, before Vanessa's footsteps came shuffling across the sitting room again to softly knock on their bedroom door. Pushing it open a crack, she poked her head inside to ask if either of them fancied a cup of tea. At this point Ruby was fed up of pretending to be asleep and popped her head out of the duvet just in time to hear Cordelia say 'yes' she did.

'Well the kettle's nearly boiled. I'll give you both a call when it's ready!'

Duly summoned to the sitting room some moments later, Ruby and Cordelia joined Vanessa on the settees, where all three sipped tea and chatted about last night, still in their night clothes. Never one to go by half measures when it came to caffeine, Vanessa offered everyone a second cup when she eventually got up to make herself another and just as casually as she had the first time, Cordelia accepted. She dispatched her drink without even the slightest hesitation, looking as comfortable as could be, curled up on the settee with her legs tucked underneath her. Really, there was no need for Cordelia or Ruby to move from their spots in the sitting room, as Vanessa proceeded to excel in her role of caretaker, knocking together breakfast for all of them using the supplies she'd picked up yesterday.

Their late breakfast stretched on into brunch and before anyone knew it, it was the middle of the afternoon. Cordelia still hadn't moved and wasn't looking likely to any time soon, while Vanessa had been into her bedroom a couple of times, but only to offer Lauri something to eat. On neither occasion had Lauri shown any indication that she was ready to face the world, let alone the sitting room and after going in to check one final time, Vanessa began to worry. She came back looking anxious and just as she opened her mouth to share her concerns with Cordelia and Ruby, there came a knock at the door. Frowning slightly at the unexpected interruption, Vanessa went to see who it was, while Ruby watched on.

Of all people, Connie's face appeared at the crack of the door and her energetic voice soon filled the sitting room.

'Hi girls! Not feeling too rough after last night I hope...'

Her timing couldn't have been any worse, or more perfect, but she quickly gathered from Vanessa's expression that something was wrong. With a frown of her own, she came inside and alongside an equally curious Ruby and Cordelia, joined Vanessa in the bedroom.

'Gosh, I figured she'd be hungover, but this is a bit much isn't it?'

Vanessa sat down on the bed, before jumping up a moment later holding the back of her pyjama shorts.

'Oh... shoot... It's soaked...'

In the subdued light, she hadn't been able to see the thoroughly wet sheets surrounding Lauri, but a moment later after Ruby courteously opened the curtains, the extent of her ills became clear.

'Right, this is definitely more than a hangover.'

Connie agreed with Vanessa's assessment and looked as white as a sheet.

'Look, I've got a car. Let me drive her to the hospital.'

'Hospital? Are you sure? Shouldn't we get one of the wardens first?'

'No, don't worry about the wardens, it's fine. I'll be five minutes!'

Connie dashed off and Vanessa looked pensively towards Cordelia and Ruby. Not wasting any time though, they all decided to get dressed as quickly as they could and within the stated five minutes, Connie was back with her car keys in hand. There'd barely been enough time for any of them to do much more than throw some clothes on over their pyjamas, which meant there was no time at all to use the toilet before they left - a fact not overlooked by Ruby, who tried her best not to appear too excited as they heaved a mumbling Lauri upright and ushered her towards the door.

Fortunately for Ruby, she was able to keep her thoughts well enough concealed on the way to the hospital that nobody had a clue what was going on inside her mind. She was in a constant, secret state of astonishment at the fact that after over a day and a half, Cordelia was still stubbornly holding in her pee. Why she was still holding it in was anyone's guess, but in the girl’s defence, not once since they’d met had she looked even remotely in need, so it did at least seem to follow...

The five girls sat for what seemed like ages in Accident and Emergency before Lauri was wheeled off into another room. Only Vanessa was allowed to stay with her, so Ruby, Connie and Cordelia had no choice but to sit tight until she returned. Lauri's plight aside, the prospect of having to remain seated for even longer was not met with enthusiasm by any of them, most notably Cordelia who seemed to be regretting her decision to come along. Connie had done all she could to keep the conversation flowing, but they were rapidly running out of things to talk about and Cordelia was rapidly losing patience with her. Finally Connie admitted defeat after one frosty response too many and they all fell silent. Finding the lull unbearable though, Connie soon piped up again.

'I think I'll pop to the loo...'

Having all made use of the water cooler at some point, Ruby could believe that Connie wasn't entirely faking. Ruby’s own bladder was feeling quite full and though it wasn't giving her grief at that moment, she knew from Connie's side glance that she was seeking company, so got up to go with her. Just as Ruby thought to ask Cordelia if she wanted to come too, Cordelia tersely cut her off.

'I'll wait here...'

She crossed her legs, then quite pointedly flicked her hair at them while turning her head in the opposite direction.

'Right, okay...' replied Connie delicately, before she and Ruby left their seats to go and find the toilet.

Ruby could tell Connie was hurt and she did her best to reassure her that Cordelia didn't mean to be snappy, even though she had nothing with which to back this up.

'She's probably just... Maybe she...'

Then it hit her.

…Maybe she needs to pee!

Ruby's eyes widened suddenly as Cordelia's ever more frequent flashes of irritation began to make sense. Finally, after the best part of two days, her enormous bladder was beginning to creak and the result was a rapidly shortening fuse.

It just has to be that…

'Maybe she what?' asked Connie a moment later, the confusion obvious in her voice.

Ruby realised she'd trailed off and was quick to come up with something to cover her tracks. She gestured for Connie to go ahead and use the single occupancy toilet before her, then took her turn once she was done, then they both returned to the waiting area where Cordelia remained cross-legged and looking very cross indeed.

It was early evening by the time Vanessa reappeared. She revealed that Lauri was going to be kept in overnight as a precaution, but she was on a drip and on the mend, so stable enough that they could leave at last. This news was rather happily received all round, however one glance at Cordelia was all Ruby needed to tell she clearly didn't feel like celebrating. Vanessa seemed to assume her lack of enthusiasm was simply due to not having had anything to eat and so she came up with the bright idea of getting a take-away before they made the half-hour journey back to the residence. Cordelia shrugged as if she didn't care one way or the other, but Ruby reckoned she knew exactly where she'd rather go... Oblivious to the hidden subtext though, Vanessa led the way to Connie's car, telling everyone just how hungry she was and how she’d been forced to drink half of the water cooler just to stop her stomach rumbling earlier.

Ruby would later wonder if Vanessa's innocuous anecdote had any bearing on Cordelia's decision to 'super-size' her order when they stopped at a drive-thru McDonald’s on the way home. The novelty 'extra, extra large' portion size not only included enough fries for everybody in the car twice over, but also came with what looked like a bucket of Coca-Cola - enough perhaps to match half a cooler's worth of water…

Deciding she was too hungry to drive all the way back to the residence, Connie opted instead to park the car and asked if everyone was happy to eat inside the restaurant. No one objected - not even Cordelia - and once they'd found a table she, like the others, hungrily tucked into what they'd bought.

Ruby couldn't help but stare at her between bites. She looked ever so stern, but so elegantly did Cordelia put away her entire meal that it almost dampened some of Ruby's suspicion that she was privately desperate to pee. In particular the way every time her lips touched her straw, she'd always take long and deliberate sips, not a single time shying away from, or ignoring the colossal beverage. In fact, somehow despite having the largest meal, Cordelia finished before everyone else, rattling the ice in her cup as she flicked her hair and stared impatiently around the room.

At any point during the time it took the others to finish eating, Cordelia could easily have gone to use the toilet, but she remained in her seat until they were ready to return to Connie's car. Whatever game she was playing, or whatever gamble she was taking, clearly she felt she had what it took to win and that she was tough enough to wait until she got home. It wasn't the longest journey, only half an hour on the dual carriageway, which, in the context of over thirty hours wasn't much of a gamble at all, however the very moment Connie merged onto the main road, the stakes immediately went shooting up.

'Bugger! When did this all get here?'

Red tail lights stretched on for miles in front and as more vehicles merged to the rear, they suddenly found themselves penned into near gridlock traffic. It was just the scenario Ruby imagined Cordelia wouldn't have wanted, but while Connie and Vanessa anxiously discussed the situation, Cordelia kept silent. With the back of her head to everyone else, she sat facing the window in the front passenger seat and seemed quite wrapped up in her thoughts, occasionally sighing and tightening her crossed arms each time the car inched forward. Other than those moments, she appeared to be remarkably under control, especially compared to Connie, who had become a shadow of her easy-going self. Traffic apparently being her only weakness, she couldn't resist the urge to curse every second of every minute lost to the ‘infernal’ tailback.

'For crying out loud… it's been over an hour!'

To Connie's left, Cordelia gave another quite irritated sigh in response to this latest outburst and somehow managed to turn her head and body even further away.

'There must have been an accident... This isn't right… I hope no one's been hurt...'

From the rear seat, Vanessa tried as best she could to find a reason to temper their frustrations, but while Connie did settle down when she realised the situation may be more serious than she thought, none of her annoyance could be relieved and so for the next hour she sat stewing at the wheel.

'I wish I'd gone to the loo when I had the chance...'

Ruby's eyes darted in Connie's direction and then at Cordelia. In any sane scenario, the latter should have been the one to say these words, but it was Connie who was first to admit that she was having trouble holding in her pee. Though Connie didn't request a response, Ruby guessed the lack of one must have been rather disconcerting to her, as within the next quarter of an hour she was at it again.

'Do any of you need to go as well?'

Connie's knee was bobbing underneath the steering wheel, leaving no doubt as to what she was referring to. Ruby was still comfortable after her previous visit to the toilet, so hesitated for a moment, not wanting to say that she didn't. To her side, Vanessa seemed to have the same thought, but managed to offer somewhat more of a comforting reply nonetheless.

'I might do soon...'

Ruby suspected that if this were the case then she must not have gone while they were at the hospital. Vanessa really didn't seem the type to lie about anything.

'How about you, Cordelia? You had that massive coke didn't you, surely you must be bursting?'

Ruby's heart rate suddenly picked up speed. She wasn't the only one who'd noticed that after all…

Cordelia turned to look at Connie beside her, her face a picture of indignation.

'I can hold it, thank you...'

She almost sounded insulted, but without another word, she turned and faced the window again. Connie, evidently, was too desperate to feel bad about Cordelia's withering tone and went back to frowning at the car in front. Ruby however fixed her eyes on the front passenger seat.

So she does need to go!

Cordelia had all but confirmed it now and a small part of Ruby suddenly hoped they never made it out of the traffic. Over the next hour however, Ruby too began to feel the weight of her own bladder throbbing more noticeably between her legs and wondered just how long they'd all be able to hold out. Even Vanessa was showing signs that 'soon' might well have become 'now' and she began to shift around uncomfortably in her seat. Ruby noticed she'd sporadically start breathing more deeply until she managed to get her situation under control, but unfortunately no such method would suffice for Connie... She was so desperate at this point that she routinely failed to notice when the car in front moved forward, often resulting in a cacophony of angry horns from behind. To her great fortune though, Vanessa nobly stepped in to rescue her, insisting that she was in no condition to operate a vehicle.

'Let me drive. Here, swap seats with me, I'll come round.'

She reassured everyone that she had in fact passed her test and when it was safe to do so, Vanessa hopped out of the car to take Connie's place in the front seat. Connie hobbled around the rear and joined Ruby at the back, where she remained entirely hunched over the rest of the way.

Not too long after Vanessa took control of the wheel, they began to make more significant progress along the dual carriageway, eventually reaching the exit that would take them home. In all this time, Cordelia had not said a word. Ruby could tell from looking at her reflection in the wing mirror that she had her eyes closed and her face was no less mean-looking than it had been before.

'We're nearly there, girls. Just a few more minutes and we're home free.'

Vanessa was steadily closing in on the residence at the top of the hill. Its grand exterior lights were like a beacon in the dark that beckoned them along and at long last, she finally pulled the car onto the gravelled forecourt. Quickly parking in Connie's space, she and the others left the car as quickly as they could and headed inside.

With the Lazuli wing being more conveniently located on the near side of the residence, Connie made it clear that she was not prepared to endure the trek over to the Emerald wing and instead accompanied the girls back to their rooms to use the toilet. This was no issue for Vanessa, who despite her own great need, offered Connie the first use of her and Lauri's bathroom. Likewise, Cordelia, who despite still not having said anything, made no particular effort to hurry after she left the car and told Ruby that she could go ahead and use the toilet before her as well.

In a haze of desperation, Ruby wished she'd had the strength to stick around and watch Cordelia continue to defy the odds, but she was forced to leave her in the sitting room with Vanessa while she went to relieve her bursting bladder.

One thunderous minute later, Ruby flushed the toilet and raced back into the sitting room. Despite their bathroom now being free though, Cordelia ignored her return and kept her back to the bedroom entirely. She stood with her arms folded and facing Vanessa, who had spotted Ruby and seemed to be gesturing to Cordelia that she was clear to go, but Cordelia, just like the night before, suddenly appeared more interested in conversation. She dug in her heels and refused to move an inch, not even quivering under the unfathomable burden inside her bladder and ultimately she kept Vanessa chatting until Connie rejoined them in the sitting room.

Looking much more like herself, Connie thanked Vanessa, apologising for making her wait as she theatrically massaged her stomach. Vanessa flashed an awkward smile at Cordelia, as if to suggest that they both now finally take a moment to answer the call of nature, but Cordelia instead ran a hand through her hair and sat down on the settee.

'You go, it's fine...'

Vanessa stared at Cordelia for a moment, a disbelieving smile stretching across her face.

'Well... all right?'

Finally conceding 'defeat', she retreated to her room and to the bathroom, where she proceeded to pee hard enough to be heard from the sitting room.

A good minute and a half into what turned out to be another considerable torrent, Connie mimed a silent 'wow' and sat down opposite Cordelia.

'And I thought I was bursting!'

She tried to raise a chuckle out of Cordelia by looking her way, but was short-changed once again. Nevertheless, Connie bounced back quickly and followed up with astonishment at the fact that Cordelia was still sitting where she was.

'How are you not bursting though? Did you really drink all of that coke? I mean Vanessa had less and she's practically pissing for Britain in there-- I swear, if I’d had so much to drink I would've pissed myself on the motorway, guaranteed! You’re actually super human…'

Ruby couldn't help laughing at that one. Even Cordelia managed a smirk as she narrowed her eyes imperiously, seeing nothing at all wrong with Connie's assessment.

'Well I guess that's just the difference between us, isn’t it...'

It was quite a statement to make with Vanessa continuing to gush as if her life depended on it. Cordelia gave the distinct impression she didn't think much at all of what she was hearing from the bathroom and at this point, Ruby was inclined to believe she really wasn't bluffing. 'Super human' was essentially an understatement as far as she was now concerned.

After another intense minute and a half, Vanessa flushed and came back into the room where she too was surprised to find Cordelia in the same spot on the settee.

'Have you still not - wow...'

Cordelia flicked her hair and made no comment, as if she had no idea what Vanessa was talking about, but Ruby reckoned she saw the faintest hint of another smirk on her face. Vanessa smiled, missing this entirely and stepped towards the kettle.

'Well I suppose you won't be wanting a cup of tea then! Does anyone else want one?'

Connie was first to rule herself out of any more drinking for the night, finding it comical that anyone could be thirsty after such a traumatic ordeal, but when Cordelia defied everyone's expectations the next moment, she certainly wasn't laughing. Vanessa raised her eyebrows, unsure if she was having her leg pulled, but Cordelia insisted that she was serious.

'But where do you put it...'

Connie made it sound light-hearted, but there was an air of sincerity about her voice as she stared at Cordelia.

'Anyway,' she said finally, shaking her head, 'I think I'll be off... Vanessa, just let me know what time you want to go and collect Lauri tomorrow, okay?'

'Oh, sure, of course! Thank you!'

Vanessa looked like she'd forgotten all about Lauri and she furrowed her brow.

'That reminds me, I should probably tell the wardens she's absent tonight… Not to mention where she is and why... Completely forgot about that.'

'Oh, erm… Don't worry! I'll take care of that-- since I'm going that way anyway! It's totally fine!'

Standing up all of a sudden, Connie seemed quite keen for Vanessa not to go to any trouble and hurriedly said her goodbyes, letting herself out. They all thought it was quite an odd departure, but gave Connie the benefit of the doubt as it had been a very long day.

After seeing Cordelia unflinchingly drink her tea that Sunday night, Ruby could say her room-mate was, without a shadow of a doubt, the girl from all the rumours. Not only had she outlasted everyone else in the suite a dozen times over, she'd done it without breaking a sweat. To top it all off, once they'd returned to their room, Cordelia even allowed Ruby to go ahead and use the shower before she did. To Ruby's surprise, Cordelia didn't take particularly well to being made the same offer and chose instead to sit on her bed with her legs crossed.

Ruby felt as if she were committing a malicious act by locking the bathroom door behind her, effectively barring Cordelia access to the toilet for any number of minutes. Although Ruby reminded herself that Cordelia had had every opportunity to make use of the bathroom in the hour since they'd been back, she was suddenly quite conscious of the more tangible nature of this new obstacle. Should Ruby decide to wash her hair and really take her time, Cordelia would be entirely at her mercy, unable to do a thing about it. She wondered how long she could push it and turned on the shower, slowly removing her clothes before stepping under the hot water. In fairness, given their hasty departure from the residence that afternoon, Ruby had skipped taking a shower and it was only fair that she make up for it, but she did feel quite naughty eyeing up the shampoo and conditioner.

Well she didn't ask me to hurry…

Some forty five minutes later, Ruby gave her hair one final rinse and stepped out of the shower. She bit her lip wondering what kind of state Cordelia must be in after such a long stint in the bathroom and worried she might perhaps have overdone it. Her pyjamas and hair-dryer were in the bedroom, so there wasn't much more she could reasonably do to stall for time, but before leaving, Ruby glanced towards the toilet and a sudden brainwave hit her. Tearing off a single square of toilet paper, she opened the lid and dropped it inside so that it rested neatly on top of the water. She closed the lid again, collected up her things and then quickly let herself out.

Cordelia was in the very same spot on her bed, with her legs crossed and her face unreadable. Ruby trembled with nerves as soon as she saw her.

'Um... Sorry I took so long...'

With a flick of her hair, Cordelia eased herself up and walked to her case.

'Don't be silly, of course you didn't...'

Ruby didn't know what to say, but bit her lip and went over to her side of the room. Cordelia proceeded to enter the bathroom and this time she closed the door behind her... Every sound she made from that point on was enough to set Ruby's pulse racing faster than it had all weekend. Although she couldn't see Cordelia, she imagined her making a desperate lunge for the toilet and held her breath, anticipating the subtle cues that would give her away. But none came. Instead Cordelia turned on the shower, potentially drowning out any chance she had of hearing the moment of truth. As frustrating as it was, Ruby had been aware of this eventuality and she comforted herself with the knowledge that she still had an ace up her sleeve...

The roar of the shower carried on for a good quarter of an hour and just as Ruby finished drying her hair, Cordelia exited the bathroom. Ruby’s eyes darted towards her reflexively.

'Do I have something on my face?'

'Er, no, sorry,' Ruby replied, bashfully looking all around, 'I, er, forgot to brush my teeth...'

She stole past Cordelia, trying not to seem suspicious and slipped into the steamy bathroom, pulling the door up behind her so she couldn't be seen. When Ruby was certain Cordelia wasn't looking, she stepped over to the toilet and as quietly as she could, lifted the lid to find a solitary square of paper resting on the top of the water. By no means was it solid confirmation, but given Ruby's doubts that Cordelia would ever consider using the shower as a toilet, she was fairly confident that she was still defiantly holding on to her pee.

In a daze following her discovery, Ruby walked straight back out of the bathroom without brushing her teeth, only realising after she reached her bed. Not wanting to look even more suspicious, she decided to commit to getting into bed and hoped that Cordelia hadn't noticed.

'I'll turn the light off then, shall I?'

Cordelia was dressed for bed and with a touch of irritation, turned off both the bathroom light and main lights. She was about to turn in for the second night in a row without taking a pee and Ruby's voice trembled as she said thanks and good night. There was no way, in Ruby’s mind, that Cordelia could not need to pee. Casting her mind back a few hours, she remembered the first inkling she'd had that her room-mate was no longer just passively holding in whatever gallons were inside her bladder. She racked her brain trying to figure out what it was driving Cordelia to put off going to the toilet with such steely determination, but could get nowhere. As she yawned and rolled over into a more comfortable position, she decided to leave this mystery for another day, focusing for the time being on getting some sleep.

In spite of how worked up she'd been before finally closing her eyes, Ruby fell asleep quickly and deeply that night. The room was silent and it seemed the entire residence was now peacefully down for the count.

In the darkness, a crack of thunder suddenly tore through the air, shaking Ruby into consciousness and causing her body to jolt. The sound echoed around her and strangely seemed to get louder instead of fading away. Half asleep and confused, she had no idea what was going on, but then began to realise the unusually drawn-out rumbling appeared to be coming from inside the room, or rather, the bathroom...

Oh my god…

Ruby's body melted into a tingling mess of nerves as she realised what was going on. Her hands began to shake and she delicately lifted the duvet away from her face to look across the room at Cordelia's bed. She wasn't in it. In the very dim light it was just about possible to make out the shape of the empty sheets and that could only mean that her missing room-mate was the one responsible for the sound coming out of the bathroom. Cordelia was, quite unmistakeably, peeing into the toilet - and very loudly. Though it was difficult to tell, Ruby was sure she must have left the door open, because the intensity of sound defied belief. Her stream didn't sound quite as wild as Vanessa's, but carried just as much punch, unerringly striking deep into the water with a bizarre confidence, resulting in a bass the likes of which Ruby had never heard.

She stared towards the bathroom, unable to do anything else while her body was quivering beyond her control, and it wasn't until she noticed how long Cordelia's noisy stream had rumbled on without stopping, or even slowing down that Ruby thought to count along in her head.

One thousand, two thousand, three thousand…

It was the same trick she always used to count herself on the toilet and the one she'd used earlier to secretly track Vanessa. Before yesterday, Ruby had only once counted past sixty seconds, but while Vanessa had since pushed her well into uncharted territory, Cordelia was now pushing even further still. Beyond three minutes, it was so difficult for Ruby to focus and to stop her legs from quivering that she began to lose count. Reaching three and a half minutes with no end in sight, she finally lost the battle and fell backwards onto her pillow. Writhing into a ball, with the sheets between her thighs, Ruby was doing everything she could to fight against temptation, but it was too strong. In the end her hand was powerless to stop itself from slipping down the waistband of her pyjamas and she herself was far too agitated to show any kind of restraint.

Slowly strumming to the sound of Cordelia's cascade, Ruby tried again to count the seconds in her head and in quite laboured fashion made it back up to three minutes before losing her way. More than once during this second sequence she was forced to bury her face in the pillow for fear of crying out loud, though really the chances of being heard over Cordelia were slim indeed. She was still loudly drilling away in the bathroom even after more than six minutes by Ruby's rough estimation.

As much as it made sense in the context of two days, Ruby was still blown away that Cordelia could pee like this. That so much liquid could fit inside her bladder and that such a bladder could fit inside her body was simply bewildering. Vanessa was so tall and she peed an incredible amount in her own right, but somehow it seemed her bladder was proportional to her frame. Cordelia on the other hand, had a bladder that was comfortably at least twice as large as Vanessa's and even though she wasn't the smallest, Ruby thought it would have been a bladder more befitting of a woman perhaps twice as tall.

In due course, the localised thunderstorm did subside and Cordelia finally stopped peeing. Ruby rushed to pull the duvet back over her head and pretended to be asleep, but most likely Cordelia knew she was acting when she came back into the room some moments later. As Vanessa would attest the following morning, when she told them she'd been woken up on the other side of the suite in the middle of the night, it was unthinkable that Ruby could have slept through ‘that!’

Embarrassed as she was, Ruby was glad they couldn't see past her blushing cheeks and into her mind. Cordelia had now firmly cemented her place at the centre of her dreams, a wild fantasy come true and not only that, she was her very own room-mate. In addition to this and everything else, Ruby realised then that she'd still not seen Cordelia desperate. At most, after two days, she was merely mildly uncomfortable, but nothing close to what Ruby would ever call bursting. She wondered just how far away Cordelia was from her absolute limit and what it might take for her to push herself all the way and quite soon, Ruby was dreaming of the year of amazing possibilities that lie ahead of her.

###

Thank you for reading this long preview of Queen of the Hills. Episode One is just the tip of the iceberg however... Download the full, four-episode story on Amazon Kindle now and find out just how far Cordelia is prepared to push her bladder.

%https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08CFSH2QT

Edited July 11, 2020 by Splashfics - updated end message (see edit history)

