Bursting on summer break

Author: J.E. Hart

My second adventure in desperation and wetting was not long after my first. The only difference was, this one was planned.

I was on summer break from college, so I was back home with my parents. I almost didn’t go through with my plan originally because of the living situation, but when my mom and dad told me they would be gone all day doing some errands, I decided it was now or never.

I had originally planned to get super desperate, wait until I was bursting and couldn’t hold it any longer, and run to the toilet or the bathtub and pee. I dressed in comfortable leggings and an oversized T-shirt because in case I did have an accident, I didn’t want to ruin good clothes or have it be obvious to my parents. A pair of leggings would be easy to rise off in the sink and dry quickly so I could put them in the wash with all my other clothes.

Since this was only my second time testing out my newfound fetish, and my first time doing it intentionally, I was a little nervous. I waited impatiently for my parents to leave that morning, sipping water throughout. I hadn’t peed at all since the night before, and I’d already had a cup of coffee, a glass of juice, and two glasses of water by this point. I wanted to be really, truly desperate when they left. They said they would be back late in the afternoon, but I couldn’t be sure of that.

“We’ll see you around 3 or 4,” my mom said as they made their way out the door. “There’s leftovers in the fridge if you get hungry.”

“Okay, thanks,” I said subtly shifting from one foot to the other.

The pressure in my bladder was already pretty strong, and the feeling was starting to turn me on.

They finally shut the door behind them, and I watched from the window as they started the car and pulled out of the driveway. I quickly shut all the blind in the house so neighbors wouldn’t be able to see what I got up to, and then I paced around and let all the liquids I consumed over the last couple of hours do their work.

Even though I didn’t really need to, I placed my hand over my crotched and pressed it into it, letting the wave of pleasure wash over me. My clit was already pulsing and I was very wet, jus not from urine.

I bit my lower lip and slowly drew my hand away. I wasn’t quite ready for anything to happen yet. In continued to walk through the house, and when I got to the kitchen, I decided to boil some water and make a cup of tea.

My mom had rearranged the cabinets since I was last home, and the tea was not in it’s normal spot. I danced in place as I opened each cupboard in search of some tea. When I found it, I reached up to grab a box and felt my bladder stretch. I quickly put my arms back down and doubled over and a pang of desperation shot through my lower abdomen. It was such a delicious feeling, but it was way too early for any leaks. More carefully this time, I grabbed the tea I wanted and put the bag in a mug.

I had to wait until my tea cooled down to drink it, so I decided to put myself a glass of milk and down that. In hindsight, I probably drank too much in such a short amount of time, but I didn’t have any idea what it would do to me at this point.

I turned on the TV and started Netflix. I thought watching something would help take my mind off my aching bladder. With a cup of tea and a movie playing, I actually did forget about it for a little while. I had been sitting watching the movie for almost an hour and my tea was completely gone when I got another warning sign from my bladder.

I realized how long it had been since I last noticed my bladder. I decided to pause the movie, stand up, and take stock of the situation. That was a bad idea.

When I stood, it was like a weight dropped in my abdomen, that weight being my swollen bladder. I immediately had to cross my legs and bounce around just to remain in control of it. My need to pee was progressing much faster than I thought it would. Still, that was good. It meant I would finish this before my parents got back home.

I played the movie again and carefully sat back down on the couch, allowing ample room for my bladder to rest without being squished or prodded in any way. I kept my right hand on my thigh just in case I had a need to grab my crotch quickly.

The movie was only about half over and I was getting bored, so I decided I would make another cup of tea to spice things up. My bladder has settled into a low whining again and while I could tell I had a lot of pee inside me, I knew I could hold a lot more.

With another cup of tea and a few more sips of water, I sat down only to have to jump up again when I realized if I happened to lose control or have a big leak, I would get urine on my parent’s couch. There were no pets to blame it on, so I went to the bathroom and brought back a towel that I laid on the seat of the couch. Feeling more assured in my plan, I finally relaxed a little, crossed my legs, and finished watching the movie.

###

By the end of it, I was bouncing my free leg and wiggling my hips side to side. It was getting more difficult to stay sitting, so as soon as the credits rolled, I slowly got up and paced around the house again. I found that walking quickly, so that my thighs were rubbing back and forth a lot, helped relieve some of the pressure.

I also found that my thighs rubbing together created some very tantalizing friction, making me hornier than ever. I promised myself that I would give in to my carnal needs soon, but it wasn’t quite time yet.

I had never masturbated on a full bladder before and I wanted to savor the feeling when I was completely filled up. I was pretty sure that wouldn’t be much longer, based on how much I had drunk.

###

I had one more glass of water, which I quickly realized was a mistake. I couldn’t stand still wherever I was unless I wanted to leak, so I danced frantically around the house, never stopping in one place too long.

As I danced around, I tried to think of what I should do. I looked over at the TV and remembered that my parents still had an old Nintendo 64 from when my older siblings were younger.

I crouched down to look for games on the shelves of the entertainments system and felt my bladder protest. I couldn’t stand up just yet, so I bounced on my heel, which seemed to help for a minute.

I finally found the games that when with it and hooked it up so I could play it. I popped in Mario Kart 64 and sat down employing the heel technique again my sitting on it so it was directly on my crotch.

I decided I would do an entire Grand Prix, and no matter what, I couldn’t get up throughout it. That seemed like an easy challenge to me in the moment, but I could already tell it wasn’t going to be in ten minutes. My bladder was filling up so fast from the last few drinks, especially the tea. I was starting to get worried that it might have been too much, but there was no going back now.

So, I settled into the towel-covered couch as best I could and started a Grand Prix. Like I thought, the first race was easy enough. But the next race was harder to concentrate on, as my bladder had begun throbbing. I could feel the pee ready to come out, and because I wasn’t moving much, my heel was the only thing preventing it.

I tried to sway around on the couch or tap my foot of the leg that wasn’t folded under me, but that made it impossible to play the game. I ended in 5th place unlike the first race that I sailed through, and I had to start the race over again.

I could quickly see how this was becoming a problem. My bladder was rapidly expanding and if I looked down, I could see a little bulge pushing out my shirt. I was a small-framed person with almost no curves, so to see that bulge was disconcerting.

###

The race restarted and I gritted my teeth, leaning forward slightly to concentrate better. I had to move now. My heel on it’s own wasn’t enough for me to feel confident I wasn’t going to leak.

I bounced up and down gently so it didn’t disrupt my playing. It helped, but I really just wanted to be able to stand up and move. It was much easier to contain the pee that way.

I got through the second and third races as quickly as I could, but the fourth race was giving me trouble. I kept ranking too low and was forced to restart the race, as if I could do better. At this point, I was surprised I could even play anymore. The tea and last glasses of water seemed to have reached my bladder, and now not only was it impossible to not move, it hurt to move and jostle my bladder around.

I groaned when I had to restart the final race a third time. I needed to use all my focus to hold my pee back, but I couldn’t do that until I finished my self-imposed challenge. I got to the third lap this time in second place, and that was when I felt my first leak.

A tiny dribble of pee found its way out and I gasped and drop the controller, shoving my hand into my crotch. I rocked back and forth until I felt I had regained control again, and looked up at the TV screen.

My moment of panic had been enough to put me in last place and end the race, which I would have to do again. I sighed, picked up the controller, and gave my crotch one last squeeze with my hand.

That one leak had been enough to prime my muscles for more. I wasn’t sure I could keep playing without anymore little accidents, but I had to try. Fortunately for me, going through this race 5 or 6 times in the last half-hour was enough to make me a pro at it, and I managed to finish in third place finally.

“That’s it!” I said to myself setting the controller next to me on the couch. “I’m done with this shit.”

I very gingerly unfolded myself and stood up from the couch. I was in a permanent hunched position because standing straight would have made me explode right there. Once I was standing, I became aware of how wet my pussy was. My clit was on fire, so with a little smile, I told myself it was time.

###

First I had to get my leggings off. I wanted to avoid having an accident in them if I could, and I wanted easy access to my very needy clit. I dropped them on the floor and sat back down on the couch in nothing but my hot pink, lacy thong and big T-shirt.

I spread my legs out, which was painful to do, but it did give my huge bladder bulge room without being pushed on. I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold back leaks without the aid of a hand, so first I slid my left hand into my thong and placed my forefinger onto my pee hole. I shivered as I did so, closing my eyes and taking in a deep breath.

The sensation of pushing on my pee hole was wonderful. It was slick with pussy juices, so I gently slid my finger back and forth over it a few times until I could feel my pee barely being held at bay.

I replaced my finger and pushed down hard enough to stop any leaks before they happened. My other hand found its way to my click and began to rub it. I knew I would enjoy masturbating with a full bladder, but I never knew how amazing it would feel.

My whole pussy was sensitive to my every touch, and I could feel my clit funding as I caressed it first back and forth, and then in little circles.

I knew I wouldn’t last long at the rate I was going, so I slowed down for a little, before reluctantly removing my hand for a moment to rub my bladder bulge.

I pushed down on it gently just to see what would happen, and my muscles contracted. I had to push my finger down on my pee hole even harder, as there was no where else for me pee to go but out. I was truly as filled up as I could possibly be.

I went back to my pulsing clit and stroked it with two fingers. I was so close now. My breathing was heavy and my hands were starting to tremble. I didn’t know if an orgasm would make me start peeing, but there was only one way to find out.

I rubbed my clit harder and faster, feeling pressure build up until it released into one spectacular orgasm. Since I was alone, I did bother to muffle the moans escaping my mouth. I closed my eyes and felt my entire pelvic area contract and release as my body surged with sheer pleasure.

I was brought out of my orgasmic stupor when I felt a spurt of pee spray past my finger. With each contraction of my pelvis, it seemed that pee was leaking out whether I wanted it to or not.

###

I panicked and struggled to stop the spurts, which were happening every second, but there was nothing I could do. My underwear were now completely soaked from both my pussy juices and my pee. It created a nice, dark patch on them that

I couldn’t help but cup my hand over for a moment.

It was warm and I pressed down a little harder. Immediately, I felt another orgasm just seconds after the first one. It was glorious, but I was now steadily peeing. As the second one ended and I was able to lift my head up again, I realized that my pee was spraying out onto the towel I had placed on the couch earlier. If I didn’t stop the peeing soon or move, it was going to drench it and get on the couch.

“Oh, my God!” I cried, jumping up from my spot and crossing my legs into a pretzel shape. “Stop!”

With my hands and my legs, I was finally able to stop the flow of pee. It had gotten on the hardwood floor and made a tiny puddle, but that would be easy to clean up. I got some paper towel and soaked up the urine, making sure it was fully dry and clean so my parents wouldn’t know anything that happened. Then I put the towel in the wash. I didn’t have a huge wet spot on it, but it was starting to show through the other side, which would have been bad for the couch.

Since my underwear were now thoroughly soaked through and weren’t about to hold anymore leaks, I decided to put my leggings back on. I wanted a little more protection from leaks, and I really wanted to see what leggings looked like when I wet them.

I had just peed a lot, but there was so much pee let tin me, and it felt like my bladder was quickly refilling the replace the liquid it had lost.

My orgasms made me sleepy and a little hazy, so I slowly walked around the house, hand firmly planted on my crotch, as I decided what to do.

I nearly jumped out of my skin when I heard a car pull up in the driveway. “Mom and Dad can’t possibly be home already, can they?” I mumbled to myself, looking at the clock on the wall.

It was only 12:00. There was no way they were home this early. Except they were.

“Hi, sweetie! We’re back a little early,” Mom said as they walked through the front door. “Did everything go okay while we were home?”

“Uh, yeah, everything was great,” I said, trying to stand normally while also trying not to burst.

A tiny, steady stream of pee was beginning to leak out. I had to take action soon, but I didn’t know what to do.”

“Did you already eat lunch or are you still hungry?” Dad asked me, forcing me to stay where I was standing and answer.

“Nope, haven’t had lunch yet.”

“We bought some stuff at the grocery store to make some nice sandwiches, if you’re interested.”

I wanted to say no, but as if on queue, my stomach growled and I realized I was pretty hungry. I didn’t have much to eat yet today, just drink.

“We bought some lemonade, too. I know you love lemonade,” Mom said.

“Oh, great!” I smiled and squeezed my thighs together. My stream of pee had stopped for now, but I wouldn’t last much longer.

Lemonade looks like pee, I thought silently as I watched Mom take out the bottle from a grocery bag. She handed it to me, and I realized she thought I wanted some right now. I took it from her, just because I didn’t want to be rude, and shuffled into the kitchen. I hoped I didn’t look too weird the way I was walking, but if I separated my legs too much, I was guaranteed to burst all over.

“Zoe,” Mom said as she and Dad entered the kitchen with all their grocery bags, “Why don’t you set the table and we’ll all eat together? It’s been so long since we had a nice family meal.”

I sighed. Normally I wouldn’t have a problem with this, and I should have expected it from my Mom. Every time one or all three of her children visited from college or their homes, she mentioned how much she loved family meals. I think she just liked seeing her family together. But today was not the day for this. I was sure I couldn’t sit still in a dining chair while I ate a sandwich and drank lemonade.

###

I put some plates out, filled three cups with lemonade all while imagining that was my pee during into the cups, and set out a big bowl of potato chips.

“So, you guys came home early,” I said, rubbing my legs together while they were hidden behind the table.

“We thought we were going to have to make a couple of extra stops,” Dad explained, “but we didn’t end up having to. And we didn’t want to leave you alone for too long. After all, you just came back for summer break and we want to spend tim with you.”

I nodded. I really wished they would have just stayed out longer like they originally planned. I was having a fine time home alone.

As I sat down and got ready to eat, I felt a big leak spurt out. My eyes grew wide and I crossed my legs under the table, hoping that would be enough to stop more pee from coming out. It did for a few minutes, but then I dribbled again and I could tell that the first leak had broken down the defense of my leggings. I hoped I didn’t get pee on the chair, but there was really nothing I could do.

My parents were trying to talk to me, asking me about college and if I liked my hair being dyed, and boring stuff like that, and I answered in short sentences, trying not to break my concentration from my bursting bladder. I stuffed my mouth full of sandwich so I couldn’t talk to them for a little while and used my free hand to hold my crotch again.

I never though I would be able to hold on this long. I was sure I would have wet myself by now, but my parents coming home early drastically changed my plans.

I hadn’t touched my lemonade yet because I knew that anymore liquid I consumed would be the end of my poor, swollen bladder. Mom asked me if everything was okay because I wasn’t drinking my lemonade, so I grabbed it and drained the entire glass, almost immediately regretting my rash decision.

“Well, I’m going to go take a shower,” I said, getting up carefully from the table.

I needed both hands for my plate and cup, and I couldn’t hold myself in front of my parents, so I mentally steeled myself and marched toward the kitchen, fully aware that I had very little time to walk like this.

“Oh, Zoe, I know you’re home for a break, but would you be willing to wash dishes before you take a shower? I have a mountain of laundry to do and there aren’t many dishes yet, so I don’t want them piling up.”

Now, I love my parents, but at this time, they didn’t have a dishwasher, which I really couldn’t believe. The old one had broken about a year before and they just... never replaced it. I wouldn’t have minded washing dishes for my mom, especially since there were just a few, but I couldn’t begin to imagine standing still with my hands in hot water for any amount of time.

To make matters worse, I was getting turned on again from my massive need to pee, and I wanted to get off with the shower head. But first I wanted to pee myself, and I couldn’t do either of those things until the dishes were done.

I reluctantly agreed, just because my parents did sound pretty busy and I wanted to help out while I was around, so I gathered up the dishes from the table and brought them over to the sink.

Dad got up from the table and announced he was going to mow the lawn. I already knew Mom would be in the laundry soon, so I would be alone in the kitchen which was a small mercy.

At this point I could have just run to the bathroom and peed my heart out, but the thought of having another full-on accident like the one I’d had on my way home from the salon was so tantalizing, I couldn’t bring myself to spoil the moment.

So, I pushed my fingers into my pee hole, clenched my jaw, and turned on the faucet. My bladder jolted and instantly I felt a tiny leak rewet my cold, slightly damp underwear. The feeling was delightful and I almost let the leak keep going, but I couldn’t do that just yet.

I stuck my free hand under the flowing water, which was pure torture. It was a pleasant, lukewarm temperature that made me feel like my own faucet was going to let loose any second. I had to fan my legs back and forth as I repeatedly checked the temperature and filled the sink.

My next challenge was to submerge my hand all the way past my wrist into the warm sinful of water. I knew that this was a prank some people did to make people wet the bed. I didn’t realize what a huge effect it would have on my bladder.

I was standing crosslegged, and when I plunged my hand into the water, I had to bend my knees and squeeze my thighs together until they hurt. Despite my attempts, a few drops of pee leaked into my underwear and I had to squeeze harder than I thought was possible to prevent anymore drops from coming out.

I had to use both hands on the dishes, which presented an even bigger challenge. The only way I held on to my waterfall of pee was by keeping my legs pretzeled and bouncing all around while somehow remaining over the sink with the dishes. I was beyond grateful the both my parents were out of the room, or there would be no way for me to hold on without being obvious to them.

I tried to wash the dishes quickly, and fortunately there weren’t many since it was only the middle of the day, but even a few were a lot for my tortured bladder. I finally put the last one on the drying rack and hobbled out of the kitchen, by back arched forward to help my bladder hold its enormous amount of liquids in.

###

I went to the bathroom in the hallway, and on the way there I had another big leak. This one went through my underwear to my leggings, where I felt my hand that was gripping my crotch get wet. It was a pretty big spurt of pee, so I hurried as fast as I could go without any more leaks and got to the bathroom door.

It was closed. My parents didn’t usually leave doors closed in the house, so I decided to knock in case someone was in there.

“Zoe, is that you?” Mom’s voice came form behind the door.

“Yeah, I was just going to take a shower,” I replied, trying not to let her hear the urgency in my voice.

“Oh, okay, I’ll just be a minute and then you can have the shower.”

I waited where I was since I didn’t think I could move anywhere without more pee leaking out, and I heard a loud stream come from the bathroom.

Hearing my mom’s pee hitting the water in the toilet was almost too much to bear. I was nearly crying from how much I need to pee, bending and unbending my knees rapidly just to keep myself from having a full on accident.

The toilet flushed and my pee found a way past my hand again, spraying all over my leggings. I could see a shiny, wet spot on them now. It was amazing looking on the black leggings, but I had to wait until I was in the privacy of the bathroom to enjoy it.

My mom was washing her hands now and I knew I would have to uncross my legs and remove my hand from blocking my pee hole. I was almost sure I wouldn’t be able to hold it without those two aids, but it would only be for a second while my Mom walked past me.

I bit my lip and slowly, carefully removed my hand. A tiny dribble came out, which turned into a small, but steady stream when I uncrossed my legs. I prayed my Mom would come out right now before it turned into a big stream and my prayers were answered as she did.

I don’t know how normally I was standing, but it was the best I could do without exploding and she didn’t look at me strangely or seem to think anything funny was going on.

“It’s all yours,” Mom said to me as I walked past her and practically slammed the door behind me.

###

Walking was enough to turn that small stream into a big one. Once the door was closed, I leaned against it, bent over, and buried my hand deep in my crotch, this time under the layers of the leggings and underwear. I need direct contact to stop this flow.

In the warmth and wetness of my pussy, my finger found my pee hole and basically plugged it, stopping the flow of pee. I nearly cried out in pain as my bladder protested from my blockade. I muffled myself though, and only let out a tiny whimper.

I had squeezed my eyes shut when I stopped my pee stream, but I opened them again so I could make a game plan. All I had to do was grab a towel, jump in the bathtub, close the shower curtain, and turn the water on. Simple plan, right? Turns out when your so full of pee it’s literally spilling out of you, nothing is simple.

I made to get the towel from the rack and lost another spurt of pee. My finger was no longer enough to hold back the flood. I put the towel down by the bathtub so I wouldn’t get water everywhere when I stepped out and lost another leak, this one larger.

I think the lemonade had reached my bladder now, as it was stretched beyond anything I could have imagined. I lifted up my shirt slightly and looked in the bathroom mirror, which I was in front of, and saw a prominent bulge. It was insane looking and I couldn’t believe I was holding that much urine.

I tried to press one finger into my bladder, but it spasmed and I lost another leak. I turned around and unglued my legs just enough to step over the ledge of the bathtub. This caused me to lose a huge spurt of pee. I watched it drip onto the white ledge, my leggings completely drenched at the crotch and no longer able to hold my leaks.

###

As soon as I was in the bathtub, I swung the curtain closed, turned on the shower, and let my bladder go.

Pee sprayed everywhere. It cascaded down my leggings and onto my socks, it went down the drain with the shower water, and it even got on the walls of the shower just because of how violently it burst out of pee.

My knees grew weak and I put on hand on the wall to steady myself, pee still flowing down into the bathtub. I nearly orgasmed right then from the relief of finally peeing. I knew it would take mere seconds to come from the shower head and jets of water directly on my clit.

My eyelids grew heavy and I closed them, letting the sensation of hot urine flowing like a waterfall down my legs consume me. In this moment, all the waiting and having unexpected setbacks was worth it. I never imagined it would feel as good as this.

The stream of urine slowed into a trickle, before eventually dying off into a few drips. When I was finally empty, I opened my eyes again and inspected my abdomen. The bladder bulge that had been there a minute ago was reduced to a flat belly and I could see my feet again. I rubbed my abdomen over where my bladder was, letting my fingers dance over my sensitive skin and watching goosebumps appear.

My clothes were soaked, so I stripped them off and stood naked in the shower. I could feel my pussy juices dripping down I was so wet, so I pulled the shower head down, sat in the bathtub with my legs spread apart, and sprayed the warm water directly on my swollen clit,

I came almost immediately, having to throw my hand over my mouth to stop myself from screaming. Muffled moans escaped my lips and I fell back into the bathtub, twitching as my orgasm washed over me.

I kept the stream of water there as long as my clit would allow me, extending the orgasm and allowing myself to sink into a torpor of pleasure. As my muscles contracted, they pushed a few more drops of pee out and I was in heaven. I waited a moment after my orgasm had ended to stand up again.

My hand were shaking, my legs were shaking, and my head felt heavy, so I got up carefully and replaced the shower head, letting the hot water caress my skin and my totally relaxed body.

I thought that my adventures with pee couldn’t get much better than this one, but with lots of practice and finding out what worked best for my bladder I came to have many more amazing experiences. This one, my first time ever intentionally wetting myself, was the perfect entry into my wild, exciting new world I discovered.

###

My next Omorashi experience was not one I intended to have. It started on my way back to college after a refreshing summer break at my parents house.

To get back to my college campus from the airport, since I didn’t have a car to drive, I had to take the train. It wasn’t too long of a ride, only a couple of hours, but it was my only reliable method of transportation back to my campus.

Since I always get dehydrated on airplanes, I make sure to drink lots of water. My flight back was also pretty early in the morning, so my parents and I had to be awake by 6:00 am to get to the airport in time. We were running a little late because of course we all woke up past the time we needed to, so we stopped on the way to get coffee.

I had put on some comfortable, loose linen pants, and a tank top with a light sweater over it. It wasn’t exactly cold out, but the morning was chilly and I wanted to be prepared in case I had to wait somewhere cooler during the day. I put my hair, which had faded out into a plum color over the summer, into a french braid to keep it out of my face.

I had finished my latte by the time we got to the airport, where I said goodbye to my parents for the next few months and went past security. I had about an hour to wait for my flight to take off, so I decided to buy a water bottle at a kiosk.

I downed that bottle while I walked around, growing the various airport stores to pass the time. I realized two things about ten minutes before I had to be at my gate: one, I needed more water for my flight, and two, I needed to pee.

I ran to the bathroom so I would have one last chance to use a nice enough toilet before my only option was the plane, and when I was done in there I got two more bottle of water. I could already tell I would have to pee again, but didn’t worry about it because the flight wasn’t long anyway and if it was an emergency I could always use the plane bathroom.

I made it onto the plane without any issues and got settled into my seat. As soon as I took out the book I bought to read, my bladder twinged and I thought about getting up to pee after we were in the air.

I forgot all about that need, though, when I became engrossed in my book. I took out one of my water bottles and began sipping it, making sure I stayed hydrated throughout the trip. I also got some soda from the flight attendant, even though I knew I shouldn’t because it wouldn’t help me stay well-hydrated.

The plane landed about three hours later, and I got my carryon and stood up form my seat to file off the plane. Immediately, I noticed a pressure in my bladder. Since I was getting off the plane, I decided I would just use the bathroom at the airport.

###

Unfortunately, everyone else apparently had that idea as well, and once I had my luggage and made my way to the closest bathroom, there was a queue formed. At this point I weighed my options, shifting a little on my feet to keep the feeling in my bladder from getting too bad.

I could either wait in this queue, find another bathroom, or just get over to the train station and use the bathroom there. Rather than run across an airport in search of a bathroom, I chose to head over to the train station, where I would be prepared to board my train after using the bathroom.

I walked a few blocks till a got to the station, getting steadily more desperate along the way. I checked the time on my phone to make sure everything was going smoothly. It was, so I relaxed a little and slowed my pace. Walking slower made it easier to hold my pee, which was a great comfort to me.

I got to the train station and checked the times there. I had never had a train be exactly on time, so I was prepared to have to wait a little longer. To my surprise, it was still on schedule, which left me about 20 minutes to use the bathroom and get back to wait for it to arrive.

That's plenty of time, I thought to myself. I was in no hurry. So when I looked up at the line for the women’s bathroom, I didn’t feel even the slightest bit of worry.

Until I waited in that line for 10 minutes. I even checked my phone just to make sure it didn’t feel like a longer wait than it was. I watched a few people in front of me leave, a couple of them with their hands buried in their pants or dancing around as they left.

“What do you think is taking so long?” a middle-aged woman in front of me asked.

I shrugged. “Maybe some of the cubicles are out of order? I wish they would hurry, though. I need to get on a train in about ten minutes.”

The woman nodded. “So do I. I haven’t had a chance to use the bathroom since this morning, so I was really hoping for this chance. I don’t know if the train will have a bathroom or not.”

Despite implying that she was desperate to pee, the woman didn’t move around at all. In fact, she seemed perfectly composed. I, on the other hand, was getting a little frazzled. It wasn’t an emergency yet, but I didn’t think I would last another two hours. I was getting to know my bladder very well and this wasn’t shaping up to be a good scenario.

After about five more minutes of waiting and only moving up two in the queue, I determined that I absolutely would not get a chance to use the bathroom here before my train came. Even if it was late by now, the line was moving too slowly and I was too far back in it to get a cubicle in any reasonable amount of time.

I squeezed my thighs together briefly and exhaled loudly. Leaving the queue felt like admitting defeat, so I told myself that I was going to get to a bathroom at some point today before I had an accident to feel better about not being able to use a toilet.

###

Getting aboard the train, which was just a couple minutes late, felt wrong, considering I still needed to pee. My brain - and my bladder - were telling me I was missing something. I clenched my muscles for a few seconds once I was sitting down to let my body know that everything was going to be okay and I could hold it.

I was surprised to see, a few minutes later, the woman I had met in the queue walk onto the train and sit down next to me. She recognized me as she set her bag down and smiled.

“Hey, I saw you over by the bathroom, right?”

“Yep! Did you ever have a chance to use the toilet?” I asked.

“No.” She sighed, resting her hands on her lap.

“I guess I’m just going to have to wait.”

The woman was tall and had short brown hair. I assumed she was around my mom’s age, although she might have been a little older.

“Sorry to hear that. I ended up just leaving the line to get on the train.”

“I waited as I could in line, but unfortunately even with the train being a little bit late, it wasn’t enough time. My name’s Cathy, by the way.”

“Hi, Cathy, nice to meet you. My name’s Zoe.”

“Where are you headed to, Zoe?”

“Back to my college. I was home for summer break and I actually just got off a flight. I have to take the train to campus because I don’t have a car.”

“Oh, okay.”

“What about you?” As I said that, my bladder throbbed ever-so-slightly and I had to play it off like I didn’t have to pee, which was getting more and more difficult.

“I was visiting my son here for a week and now I’m going back home. He only lives a few hours away from me, but I hate driving and prefer to take the train.”

I chatted with Cathy for a while longer. She seemed like a nice person, but it was hard to stay focused on what she was saying. I kept feeling like I should cross my legs or something to help with the pressure, but I also didn’t want to openly reveal how much I had to pee to a near-stranger.

Cathy seemed to be having trouble as well, as every few minutes she would kind of lose track of what she was saying, adjust her sitting position, and seem flustered as she tried to get back into the conversation.

Normally I would have been turned on by needing to pee, of course, but I wasn’t comfortable holding in public yet, especially when it wasn’t on my terms. Still, I tried to make myself enjoy it a little bit more by reminding myself that I would kill to feel this kind of need to pee in the privacy of my own home.

About a quarter of the way through my trip, I realized how thirsty I was getting. I still had the other water bottle I purchased before my flight, so I took that out of my bag. I had a fleeting thought that I would regret drinking this water, as water usually went right through me and I already had to pee, but I really was thirsty.

Ultimately I decided a few sips couldn’t hurt. I would just space it out throughout the trip. Cathy gave me a surprised look when I took the cap off the bottle and drank some of the water.

“I wouldn’t dare drink anything with the state I’m in.”

“Well, normally I wouldn’t, either, but I’m a little dehydrated from flying and I don’t want to make myself sick. I can always use the bathroom on the train, too.”

Cathy’s eyes lit up. “I forgot about that! I’m going to go find out where it is.”

“Okay. Let me know if you find it.”

I took another drink of water before forcing myself to replace the cap and put it away. As much as I wanted to drink more, I knew that would be a mistake. The soda from the airplane was starting to hit my bladder, and boy, was it hitting hard. It was getting difficult for me to sit still with the constant ache I was feeling now.

Cathy came back a few minutes later look stressed and a little annoyed. “It’s out of order,” she told me. “Apparently they’ve been having some problems with it the last few trips, so it’s not available to use at all today.”

“That sucks,” I said.

My backup plan was destroyed, so all I could do now was wait. I did entertain the thought of using my water bottle to pee in, but one, I would have to drink the rest of the water in it which might come back to bite me later, and two, I would have to pull down my pants to use it. I was absolutely not going to do that and risk people seeing me. It didn’t matter that we were in the back of the train. So, I shoved that though deep into my mind and continued to try to forget my pressing need.

Fortunately, the pants I was wearing were very forgiving with my bladder. The had an elastic waistband and were very loose-fitting, so they expanded nicely for my slowly growing bladder bulge.

I took another drink of water a few minutes later and shivered. It was a little cold in the train and the water wasn’t helping, so I pulled my cardigan tighter around me and folded my arms, resting them on my waist and feeling the weight of them push down into my filling bladder.

Immediately I removed my arms and placed them on my thighs, clasping my hands together and leaning forward a bit to help with the pain I had brought upon myself.

“This is a pretty bad situation,” I heard Cathy say, reminding me that I wasn’t alone and needed to be more careful with my actions.

Cathy was sitting with her legs crossed and her hands very close to her crotch. She was wearing jeans, which I could only imagine dug into her waist uncomfortably, but her loose shirt covered any possibility of a bulge.

“Yeah, I’m not doing great myself,” I laughed. “I hope for some reason the train arrives in the station early so we don’t have to wait as long as we think we do.”

It was as if the conductor heard my words, because as soon as I said that, the train began to slow down. I quickly looked at the time and shook my head in disbelief.

“We can’t be there yet,” I said.

Still, I could hope.

“No, there’s no way,” Cathy agreed.

I looked out the window, hoping I could see my station coming into view. Instead, I saw nothing. Well, not exactly. I saw fields and an ugly road and some trees in the distance, but this was not any station, let alone the station I wanted to be at.

###

A few minutes later, when the train was at a complete halt, the conductor came back and started talking.

“I apologize for the delay, but we’re having a minor problem with the engine. We should have it fixed soon, so please bear with us.”

I’m pretty sure my jaw was hanging open. This couldn’t be happening.

“Oh, no,” Cathy groaned, shifting in her seat.

“How long do you think it will take?” I asked Cathy when I finally managed to clamp my mouth shut again.

Cathy shook her head. “I don’t know. I’ve never had anything happen to me before like this.”

I had so many questions I wanted to ask, but the conductor was already gone. With nothing left to do but wait, I settled into my seat and took out my phone. At least it was a distraction.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Cathy’s free leg bouncing back and forth. She wasn’t nearly as composed as she had been when we were standing in the queue together. It was hard to gauge how desperate she was, but I didn’t think she was any better off than me. And I was getting very desperate very fast.

Every few seconds I felt a pang in my bladder as it sent warning signals that it was getting full. At first, since there was nothing I could do, I ignored it. But after a while, those throbs were only getting more intense and I had to cross my legs tightly, squeezing my pelvic muscles. I just had to stay in control and I would be fine.

Except half-an-hour later, the train wasn’t moving and no one knew what was going on. Murmurs began going up and down the car as people wondered what could possibly be wrong. I was concerned about the train, of course, because I wanted to get home, but my reasons for that were a little different than most people’s.

The water I drank earlier, plus all the liquids I hadn’t had a chance to empty out after the last time I used the bathroom several hours earlier, were sloshing around. My phone, which was an effective distraction for a while, was getting less and less effective. I couldn’t really concentrate on reading anything or playing a game, because I needed it for holding back a flood.

Another ten minutes passed and I started getting antsy. I put my phone down and leaned forward, looking around the car for any sign of, well, anything that would either make me feel better or indicate we were going to star moving soon. I saw Cathy was moving around a lot more too, and I assumed she was having real trouble holding her pee now.

Finally, the conductor came back and told everyone that the train would begin moving in about fifteen more minutes. It was now over an hour behind schedule, but he assured us that we wouldn’t have to stop again.

I sighed in relief after hearing the news. I felt immense pressure in my abdomen and my pee hole was starting to get strained too. I knew it was only a matter of time before I would start having to worry about leaks.

I turned to look at Cathy, who had a worried look on her face. “At least the train’s about to start moving again, right?” I asked.

“Well, that’s good, but I - um - I leaked a little bit just a few minutes ago,” she confessed.

She was holding her purse in her lap now, presumably to hide any wet spot that might be on her pants.

I raised my eyebrows. “Oh, sorry to hear that. I didn’t realize it was that bad.”

“I’ve had kids before and I’m getting older, so it’s a little harder for me to hold a lot,” she explained. “I don’t think I really have to go any worse than you, I just can’t hold it in as long.”

“Well, we only have about two hours left before we get to the train station,” I encouraged. “I’m sure we’ll both be able to hold until then.”

Cathy nodded, but she didn’t look any less worried. I couldn’t imagine how I would feel if I already leaked this early into the train ride. I was just grateful I could hold a decent amount before getting too desperate.

###

Once the train was moving again, I took out my water bottle and drank more from it, feeling encouraged by the speed we were picking up.

Much to my chagrin, as I swallowed that water, my bladder spasmed and I had to clench my thighs as tightly as possible to prevent a leak. My mind was racing with what to do. More water right now was out of the question, but my need was already rapidly getting worse and I had to take measures to prevent that.

My legs were already crossed, but I kept them squeezed tightly together and decided that if I wanted a chance at being dry when we pulled into the station, I just had to hold myself.

I almost moaned as I put my hand between my legs and pressed into my pee hole, but I managed to stay silent. The relief was wonderful and I had to admit, I was starting to get a little turned on by the whole situation. I thought it might help me hold, so I let my thoughts wander, my underwear getting progressively wetter from my pussy juices.

Cathy brought me out of my thoughts when she tapped me on the shoulder. I quickly removed my hand, my bladder protesting the sudden lack of support.

“Yeah?” I asked.

“I don’t think I can wait,” she said, biting her lip. “But I don’t know what else to do. Do you have any ideas?”

I blushed slightly. “Well, you could hold yourself with your hand/’ I whispered. “I’ve been doing that.”

Her face lit up slightly. “Does it help? Normally I would be too embarrassed to ever try that, but I’ll do anything at this point to not wet myself.”

“It works well for me. Just make sure that if you have to remove it for any reason, you’re prepared to hold your pee back without it.”

I watched as Cathy put her hand between her legs, sighing as she did so. Evidently it helped, because she stopped fidgeting so much for a while. I went back to my fantasies, my fingers pressing up on my sensitive pussy. I couldn’t wait to get home and release the tension.

Fantasizing about what I would do as soon as I had time alone helped for a little while. But my bladder was whining the entire time, and eventually it was just too hard to concentrate on my thoughts anymore. The pressure was so intense, it felt like I might just burst. I tenderly rubbed my belly with my free hand. There was a pretty big bulge there, and it wasn’t really concealed behind my tight tank top, so I could see it well too.

With just one hour left in the trip, my bladder was no longer allowing me to simply hold myself. I had to move around. I wished I weren’t confined to sitting down, because at least walking would give me some much needed movement that I couldn’t really get where I was.

Cathy was moving a lot more again, too. I asked her if she was doing okay and she shook her head at me, telling me she felt another leak.

“There’s no way I can wait another hour. I’m about to pee myself and there’s nothing I can do about it. Nothing I’m trying is helping anymore.”

I didn’t have any more advice for her, so all I could do was tell her I was in the same boat. Er, wrong choice of words.

She nodded her head. “I noticed you’ve been moving around much more than you were earlier. If you don’t mind my asking, have you leaked at all yet?”

“Not yet, thank God.”

###

As soon as I finished speaking and turned my head to look out the window, a hot, wet spurt of pee burst past the pressure my fingers were placing on my pee hole. My eyes widened and I held on tighter, wiggling my legs around furiously. This was seriously bad.

With my first leak in my underwear, the seal had been broken. Now my pee was looking for any way past the blockade of my fingers, and I had a terrible feeling that if I removed my hand, I would spray pee all over. My only hope was that, with everything I was doing to see it in, I could at least wait until I was off the train and run to the train bathroom.

We were on the last stretch of the trip when I leaked for the second time. There was no way I could stay still anymore. I was fanning my legs back and forth and bouncing up and down in my seat, and I didn’t care what anyone else thought. It was better than wetting myself in front of them.

Cathy was sweating a little, her lips pursed and both her hands buried into the crotch of her jeans. She was sitting stock still, which I found odd because previously she was fidgeting more than I was. She looked like she was deep in concentration, though, so I didn’t dare ask her how she was doing and break that focus.

An attendant began walking up and down aisles making sure everyone was where they should be and doing all right. He stopped where Cathy and I were sitting and in a moment of panic, I stopped moving my legs. Instantly I realized that was a bad idea, but I forced myself to use the pressure of my fingers alone to keep back all the urine inside of me.

“Ma’am, I see you have a water bottle in your bag.”

I glanced at the bottle sticking out of my bag and looked back at the attendant. “I do. Is that a problem?”

“I’m afraid that we only allow food and drink in the dining car. Did you order a meal with your ticket?”

“No, I didn’t.”

“I’ll have to take the water bottle, then. I’m sorry for the inconvenience; it’s just policy on this train.”

I wasn’t about to give up the water a paid three whole dollars for. It was still about half full. “Could I just drink the rest of it right now and then give you the empty bottle?”

The attendant paused for a moment before smiling. “I guess so. I won’t tell anyone.”

“Thank you.” I grabbed the bottle, gulped down the rest of the water in it, and handed the man the bottle when it was gone. “I really appreciate it.”

I might have been happy I didn’t waste my money, but my bladder wasn’t. The large amount of water I consumed made me cold again, which was a terrible feeling to have with a full bladder. Beyond that, I had just drunk more water, which was soon going to make its way to my bladder and make my need so much worse.

Cathy had turned to watch me and she seemed shocked. “Isn’t that going to cause you more problems?” she asked.

“I’m sure it will,” I lamented. “I panicked in the moment and didn’t know what to do.”

I started to bounce around again, the effects of the other half of the water bottle previously consumed beginning to hit. Since Cathy seemed to be out of her trance, I felt like I wouldn’t make her situation worse by talking with her.

“How are you doing?”

“Really bad. I’ve leaked several more times in the last hour, but I still really have to go. I didn’t think I had that much pee in me!”

“Well, we’re almost at the station. You think you can hold on long enough to make it to the bathroom there?”

“Maybe, but if there’s any kind of line, I’m done for.” She lifted up her purse, which was concealing her hands and her lap.

There was a large wet spot around her crotch. I didn’t have any idea she had leaked that much, so I said, “Wow.”

“I know. It’s terrible. But hopefully it will be dry by the time I get off the train.”

The train began to slow down, and I couldn’t be happier. I was now confident I would be able to hold on until I got to the station bathroom, even with all the water I just had a few minutes ago.

I continued to shift around in my seat, but with my renewed self-assuredness in my ability to hold my pee, I didn’t think I even needed to do that.

My bladder had other ideas, though, and a moment later, I was feeling increased pressure and it began to throb again. I had slowed my movements and lifted my hand just a little from my crotch, as it was getting tired of holding, but that was a big mistake.

Just a few seconds later, I had another tiny dribble. It wasn’t much, but it was a warning sign of what was imminent. Fortunately for me, the train stopped in the station and I didn’t have to worry about getting pee on the train seat. My pants, however, were another story. I hadn’t leaked through yet, but I was afraid that standing up would be the trigger.

People were allowed to get off the train not long after the trains stopped. I waited for Cathy to stand before I tried getting up, but she didn’t.

“I don’t think I can.”

I was starting to get impatient. “Can you just try?”

Finally, she slowly started to get up, her eyes narrowed and her hand still in her crotch. She used her purse as a shield, but she had to grab her bag still. When she finally had that, she shuffled down the aisle, bent over in an effort to hold her liquids in and not disturb her bladder.

Now it was my turn to try stand up. That proved to be very difficult, and I got up, I squeezed my bladder from bending over too far and a small, steady stream began.

I knew as soon as it started that this leak was going to break past my underwear and get my pants wet. I quickly grabbed my bags and practically duckwalked down the aisle, a dribble of a stream still flowing out.

Once I was off the train, I arched my back forward and looked around frantically for a bathrooms sign. I saw it a few second later, and walking toward it was Cathy herself.

Even from where I was, I could see a wet spot on the back of her pants. As I got closer, I saw that it was growing. My wet spot was, too, but the pattern on my pants prevented it from being seen well by passersby.

We made it to the bathroom around the same time because Cathy was forced to walk slower than I was. She seemed to have her stream under control by the time I caught up, but I could tell she wasn’t doing well at all. She looked upset and as I looked up, I saw the reason why.

We are behind three people waiting in a line for the bathroom. I quickly realized that it was a one- person stall, which was quite possibly the worst kind in a situation like this. I picked up one foot and then the other, trying to subtly help myself hold my aching bladder.

“I can’t believe this,” Cathy muttered to me. “I’m actually peeing myself right now and I need to get to a toilet. I think I’ll ask the people in front of me if I can go first.”

“That’s a good idea,” I said.

I wished I could have done that, but I doubted people would have as much sympathy for a young college student than they would for a more matronly type.

I watched Cathy hobble over to the people in front of her and ask each one if she could go in front. One by one, they shook their heads. It appeared that everyone was in need of a toilet quite badly and wasn’t willing to give up their spot.

Cathy returned to her spot in the line just in front of me and sighed. “I honestly think I’m going to have an accident.”

My heart began to beat faster. I had never witnessed someone else have a full-on accident before, but today might be the day. I had my own need to worry about too, though, so I tried not to get too excited over the prospect.

###

The queue moved so slowly, and the entire time my bladder was screaming for sweet release. There was nothing I could do except dance around like mad and keep my hand holding my crotch. I got to the point where I had to put my hand inside my pants for direct contact on my pee hole. It was slick with pussy juices, making it difficult to keep my finger pressed onto.

As I waited, I had another leak. My underwear were completely soaked and now they were freshly wet again. My entire pelvic area was in agony from holding so much urine. It felt like the water I drank on the train was there now too, as my bladder was completely stretched out.

I thought my pants were stretchy enough to remain comfortable for any bulge, but the waistband was pressing into my bladder and causing me extreme pain from the stress of it.

I squeezed my eyes shut tight as one of the people in the queue went into the bathroom. I was close to tears as my pee hole tingled, my muscles wavering dangerously from the load they were holding back.

I couldn’t stop moving anymore. I looked like I was warming up for some sport or something, but I couldn’t help it. I did not care if I put on a scene. My movements were one of the only things helping me hold my urine, because my tired muscles were hardly doing anything anymore.

I only opened my eyes when I heard a gasp from Cathy. She was next in line a this point, but I watched as a stream of pee trickled down her jeans, it stopped when she appeared to clench her muscles, but started again a second later. It kept starting and stopping the whole time she stood there, doubled over and crying.

The last person in front of her opened the bathroom door and walked out, and Cathy pushed past her, her spurts of pee turning into a full stream as she ran.

She left a thin trail of pee on the floor and she slammed the door behind her not bothering to lock it. I heard her stream hit the toilet water a second later, and that seemed to make my own bladder perk up.

The sound of a pee stream hitting water was just too much for me. I relaxed for a second and a huge burst of pee leaked out past my hand, past my underwear, and down the inner leg of my pants. If Cathy didn’t come out in about five seconds, I was done for.

My whole body shook from effort as I listened to Cathy’s stream keep going. I couldn’t believe how much she held, especially after leaking so much. Finally, she came out, but I was already leaking drips of pee nonstop. I could feel my pee hole quivering with my finger.

She walked out with an enormous smile on her face, wished me luck, and I shuffled into the bathroom as she walked away. I did see that she had quite a large wet patch that she wasn’t even bothering to hide anymore.

I tore my pants down once the door shut behind me, not wanting to leak in them anymore. My pink thong was done for, so I left it on to hopefully catch the leak that was forming into a full-on pee stream at this point.

I hobbled over to the toilet, pants at my ankles and hand unsuccessfully holding my pee hole. Before I even managed to sit down, a torrent of pee burst forth and sprayed onto the floor and my pants. I threw myself onto the toilet seat, my heart pounding, and closed my eyes as the urine poured into the bowl.

I peed for a solid two minutes, enjoying every second of it. I was so wet, I considered rubbing myself right there in the bathroom, but I knew there were people behind me waiting to get in there, so I gathered myself together, grabbed my bags that were tossed haphazardly by the bathroom door, and left.

I walked back to my campus thinking about my experience the entire time. When I got to my dorm, my roommate was already back from summer break. She was a great friend, so I was happy to see her, but I was a little disappointed because this meant my naughty exploits would have to wait until nighttime.

Since I was in the mood, I decided to hold the rest of the evening. My muscles were severely weakened, making it much more difficult than it was before. Since my pee was clear from all the liquids I drank and my linen pants dried quickly, I left them on. They suffered through a few more leaks throughout the evening, and the fresh pair of underwear I changed into didn’t hold much.

I made it all the way through dinner, which was difficult with water, iced tea, and coffee, but after dinner I knew I would have to get to a bathroom right then. I ran down the hall, little leaks finding there way out from my sprinting, and careened into the nearest bathroom.

Once I was on the toilet, my urine sprayed out in a strong jet, hitting the water with so much force, I was pretty sure people outside the bathroom could hear.

My roommate told me she was going out after dinner, so when I got back to my dorm, she was already gone. I used this opportunity to satisfy my nagging urge that had been building throughout the day.

I settled myself onto my bed and took off my wet pants and thong, got out my bullet vibrator, turned it on to a high setting, and ground my clit against it. I was already dripping wet and I came almost instantly, dropping my vibrator on the floor as I cupped my hand over my mouth to keep myself quiet.

I rode the orgasm as long as possible, my pleasure mounting the longer my clit throbbed.

It was the perfect end to a wildly adventurous day, and even though I didn’t plan this experience, I was grateful in the end that it happened. I vowed to set up more tough situations like this one in the future and I certainly did, but those are all stories for another day.
