Inside Ken's Head
	A Narrative
Author: Anonymous (1996'01)

I would like to tell you about two people whom I know very well. Ken and his lovely wife Susan.

Ken is a sort of big hard driving kind of guy whose bark is almost always worse than his bite. His wife Susan is a sweet sexy person and a knockout to look at. I sometimes wonder how Ken wound up with a prize like Susan. Susan has a body that would make most men's mouths water, with a set of breasts that are some of the finest seen on the planet.

Ken's body is not much to look at, but Susan, in that sweet way of hers seems to like it and is always telling Ken how soft and warm it is in bed. Susan seems to love to snuggle up to Ken at night and is appreciative of the fact that Ken does also. Susan is successful at almost everything she does and is a first class homemaker and mother to her two children. I suspect that Ken tends to take her for granted basically because he has it so good at home.

With some couples, love wears thin after 13 years of marriage, but in my opinion, I see Ken's love for Susan growing stronger with each passing day. After some years of marriage, a husband's sex drive seems to taper off and Ken's sex drive has waxed and waned through the years, but for some reason, he has been feeling like a horny teenager over the last several months. In fact, he can not seem to get Susan's sexuality off his mind and thinks of her constantly, usually to the effect of producing a hardon. You see, Susan is a steaming volcano of sexuality, and Ken feels that there is no one person in the world like her.

Since I live inside of Ken's head, I could tell you some stories as to how deep his love and lust for Susan is and I suspect that Susan feels the same way. I think that Ken would like to share some fantasies with Susan and perhaps act them out. Perhaps the next time we speak, I will tell you about some of these fantasies. They would make interesting reading.

I guess that it was equal amounts of lust and love that attracted Ken to Susan. Ken had just come out of a bad marriage and was living by himself. Susan was at the end of a bad marriage and waiting for her divorce. Even though Ken was living alone, he was thinking about women almost all the time. Ken wanted to pick up his life where it left off and was looking for a woman who was perhaps a bit older than he was, and had kids of her own. Ken also wanted a very sexually experienced lady who had few inhibitions as Ken can be a bit on the kinky side when it comes to sex.

Susan was actually a young girl at that time although she did have two children of her own. Unbeknownst to Ken was the fact that Susan was an extremely sexually active young woman who had known many lovers and was experienced in sexual ways that Ken was not. Ken was at first attracted to Susan's beautiful body, especially her breasts.

Susan, you see, has large soft breasts with rosebud nipples that sit up high. It was these nipples showing through her tops that really turned Ken on. He would lay awake at nights and wonder how those nipples would taste in his mouth. He knew that they would be sweet!

As Susan's marriage disintegrated, Ken become her friend. The relationship went beyond friendship one evening at Susan's home when Ken and Susan became drunk and ended up in bed together. I can remember Susan saying to Ken that she wanted to try his cock on for size and I well remember the look of bliss on her face when Ken pushed his cock up into her pussy. Susan was impressed indeed! Ken was impressed also. Susan's pussy was the most loose and wet pussy that he ever was inside of and this thrilled him. He also got a chance to feel her breasts and taste her nipples. He could not keep his mouth off her nipples and they were indeed as sweet as he had imagined. To this very day, Ken can be sexually driven by the sight of Susan's gorgeous breasts and nipples.

Ken had never considered himself an especially good or accomplished lover but Susan seemed to feel that Ken was great. Needless to say, this was a boost to Ken's ego and fueled his driving desire to have Susan. As I have said, Ken was looking for a sexually experienced woman with a ready made family and Susan fit the profile. Although a bit on the young side, Susan was wise beyond her years and her sexual experience level was far beyond anything that Ken had encountered in his lifetime. It really did not matter much to Ken that Susan might not be the most faithful of wives. Ken was ready to share her if need be with an occasional lover and Susan never promised fidelity as it was not yet in her nature to do so.

Ken needed a wife, kids and a lover. Susan needed some stability, a provider and a regular lover. This seems to be what the initial relationship was built on. I believe that there was a large amount of love that would blossom later, but the original driving forces were personal needs and pure lust. Ken could not believe what he had found in Susan. She was young and uninhibited. She was extremely sensual and willing to try anything with Ken.

Ken is a person who is always fantasizing about sex and he had found someone to fulfill his fantasies. Susan at the time craved sex, and any kind of sex. She was equally adept at oral sex and anal sex as well as conventional sex. She was enthusiastic about kinky sex. Susan was and is a sexual goddess in every sense of the word and for a time the two of them acted like they invented sex and had to explore all of its possibilities.

I have noticed that their present relationship is almost a mirror image of what was going on when they were courting each other. It is real good to see this develop, because they had both gotten so busy with life in general and the kids interests that they have had no time for each other. I really believe they had forgotten how good sex could be and how good it could make them feel about everything else that is going on in their lives.

That Ken cared deeply for Susan at the beginning of their relationship, there was no doubt. That Ken was a sex crazed person was also never in doubt. Susan satisfied his every desire and in turn she was satisfied by Ken. Although very experienced, Susan had never been able to orgasm without helping herself to do it. Ken, in time was able to bring out the multi orgasmic nature in Susan through long sessions where he would eat her pussy and tongue her clitty. When it happened, Susan would orgasm with such force that her legs would almost crush Ken with her involuntary reactions. Ken was also able to have Susan achieve orgasm by way of conventional fucking. Susan always maintained that this is because Ken has a large cock and is able to hit spots in her that have never been reached by any other lovers. Today, Susan reaches orgasm easily.

It is difficult to believe some of the sexual adventures that these two people had together. Susan would give Ken blow jobs while Ken was driving a car. Ken would even help the process and shoot his cum into Susan's mouth while he tried to concentrate on the road. Susan would sometimes ride along topless in the car at night. She even got bold enough to do it several time during the day and I know people on the road could see her. Ken always thought that passing motorists were saying "look at that, she's topless and by God it looks like she is giving that guy a blow job!" 

Ken knew that other guys who saw this would be envious that they were not the ones getting sucked off by the luscious topless lady in the car! Many times Ken used to play with Susan's pussy while driving. Susan would often wear a skirt with no panties so that Ken could easily do this. Ken would finger Susan's clitty until it was hard and her pussy was wet. He would then use the wetness of her pussy to lubricate her asshole and when is was slick, he would push a finger into her asshole and another one into her pussy. Susan loved this and would squirm in the seat with pleasure. It gave Ken a thrill to be able to drive down the road with two fingers inside of Susan. He always joked to her that she fit him like a glove!

Susan and Ken had other exciting sexual adventures while they were dating. It seemed like sex was the only thing that they thought about. Susan wanted more and more and Ken was happy to accommodate her. You see, Susan wanted to explore the limits of Ken's sexual experience and fantasies. Susan had some fantasies of her own that she was afraid to share with her previous lovers.

Susan would come over to Ken's house every Friday night and they would immediately take off their clothes and climb into Ken's fold away bed. For the next several hours they would suck each other in the classic 69 position, Ken would nibble and suck on Susan's large breasts and they would French kiss deeply. Susan turned out to be an expert in oral sex. She would lick and suck Ken's always hard cock until Ken could not stand it any more. She would also take his balls into her mouth and suck on them. Ken would lick her clitty and drive his tongue into her deep wet pussy.

Susan always said that Ken's tongue was like a small cock. One night, Ken added a twist to this. He began to drop his tongue out of Susan's pussy and into her asshole. At first Susan was startled because she had never had this done to her before. She immediately learned to like it and to this day, she says that it is very relaxing for her. It is always a turn on for Ken to do this.

Ken was always surprising Susan sexually. There was the first time when Susan was on her period and told Ken that he probably would not like to eat her pussy that night. Ken however told her that he thought that it would be exciting. With that, he pulled out her tampon and began to eat her. Yes it was bloody, but Ken loved it. Susan told him that he might be a vampire what with the way he was lapping up her red pussy. She began to enjoy it also but could not believe that Ken was this kinky. She wondered just how kinky he really was as there seemed to be no limit to what he would do to her sexually.

Susan had always wanted to watch a man jerk himself off but of all her past lovers, no one was willing to do this for her. She knew that Ken was kinky, but she did not think that he would do this for her. I have to tell you, Ken is a masturbation expert! Little did Susan know that he would be thrilled by her request. When she asked, Ken had a big grin on his face and told her definitely, he would.

Susan was amazed and sat on the bed mesmerized as Ken took his large cock in his hand and began to pump it up and down. Susan became excited at watching this display and she began to play with her pussy. Susan was also an expert in getting herself off and had years of practice. Ken pumped away until he was ready to come. With a groan, long, hot jets of cum burst from his cock and splattered the bed. Some of it landed on Susan's legs and belly. She could not believe it!

After Ken stopped cumming she reached down and scooped up some of the cum in her hand and rubbed it all over her titties. It was Ken's turn to be amazed. He had only seen this done in X rated porno movies and now here was his lover doing it before his eyes. Susan continued to rub the cum on her tities then she put a cum covered finger to her month and licked it. "Oh, this is tasty she said as she licked every last drop. Ken just looked at her not believing what he had just seen. Boy, what a dream!

Have you ever had a dream that was so real that you would swear that you actually experienced it? This happened to Ken the other night. Ken's dream of course involved the sexy antics of his beautiful and luscious wife Susan. As I previously hinted, Ken can have some kinky ideas about sex, but Susan has proven just as kinky or even more so than Ken. Because of this, Ken has no need to dream of other women, Susan is more woman than Ken can imagine existing anywhere else, and so he dreams............

Ken had just gotten out of the shower and had finished getting dressed for work when he came into the kitchen. Susan was sitting on top of a counter wearing nothing but a cut off tee shirt that barely covered her large titties and a pair of brief panties. Susan had painted her lips a ruby red as well as coloring her nipples the same color so they showed through her tee shirt.

Susan had her hand down on her pussy and was jerking off. Ken almost dropped over with surprise as he thought that Susan was asleep in bed and he did not wish to disturb her. He watched as Susan rubbed her clitty and pushed a finger inside of her panties. The finger disappeared into her cunny only to be withdrawn and licked clean by Susan. She was a quite a sight, rubbing her sticky fingers over her lovely lips and tongue.

She looked at Ken and said "I am so horny that I had to do something about it. Would you like to watch?" by this time, Ken had a hard on that was threatening to burst out of his pants. He could not believe the treat that Susan was giving him. Susan was rubbing her pussy and making soft moaning sounds. "Come here" she said. Ken wasted no time. "I want you to suck my pussy."

Ken got down on his knees and began to explore Susan's pussy with his tongue through her panties. His hands went to her full tits with hard and erect nipples. Ken could not believe how wet she was! Her pussy juice was oozing out of her like a small river. Ken loves the taste of pussy and in no time Susan's panties were soaked. This is where the unusual happened.

As Ken was licking her pussy, Susan decided to pee. Ken had his mouth on her pussy and received a spray that dribbled from his mouth down on his shirt. Susan kept up the warm flow for almost 30 seconds until it stopped. Needless to say, Ken was a mess as was the floor in the kitchen. Susan looked at Ken and said "I never meant to make a mess on you. you have to go to work! But now that you are a mess, let's have some fun!"

"I want to see you wet your pants!"

This blew Ken away as wet sex is one of his favorites, as it is for Susan. Ken stood up and Susan placed her hand on his cock as Ken began to wet his pants. Susan felt the warm pee and moaned. She then placed her mouth on Ken's cock through his pants. She apparently wanted a taste of his golden liquid. After Ken had stopped pissing, Susan unzipped Ken's pants and took out his 8 inch rock hard cock. She wrapped her ruby red lips around the tip of his cock and began to orally play with it. Susan could taste the pee that remained and Ken even squirted a little directly into her mouth with no complaint. Susan sucked and tongued Ken's cock for at least five minutes until Ken could stand no more. He had to cum.

"I want to watch you jerk off. After all you got to watch me, now it's my turn." Ken quickly grabbed his cock and began to pump it with his right hand. His left hand was on Susan's breast. Susan kept up a steady stream of sexy talk and in no time Ken was ready to explode. Susan, sensing this, placed her mouth right at the tip of Ken's cock. As Ken exploded his cum, Susan opened her mouth and sucked it all in. She held it in her mouth until Ken was finished then she let his cum out, letting it dribble from her mouth and down on her titties. She looked absolutely delicious covered with Ken's cum. The sight of his cum on her lips was enough to get Ken hard again, but Susan reminded him that since he was now a mess, he had to get another shower and new clothing. Susan wiped herself off and went back to bed without showering.

Ken was late for work that day and gave his staff some lame excuse that they did not for one minute believe, and all day Ken was getting sly smiles. Ken went to work in a very good mood and got a lot of work done, and he was very nice to his staff. Susan called at 11 AM to tell Ken that she was doing housework in her wet panties and cut off tee shirt, and boy was she sticky all over, but not to worry, she would get a shower before she came in to work. She only wished that it was a golden shower from her lover. Ken loved it!

It's nice to dream about your wife...

