Accidents: A How-To Manual (part 2)

Author: Accidental Tourist (1996'05) P#010

The following is a continuing true account of my attempts to have deliberate bathroom accidents. I know that a deliberate accident is an oxymoron; nevertheless I have had some limited success in achieving this. If descriptions of peeing in one's pants bother you, or if you are a minor, please stop reading this now.

Chapter 2: Indianapolis to Somewhere in Iowa

I stopped in Indianapolis, cruised around for a laundromat, and washed my pissy shorts and towels. Then I looked up some friends with whom I'd arranged to spend the night. 

The next morning I woke up, feeling like perhaps my quest for a true accident wasn't worth the trouble. I had been so uncomfortable before I pissed myself the previous day, and in the end although my pants wetting had been intentional anyway, I still had to clean up after myself. What was the point?

So I decided that I wouldn't go to any such extreme measures today. No water- or Pepsi-loading, no exercises to make my bladder stretch or shrink. I'd just start driving, and if I had to pee, I'd decide then whether to stop or not.

I started out driving along I-70. I did drink some coffee to help me stay more alert. To my surprise, I made it all the way across Illinois to the Mississippi, before I really felt I had to pee much at all. By this time my spirits were revived, and I was wondering what to do; I was going to stay with another friend in Omaha that evening, and if I were to have my accident, it had to happen in Iowa somewhere, but at this rate I probably wouldn't have to pee all day. I made a fateful decision, to start drinking lots of liquids in an attempt to see if I couldn't force the issue to decide itself.

It was nearing 1 pm, I had to go pretty badly, but I was not at a crisis point yet. But I also was getting hungry for lunch. I decided to stop at a rest area. I filled up both canteens with some nasty, sulfurous water, and bought a Pepsi. I sat down at a picnic table and ate, washing my sandwiches down with large gulps of liquid. It was all I could do at this point to resist going into the bathroom to relieve myself. I knew that I would feel more comfortable when I got back on the road. At last I finished my lunch, refilled my canteens (again) and started out.

I was getting father and farther west, and the exits were father apart now. Still, I was surprised that the next rest area (40 miles) came and went, and still my bladder was holding on. I began to fantasize about a situation which was a bit more realistic as far as accidents were concerned. As the driver, I had a choice about whether to pull over, take an exit, etc. A passenger wouldn't have that choice. So at each exit that I passed, I pretended that I was a passenger, asking me why I hadn't gotten off there, and begging me to take the next one.

My extreme need to pee was now taking on some new dimensions, somehow. The pain wasn't any worse, but the urgency was increasing, a feeling that it wasn't discomfort which would drive me to stop and pee, but a simple inability to hold on much longer. This was a different feeling than yesterday. It wasn't a "weakening" of my bladder muscles that I was experiencing either, rather a sensation that the muscle holding my urethra closed was slowly becoming permeable and that I would begin to "leak" soon. I noticed that I was running my tongue back and forth across my teeth, in an effort to aid my concentration.

Another exit came and went and I suddenly realized that this was it. Somehow I knew that I needed to take the next exit. In actuality, though I didn't realize it yet, my failure to take the previous exit had doomed me to wetting my pants. My urethra felt hot. I squirmed in my seat, and counted off the 3 or so miles until the exit. Here came the exit ramp. As I drove up it, a small amount of urine involuntarily escaped. I looked down, but there was no visible sign on my shorts, but I realized with a thrill that there was no way I could have prevented that release.

There was a stop sign at the top of the exit ramp, and a cluster of buildings right there: what looked like a repair shop for farm equipment, and a house. I couldn't very well stop here and pee! I turned right, since the sign at the top of the ramp pointed to a town to the left. The road ahead of me disappeared over a hill. I drove toward the hill, wondering whether I was looking for a place to stop and pee, or a place to turn around and get back on the interstate. 

As I crested the hill, and realized how steeply it descended on the other side, I moved my foot from the gas to the brake, and that's when I began to wet my pants. There was no dramatic burst, no gasp, no release, no decision to give up and let go. It was as if the urine had a mind of its own and decided at that moment to come out. I felt the familiar vibration of the turbulence of the urine as it flowed through my urethra; I looked down and watched as the wet patch spread across my lap. I tried to regain control, but my muscle simply wouldn't respond; it was already clamped down as hard as it could on the exit of my bladder, but the urine was simply forcing itself out, unstoppably; bladder control was irrelevant in this situation. I was having a real accident!

I probably peed for around a minute and then the flow slowed to a stop. I was still driving, looking now for a field road or somewhere else I could safely pull off to change. I was still in a state of disbelief, trying to come to terms with what had just happened — I had pissed in my pants, and there hadn't been a damn thing I could do to stop it. I saw a small, little used dirt road which ran along a creek, and I pulled off onto it. I drove about a hundred yards, around a bend and parked under a cottonwood tree. I got out of the car and walked around to the other side, out of possible view of the road. My shorts were sopping wet; excess pee dripped off them and down my legs, wetting the ground. I knew I had to pee some more, so I began — this time the piss flowed out into my pants with some force. I was amazed at how much urine was inside me; I peed again for a solid minute. I forced every last drop out and finally was spent, and I began the process of getting cleaned up.

I changed my shorts and underwear, putting my sopping things (and the towels which protected the car seat) into a plastic trash bag. I shook out the plastic seat cover until it was more or less dry, and folded it up, placing it in the truck with the wet things. Then I turned the car around and headed back to the interstate, "flush" with my success. 
