Penny's Pleasure (part 2)

Author: Ant (1996'05)

Penny and I only get to see each other on the weekends. She goes to school about an hour and a half away. All week on the phone we talk about all the fun pee games we're going to have when we see each other. I can feel the bulge in my pants start to grow as she tells me what she was doing in the bathroom before. I close my eyes and press the phone closer to my ear, trying to put pictures to the words Penny is saying.

"I was late for my class after lunch so I didn't have time to stop in the bathroom. About half way through I started to notice just how full my bladder was."

I started to rub my crotch through my jeans as Penny spoke to me.

"After class I ran back to my apartment as fast as I could. I felt a few drops drip out as I got my key in the door. It felt like I was going to explode but I was getting so turned on at the same time."

I wished I could have been there with her.

"I ripped all my cloths off and ran to the toilet. I sat down and opened my legs real wide."

Her voice was comming in shorter breathes now. I could tell her fingers were busy on the other side of the phone.

"I pressed lightly on my bladder just to feel the pressure. I started to run my fingers all the way down my belly until I felt how wet my pussy was."

Penny is so hot when she masturbates. I could see her in my head sitting naked on the pot rubbing herself off.

"My finger slid in so easy. I pushed all the way up until I felt my bursting bladder. And then I started to pee! A stream of hot pee shot all over my hand as I fingered my pussy! I stopped the stream in mid flow so I could rub the wetness all over my pussy and ass."

I couldn't take it any more. I pulled my pants down and grabbed hold of my hard cock.

"I cupped my hand right under my pussy and went right in it. Then I rubbed the piss all over my tits."

I stroked my cock faster with every word.

"Then I pressed my hand hard against my pee hole and let loose. The piss squirted through my fingers and all over my tummy and ass."

I felt the cum swelling in my balls, wanting to shoot out. I could tell she was just about ready too.

"I... I think I'm gonna cum now Ant... ohh... ohh...."

Penny moaned as her orgasm hit her.

"Now... now... ohhhh!!"

Just then my cum shot straight up and landed on my stomach.

"That was wonderful!" Penny cooed. "I have a suprise for you this weekend. I think your gonna love it.

The rest of the week passed by so slow. It felt like Friday took forever to get here. I waited for Penny at the train station with my usual Friday gift for her, a big bottle of water. When she got off the train I could see her wicked smile across the station. She ran up to me and jumped in my arms, giving me a big hug. She whispered in my ear "I sure hope I can make it back to your place. I've been holding it in since 1:00."

I knew then she had to pee bad. Five hours is alot for her little bladder.

"But I'll take some water anyway."

What a little trooper! After we got back to my house, Penny told me to get undressed and wait for her in the bathroom. I took everything off and stepped into the tub, wondering what she had planned. A minute later Penny walked in wearing nothing but a pair of real short cut offs.

"I always wanted to pee out of the leg of shorts and if I get it all over them... oh well...."

Her voice was low and seductive. She stepped in and stood above me. I was on my knees.

"I want to see you jerk off for me."

I grabbed my meat and started rubbing it slowly, waiting for the golden shower.

"Get ready, I think it's coming!"

She moved the side of the shorts out of the way so I could see her little hairless pussy peeking out. The first drops dribbled out, wetting the inside of the shorts, making a dark blue patch. As the flow grew stronger it shot out the side and all over my cock, hand and stomach. Penny started to rotate her hips so the gold would hit me all over.

"It feels so good to let go. There is so much in me."

Then I got a great idea. I stood up and put my cock right inside the leg of the shorts so her pee went all over it and the inside of the shorts."

That feels so good! You're right against my clitty!"

I started pushing back and forth on her peeing pussy. Just as her flow started to slow down I started to cum. We held each other real close, both pushing, trying to get off. My cum shot out, mixing with the pee and pussy juice already in the shorts.

"That was so exciting," Penny said. "Think we could ever top that?"

"After we shower off, start drinking some more," I said. "I want to try somthing later."

And that's another story...

