Revenge on my landlord

Copyright 2018 Kaylee Kennicott

My head was deep inside another cardboard box when I heard Esther coming up the stairs. I surveyed the piles of detritus around me; I had hoped to get more accomplished while she was at work but this new apartment was short on storage space and there were fewer places to actually unpack all this stuff. We really needed a few more shelving units.

But Esther waved an envelope at me as she entered. “It arrived!” she crowed. “Finally!”

“The security deposit?”

“Yep. I expect that asshole deducted a few hundred just because, but that’ll still leave us with a grand if we’re lucky. We can get some new furniture this weekend!”

“Why don’t you open it first?” I cautioned. After the horrible experiences we had with this landlord, I wasn’t so certain that our security deposit would be intact.

Esther’s indignant squawk when she ripped it open indicated that I was right.

“What the fuck?” she said. Then she started yelling it. “What the actual everlasting fuck?!”

This was the moment I was dreading. “How much did we get back?”

Fire danced in her eyes as she turned to me. “Nineteen dollars,” she spit.

“Nineteen...?”

“NINETEEN,” she repeated firmly. “Out of our initial $1200 security deposit.”

“That’s...not even 2% of what we originally spent.”

“This is BULLSHIT,” she declared. “Do you remember when we first moved in to that place? He claimed he hired cleaners before we arrived but it took me a weefe to scrub the floor down until it was what I’d consider habitable. Remember how much trash and broken furniture WE had to move out of there? And how the fridge was unplugged but also full of rotting food in the middle of summer for who knows how long?”

“Oh, I remember,” I said. I had been the one to clean it, with gloves and bleach and a clothespin to shut my nose against the smell. “Only time in my life I’ve ever wished I had a hazmat suit.”

“And all the tiny stupid little upkeep and repairs that we did because the landlord flat-out refused to? You were the one who fixed the broken doorknob. You were the one who buffed and polished the wooden floors after the last tenants scratched the hell out of it. You were the one who patched the torn window screens and fixed the sink garbage disposal and spackled that crack in the bedroom. He ignored all of our maintenance requests, and now he has the gall to steal our entire security deposit?”

“I’m not surprised,” I said dryly. “What did he cite as the deductions, anyway?”

Esther shook out the itemized list with a flourish. “Get a load of this. Repairing holes in walls and repainting — $200. Pfft, we fixed all the holes when we moved in, no thanks to him. Idiot. Floor damage - $600. Again, that’s insane considering that you put a lot of work into polishing it. Carpet cleaning -- $325.”

“Carpet?” I interrupted. “What carpet? We didn’t even have carpeted floors in our apartment.”

“We had one carpeted area,” Esther said viciously. “The staircase landing.”

“What? That tiny patch? It’s like, one square foot. There’s NO WAY that cost $300 to clean.”

“Of course it didn’t,” she said. “He just tried every possible excuse to rip us off.”

The rest of the deductions were similarly idiotic: citing damage to a kitchen cabinet, broken tiles in the bathroom, and lots of ordinary wear and tear which can’t be legally deducted, and also wasn’t our fault.

After reviewing the list, we sat down wearily among our unpacked boxes which still filled the living room.

“I was hoping for something, at least,” Esther said, now fighting off tears. “Just a little something to get us some new furniture, maybe a nice meal...we deserved that money back. It was outright stolen.”

“So, what are our possible counter-actions?” I asked her. “Do we fight it? We have pictures of the apartment when we first moved in, don’t we? And also of the work we put into it?”

“Yeah, of course,” she sniffed. “You were so excited about all that floor polishing that you uploaded all the pictures to a Facebook album, remember?”

“So what do we do? How do we get the money back? How do we prove he stole it?”

After some internet research, we were even more discouraged about our position. We could potentially bring it to court and fight him, but first we had to cough up $ 150 for a filing fee, and then another surcharge of $70 for the sheriff’s office so they could send him the court summons. And then it might take up to two months for us to meet him in court, and we would have to represent ourselves with all the evidence at our disposal. This asshole owned several properties and had a lawyer on his payroll - chances were good he could defend himself or potentially worm through loopholes that we couldn’t refute with our limited understanding of the law.

Frankly, we didn’t have the time - or the money - or the energy - to fight it.

Esther glumly said, “He probably just stole our money, used it to renovate the place, and then listed it for a higher rent.”

“You’re probably right,” I said. I was angry enough that I took out my phone and navigated to a few apartment rental websites looking to see if it had been listed. Once I found it, it took a few moments for me to realize that it was indeed the same address. The photos of the inside looked completely different from the apartment we had inhabited.

“You ARE right,” I said bitterly, and I turned the screen toward Esther so she could see: the kitchen cabinets he claimed had to be repaired had in fact all been ripped out and replaced with brand new fixtures. The appliances were all shiny, and still sealed in plastic. The place had been completely repainted, and sections of the floor had been ripped out and replaced with tile or updated flooring. The little carpeted section he lied about having steam-cleaned was completely gone.

Esther was practically breathing fire as she clicked through each picture, but when she exited the photo viewer and caught sight of the rental price, her eyes bugged out of her skull and she stood up suddenly.

“Think he bothered to change the locks?” she said, feigning a casual attitude belied by her clenched fists.

“A better question is whether he fixed the latch on the kitchen window,” I said, pocketing my keys and standing up with her. “Why don’t we go find out?”

###

Our old apartment wasn’t far; walking through residential streets got us there in 20 minutes.

Esther was amped up by the time we got there. She had muttered nonstop the entire walk and even though we didn’t have a plan of action, I was a little concerned that she would do something regrettable: like confront the landlord himself, if she passed him on the street.

So once we were in the old neighborhood, I steered her away to our favorite corner store where, I was certain, our friend Walter was staffing the counter tonight.

“Let’s take a minute to get a snack and strategize,” I said soothingly. This corner store stocked a particular brand that we couldn’t get elsewhere - I thought that I could at least distract her with her favorite candy and we could go home having accomplished something.

Walt was surprised and pleased to see us. “Hey, guys! What are you doing here? Back for more gummy frogs?”

“Ooh!” Esther’s eyes lit up. “Yes. I want those.”

She bustled off to the back and I leaned over the counter to bump Walt’s fist. “Hey man. Good to see you again.”

“Same, same. You folks enjoying the new place?”

“Yeah, it’s great! Our landlord is way better than the last one.”

“Oh, I get that, dude. You wouldn’t believe the shit I’ve been hearing recently. You know he renovated your old apartment? Every day I had contractor guys coming in here for coffee and they couldn’t stop complaining about him.” Walt ticked off his fingers as he spoke. “He was late on payments, demanded changes that hadn’t been approved, expected them to work faster when he wasn’t paying them enough to hire more guys, ripped them off on a couple of items...by all accounts it sounds like he’s been a total jerk.”

“That sounds about right/’ I said bitterly. “We just got our security deposit back. That is, we got a check for about $20. He pocketed the rest of our $1200.”

Walter’s eyes got huge. “What the fuck man,” he breathed. “How could he justify that? You guys were good tenants. I remember when you came in and showed me those pictures of the floor polishing you did during that long weekend. You were so proud.”


“He can’t justify it,” Esther said, rejoining us with her arms full of gummy frogs and one hand holding a massive 64oz styrofoam cup of coffee with, if I knew her, was topped up with about 10 single-serving hazelnut creamers and 6 packets of sugar. Her usual.

Walt sighed. “Man, that sucks. I feel for you guys.” He rang up all the gummy frogs, but didn’t scan the oversized coffee - just winked at Esther and let her take it for free.

“Thanks, Walt!” she said, already sipping on it. “I just wish there was some way we could get back at him for everything he did. At this point, there’s no chance we’re going to get that money back...we don’t want a drawn-out court battle. Ideally, I’d like to never see that asshole’s face again.”

Walt looked pensive. “You know, I might have an idea. But I don’t want to give it away yet. Can you leave your phone number? I can give you a buzz later this week after I talk to someone.”

“Oh, sure,” I said, writing it down immediately on the back of the receipt and handing it over. “On a slightly different note...you got any of those prerolls on you?”

Walt smirked. “What do you think?”

There was no one else in the store, so Walt and I did our familiar dance: I handed him some cash, he passed over a tiny bag, and I saluted him as we exited. “Thanks, man. Good to see you again!”

Just down the street was a grassy park - empty at this time of night - so I waited until we got there before pulling out the joint I had just purchased. On a night like this, with tension running high, I thought Esther (and myself) could use a little weed to mellow us out.

“Glad I got this,” Esther said, lifting the 64oz cup in the air. “I need something to sip on if we’re gonna smoke.”

By the time the joint burned out, both of us were feeling looser and more relaxed. We snuggled together on a park bench. Esther steadily ate through a bag of gummy frogs, offering one to me periodically.

“I’m less angry now,” she said finally. “But I do still want to see the old place.”

So we got up and skulked around to the side of our old building. I boosted Esther up to the fire escape and she wormed through the kitchen window on the second story, as we had done a half-dozen times during our tenancy there. That latch still wasn’t fixed.

Then she came around and let me in by the front door. We left the lights off, to avoid suspicion, but with the streetlights outside and our phone flashlights, we had a pretty good view of the inside layout.

And it was, of course, completely different from the shitty apartment we had lovingly tended. After years of ignoring our maintenance requests, the landlord pocketed our deposit and renovated the place using our money.

“Douchebag,” Esther muttered, and she kicked the newly-installed dishwasher hard enough to dent it.

I was similarly in a vindictive mood. Even though I was stoned, part of me had clenched up as soon as we walked in the door so that I was feeling tight and angry and eager to retaliate. I wanted to rip up this flooring with my bare hands, kick the cabinet doors off their hinges, leave behind an unbearable mess...

But just then, Esther set her enormous cup down carefully on the hardwood floor and said, “Just a sec babe, I gotta pee something fierce. Wanna check out the bathroom with me?”

“Wait!” I said, one hand out to stop her. She looked at me curiously. “I have an idea,” I gulped.

It would be easier to show than to explain what I had in mind.

I yanked open a bunch of lower cabinets near the floor and opened up every drawer in the kitchen at waist level.

At this point, we got our tiny deposit back. Our business relationship with the landlord was over. The condition of the house as we left it had been documented. There’s no way this could be traced back to us.

With Esther watching (and bouncing a little with her own need to pee) I unzipped my pants, pulled out my cock, and - after a moment of coaxing — began to piss in the middle of the kitchen.

At first I let it puddle on the floor, but after a moment I swung around and directed the stream straight into one of the empty kitchen drawers.

My piss pelted the wood, making a surprisingly loud drumming sound, before it swirled up and the level rose inside the drawer, muting the noise. I moved onto the next one in the row, and another, before pointing my dick towards the open cabinets and spraying them with a final few spurts.

“Oooh,” I groaned involuntarily - then glanced at Esther, who stared at me fixedly.

“Whoa,” she said. “That’s your idea, huh?”

“Yeah,” I grimaced. “Too much?”

I looked back at the pee dribbling down the cabinets and leaking out of the improperly sealed drawers. “A little late to take it back now.”

“I wouldn’t want you to,” she said delicately. “Hey babe, remember how we always suspected that the floor was slanted?”

“Yeah...”

“Shall I test it?” she asked, and I realized then that she was standing at the highest point in the living room.

At my encouragement, Esther squatted down in the corner of the room and peeled her panties aside. In the darkness, I couldn’t see her stream but I heard it patter on the floor. She sighed deeply. “Oh wow, I really had to go.”

Something about the idea of my girlfriend squatting in the dark and making a retaliatory mess, right here and now, was making me feel hot and prickly. My cock, still hanging out of my pants, was getting stiff.

I guess I had expected her to be a little shy and reserved about it. Maybe to be coy and embarrassed. But instead she was wantonly peeing in the middle of our old living room, without any hint of shame. She got low to the ground and pissed there like she deserved to. Like she owned it.

Then I realized that we were correct: the floor was slanted. By the light of the streetlamp coming through the window, I could see the shimmering puddle sloping across the floor of the living room.

“A lot is going into the cracks between the floorboards/’ Esther commented. “But otherwise...wow, it’s getting everywhere.”

She was still pissing.

I was starting to wonder how much room was in that petite bladder of hers, because she was storing a lot more fluid than me. Granted, she had been chugging an enormous drink. And it was only half empty.

“Let me have some of that,” I prompted, when she was finally done sighing and relieving herself on the floor.

She stood up, arranged her clothing, and handed over the styrofoam cup. “Just leave some for me.”

“The taps work fine,” I commented, sipping while I tested the kitchen sink. “It doesn’t spray annoyingly all over the place like it used to.”

“Asshole,” Esther muttered, but she lowered her head and drank deeply from the faucet until her chin and neck were dripping.

We investigated the rest of the apartment while we waited for the liquid to move through us.

The bedroom had a fresh coat of paint and entirely new flooring, and the closet had been refinished and carpeted.

“I’m making a mental note of that for later,” Esther said grimly, eyeing the brand-new plushy carpet. Meanwhile I was taking special note of the new heater covers: the old ones had sharp edges, so we were constantly barking our legs on them and getting cut up. We had asked him to replace them for months. Now he finally had.

The bathroom was completely renovated: all-new tile covered the floor, the shower and sink and toilet were brand-new, and the cabinet was one I didn’t recognize.

But Esther was the one who noticed the issue in the hallway.

“Look at this!" she said, pointing to a blotch that I didn’t notice in the dim light. “There never used to be a hole here, was there?”

I leaned in. “No,” I said slowly. “Nor this one, over here. That’s new.”

We looked at each other. “I think someone else — like the workers themselves - made these new holes in the wall,” she said. “And then the landlord charged us for it.”

“Fuck that,” I said, peering closer. “It’s a sloppy job, too.”

“Yeah, not even as good as the ones you did for the holes in the bedroom,” she observed.

“I bet if I...” I pressed into a soft spot and the whole thing crumbled, opening the hole up again. With satisfaction on her face, Esther did the same with the second.

I took my cock out.

The holes were nearly the size of my fist: more than large enough to stick the head of my cock inside the opening and let loose a stream of urine all over the inner wall. Esther gasped and then laughed when she realized what I was doing. Her hands were raised to her mouth.

“Oh my god/’ she giggled. “How are they ever going to clean that up?”

I tightened up to cut off my flow, reserving the rest for the second hole.

Esther watched with delight as I repeated the same gesture as before: putting my cock to the mouth of the opening in the wall, relaxing until the piss flowed through me, and relieving myself all over the interior.

This time, I let it gush out until my bladder was completely empty. A little shiver ran through me to the top of my skull.

“Damn," Esther commented, still watching. “That’s kinda hot. In all the times I’ve brushed my teeth in the bathroom while you took a leak, I’ve never realized that it’s kinda sexy to watch you piss.”

Now I shivered in a slightly different way, and took a step towards her.

“Wait wait wait,” she said, dancing out of my reach. “I’ve been straight chugging this and I also really need to go. Where do you think...?”

“I think,” I said, getting as close as she’d allow in her desperation and murmuring against her ear, “that I’d like to watch you soak that carpet.”

“Come on, then,” she said, taking my hand and pulling me to the bedroom in her haste.

Watching from behind, letting myself be pulled, I marveled at her: her pert, bouncing ass; her feminine body with its tiny but resilient bladder; the clear need for her relief; and her deep desire to gush all over that clean white carpet.

She was so goddamn sexy in this moment.

Esther dropped my hand as soon as she got to the closet, already gasping, “I really have to go.”

She barely managed to get her clothing clear before she started spraying wildly. Her pee surged out and spread fanlike before narrowing into a point as she squatted down. She groaned deeply. I watched the narrow jet soak the carpet just below her cunt.

“Spread it around,” I suggested. “Maybe walk a little.”

Esther tried rising to a standing position, which only made her stagger, but that did exactly as recommended: still pissing even while she caught her balance, her pee arced out to another part of the floor. Then she did walk around, pacing in a circle, dribbling from her cunt with each step. My sexy, wet, spraying goddess.

I was feeling like I still had a bit left in reserve so I moved out to the bedroom once Esther had finished. It was time to soak the heaters and radiators.

She followed me out, so I was ready to put on another show; but she surprised me by blushing and asking shyly, “Can I...aim it?”

“What, you want to hold my cock while I piss?”

She nodded, biting her lip. I just raised my hands away from my own cock in invitation for her to take it. She did, gently, closing her fingers around it until my dick was settled in her hand and pointed at the open vents.

“Ready?” I asked her, and she nodded.

As I relaxed, I could feel the movement and the buildup of fluid coursing through me before it erupted at the tip of my cock. Esther squeaked, then gripped me a little tighter, and cautiously began to waggle my limp pissing dick back and forth. Urine sprayed against the walls.

“You’re making me feel like a rotating sprinkler,” I joked as she swished me back and forth, still giggling at the arc’s movement.

“Then come this way,” she suggested, tugging me along the perimeter of the wall so that I bathed the whole length of the radiator covers as I pissed downward with each step.

Seeing how much Esther enjoyed this was getting me a little hard, and abruptly the flow cut off as my cock twitched.

“Awww,” she pouted, but her hand began to slide up and down, pumping me, and it was clear she knew the reason why.

“I’m not going to be able to get soft enough to empty my bladder if you keep doing that,” I teased, but she only smiled. “That’s okay. There’s one other thing I want to see...”

Pulling on my shirt to make me follow her, with one hand still gripping my dick, Esther led me back to the kitchen, where we had started.

“Remember this fridge?” she said, kicking the side of it.

“Could never forget it,” I said. “My lifelong enemy.”

“It really wouldn’t be fair, with all the work you put into making this appliance usable, for the next tenants to inherit it all beautiful and pristine, don’t you think?”

Esther pulled open the fridge door and yanked out all the drawers inside. “How about you jizz inside it?” she said casually. “Your nickname isn’t ‘cum fountain’ for nothing.”

“That’s never been my nickname,” I said. Though she had a point. I was a shooter.

“Oh, sorry,” she winked. “That’s just my private name for you. I guess I forgot to mention it.”

“Well, there’s one issue,” I said, standing widelegged in front of the open fridge and staring at the empty shelves inside. “I don’t find this thing very sexy. In fact it mostly reminds me of that horrible day spent cleaning it out.” My cock was drooping now, corroborating my statement.

“What can I do to help?” Esther asked, shimmying closer.

“Mmm...” I kissed her, then pulled back. “You don’t have anything left to pee, do you?”

“Maybe a little/’ she said coyly. “You like watching me too, huh?”

I pulled her in for another deep kiss. “I like watching your relief,” I murmured. “And your confidence. And...” I paused. “There is something thrilling about seeing you pee in a place where you’re not supposed to...”

“Somewhere like...here?” she asked, already clambering up on top of the kitchen counters. She squatted there with her panties pulled aside and her skirt high enough for me to see everything: her whole glistening cunt, the way she tensed with anticipation, the dew-like beads clinging to her soft pubic hair.

“Yes,” I breathed, already stroking my cock. With her groin at the level of my head, I had a perfect up-close view.

“I’m gonna pee, right here on this counter,” she threatened.

“Do it, then.”

With a little exhalation, the tiniest puff of a sigh, she peed.

Her satisfaction was on display: a dreamy smile, a release of tension. Seeing that — combined with the pee gushing from her and pattering against the brand-new countertops - was making me so hard it almost hurt.

It was a surprise to both of us when I took a step forward and, without even thinking about it, lowered my mouth to clamp it over her pissing pussy, so she continued evacuating straight into my open mouth.

Esther gasped, but didn’t stop: the flood continued, filling my cheeks and running down my throat, though it was rapidly dwindling. I sucked at her gently, craving more.

When I pulled away, Esther’s cheeks were pink and she kept her eyes locked on mine. “Oh my god,” she mouthed. Her own hand snaked between her legs to touch herself as she watched me beating off.

But that last little gesture, the intimacy of swallowing my girlfriend’s pee, of feeling her empty herself into my mouth, was all I had needed to tip me over the edge.

The fridge still stood wide-open: with a grunt, I shot my load all over the inside. It drizzled over the middle shelves; the second shot creamed the crisper drawer; and the last jet of ejaculate coated the inside of the fridge door.

Esther shut the door with satisfaction, though she couldn’t take her eyes off my leaking cock.

“That was hot,” she grinned.

I cleared my throat. “You’re telling me.”

After my erection subsided, I had one final piss before we left the apartment. I decided to just leak all over the new tile bathroom floor. It was strange, but thrilling, to stand just next to the toilet and deliberately urinate down on the ground.

Esther and I left the apartment via the fire escape, but we unlocked the front door and left it wide open before we exited. On our way home, we invited every drunk man and homeless person we passed to make use of the facilities we had just left behind, and provided an address with detailed directions for finding it.

The 64oz cup of coffee was empty; Esther tossed it in a trash can on the street, and we walked home hand-in-hand.

###

About a week later, I got a call from Walt. I had already forgotten that I’d given him my phone number.

“Hey man, I’ve got good news,” he said. “Well, good news, and also fun news. Did you hear that some kids broke into your old apartment and wrecked the shit out of it?”

“What!” I exclaimed, beckoning Esther over and putting it on speaker phone so she could listen in. “No. What happened?”

“Apparently,” Walt said with relish, “after he spent a fortune getting that thing renovated, he left the front door open or something. A neighbor found a bunch of teenagers in there getting high and chased them out, but that’s when they realized that the place was totally trashed. They like, pissed all over it and left a huge mess. And! Because it was on an upper story, it LEAKED down to the apartment below and totally ruined the bathroom and kitchen of the first floor apartment.”

Esther looked momentarily horrified. “Oh my gosh! Are they okay? Did it ruin any of their stuff?”

“No, not at all,” Walt said gleefully. “That’s the best part. It created a huge mess for the landlord, who has to pay to replace all of this, but everyone else thinks it’s so funny. The landlord not only has to renovate the first floor apartment AND redo your old one, but he has to pay to put up the existing tenants in a hotel until it’s finished! And the new tenants haven’t even moved in yet, but because they already signed a lease, he’s responsible for taking care of them too and paying for their housing!”

“Damn,” I said. “That’s actually...awesome. Did they catch the kids who did it?”

“Nah!" said Walt. “They scattered as soon as the neighbor appeared. But can you imagine! And you know what the landlord did in response to it?”

“What?”

“He sent out a notice to all the other apartments that he’s jacking up their monthly rent. By a lot,” Walt said grimly. “Now most of them can’t afford to stay on there anymore. And you know your old neighbor on the third floor? The older woman in the pantsuits who only came in to the corner store for black coffee and cigarettes?”

“Yeah?”

“Did you know she’s actually a housing lawyer?”

“No kidding!”

“Yeah, apparently this was the last straw for her too, and she’s been chronicling all the offensive things he’s done in the last year. Not only is she mobilizing the other tenants to fight the landlord in court, or else start a mass exodus when their leases are up, but after I told her about your situation she said she might be able to help!”

“Seriously? What kind of help?”

“She said that if you give her a call and tell her about the specifics of the situation, and send along any evidence you have, that she can send a letter to the landlord threatening legal action on your behalf. You don’t have to actually go to court, but you can put some pressure on, with some legal backing. At this rate, with all the money he’s lost recently, he won’t want to go to court and risk losing more.”

Walt gave me her phone number, brushing off our profuse thanks for his help. “It’s no problem, guys. I really liked seeing you around the neighborhood, and it’s a shame that you left because of this asshat. Feel free to come by the store again anytime.”

So Esther and I called the housing lawyer that very day. We hadn’t spoken to her much while we lived in the same building, but she was a practical, no-nonsense kind of woman who typically kept to herself and didn’t bother her neighbors.

She listened to our side of the story, then explained how she could help. “It’s obvious to me that you have a case against the landlord, and any lawyer on his side should see it as well. Using the information you provided, my plan is to compose a letter citing the grievances against him. Since it will come from our legal firm, on our stationary, it implies the threat that you have legal backing and willing representation. And if he knows that a lawyer like me is willing to take on the case of a couple young, poor, disenfranchised people, that lawyer believes there’s a damn good chance of winning the case. And that he will lose.”

“Now,” she continued, “if you did take this to the courtroom, and the judge ruled in your favor, you might win back three month’s worth of rent payments. You have receipts or check stubs, I assume?”

“Yes, we do.”

“Great. So that’s what we’re presenting: either he returns your security deposit, in full — or we will take him to court and sue him for three times that amount. If he has any sense, he’ll take the first option.”

We got off the phone with the lawyer, greatly cheered by the information she had given us. So it seemed that the world wasn’t totally cruelly set against people like us — we just needed the right advocates who could help us recover what we deserved.

“That’s a nice case of karma, huh?” Esther said, kissing me on the cheek. “We did a terrible thing, but it was against a terrible person, and now we’re getting rewarded for all the shit we put up with in the past!”

“I don’t know that I would have called it terrible," I murmured, moving to capture her lips with mine. “There were a few things about that night I wouldn’t mind revisiting...”

Esther shivered a little and kissed back, harder: wordlessly telling me that we felt the same way. I scooped her up, intending to carry her to the bedroom, but on second thought, headed for the tiled bathroom instead. It would be a little easier to clean up any messes in there.

Nine days later, the check arrived in the mail. It was our security deposit, returned in full.

