Jane's Roomate

Author: Anonymous (date unknown) E#000

Jane cleaned the floor and decided to have a bath. She made herself two cups of coffee and took these with her. It was 8 o'clock and she knew that Marcy, her roomate, wouldn't be back until at least 1130. Plenty of time for a good soak and a listen to the radio. She rolled herself a smoke and began to run the water, mixing in plenty of bubble bath. She switched on the bathroom radio and some soothing ambient sounds played from the local pirate station. She relaxed and lay back in the hot water, clouds of steam filling the small bathroom like a sauna. What an excellent orgasm, she thought. She had never done anything like that before. When it came to sex, Jane was as straight as they came; imaginative, yes, but nothing, well, filthy. Filthy. That was a good word for it. It was pretty disgusting, but perhaps that was just her background.

All her life she had been taught that bodily functions are not pleasant, so pissing your panties was right out. She vaguely remembered pissing her panties once when she was at school. It was summer, and the classrooms were boiling hot. It had been her sixteenth birthday five days before and that day, just like this, was spent revising for up coming O levels. It was a strange experience, not unpleasant, but she was made to feel stupid by the teacher for not being able to control herself.

Still, her dad had been cool about it, and went up to school and wiped the floor with the snotty cow. From that moment until she left when she was 18, she was never desperate for the toilet at school ever again, as all the teachers were only too happy to let her be excused. One strange incident had followed this though. A girl she had never really met found her at the end of the field on lunch time and asked her about it. At first Jane thought she was being funny or wanted to tease her about it, but the girl, Mandy, said that she wanted to know what it was like.

Mandy was nice looking, but for some reason Jane had never really noticed her before, maybe that was mainly because she was the quiet type, one of those who just get on with their work and always get decent marks. "Well, I was really desperate, like I was going to burst, and I had my legs squashed together, you know, trying to hold it back." "Yeah?" said Mandy, sitting down cross legged on the grass, her long black skirt billowing around her. "Then what happened?" "Umm... it's kind of embarrassing..." Jane stammered, blushing visibly.

Mandy took hold of Jane's hand and squeezed it. "It's okay Jane. The same thing happened to me at my old school, and I was embarrassed about it for ages. So I know what that bit's like."

Jane relaxed a little. "Well, it got to the point where I couldn't hold it anymore, and it just spirted out. It soaked my skirt then the chair then the floor. "Mandy stared at her for a moment. "Did you feel better? Relief?" "I suppose so, but I was so embarassed I never noticed." "What did you do about your clothes?" "I just got up and walked out of school and went home. Then my dad came up to school and gave the teacher a bloody good talking to. She was terrified of him." They chatted for a bit longer, then the bell went and they went back inside. What Jane never knew was that the grass where Mandy had been sitting was soaking wet. Back in the present, Jane was still soaking and smoking. Smoking a joint in the bath has to be one of the best pleasures of all, she thought. By now she was feeling quite relaxed, and a little high. She wondered suddenly if Mandy asked her about pissing herself because she secretly enjoyed it, just like Jane. Then she found herself wondering if Marcy did it.

Her roomate was small, 26, and originally hailed from Watertown, New York state. She had visited England with her parents (who were old friends of Jane's parents, but they emigrated before Jane was born). When they met, they got on so well that Marcy promised to return to England to stay with Jane for a few years. Then later, they were both going to go to the states so that Marcy could return the favour. Right at this moment in town, she was looking up some friends of hers who were over on a visit to London. Jane was supposed to be there too, but as usual couldn't get the day off work. Tomorrow she would ring in sick - stuff the boss. Why are bosses always arseholes?

Returning to her earlier line of thought, she reckoned that if they really had so much in common, maybe it could just be possible that Marcy may also find it a big thrill. There was, she suddenly realised, a way to find out. A loud ringing on the doorbell brought her back to reality. She wanted to ignore it, but at the same time it could be important. She ran across to her room and pulled on the first things she found - a short black skirt and (sadly) a pair of her worn panties from yesterday. She hurried down the stairs and was mightily pissed off when it turned out to be a drunk asking where the Hensons lived. She was glad when he trudged off down the street swaying and bobbing.

Then she remembered what she had been thinking in the bath. If Marcy did piss herself, then her panties would bear the tell tale stains. Seeing as how she had the house to herself, she decided to investigate. Carefully opening Marcy's bedroom door, she slipped through the gap. She decided not to switch on the light, just in case, so instead opened the bedroom door wide to let in the light form the landing. After a bit of groping around, she found a pile of clothes; which turned out to be Marcy's dirty laundry. She rummaged about a bit, then pulled out three pairs of coloured panties. For an instant she felt terribly filthy and disgusting. She had visions of Marcy turning up unexpectedly and finding her like this. Strangely, the thought turned her on. She felt the quick tingle of sexual excitement ripple through her. Crouching down into the light, she held each crotch in turn up to her face to inspect.

The first looked normal, but the second had a darker area around it. She held it closer. Yes, definitely stained. But the third - they were still damp. No doubt about it. Jane noticed two things at once. One, she needed to piss again; and two, she was becoming very turned on. Picking up the first pair again, she held the crotch to her nose and smelled it. It was a wonderful warm, musky scent. Another woman. She brought the second pair close and smelled those. She could imagine Marcy, walking around London, depserate for a piss and yet holding back and holding back. The image became very strong in her mind. Marcy gets off the bus in a crowded street in the West End. She looks around but there are people everywhere.

She ducks down a side street, then into a small alley running between two blocks. Alone at last she feels the first few squirts of hot piss soak into her panties, but keeps walking to a more secluded spot. Once there she spreads her legs a little and forces her bladder to empty where she stands. She feels first a trickle between her legs, then her panties become saturated as the flood begins. She staggers back slightly, thrusting out her pelvis, violently expelling the fluid into her coloured panties. When it's over she slips her hand under her skirt and feels the crotch of panties. Then she quickly flicks her clit a few times and stifles an orgasm. She pulls her skirt down, and goes back to join the crowds.

With Marcy's panties against her face, Jane's other hand began to massage her hardened nipples. She moaned softly as she sensed a little moistness spread out onto the cotton gusset of her panties. These panties were the ones she slept in last night, and she vividly remembered the erotic dream that she had woken up masturbating to. She had had a marvellous climax, and now she was going to do it again. She sank back against the wall and attacked her clit furiously, all the while thinking about Marcy.

The things she found herself wanting to do to her. She felt herself getting closer to coming and involuntarily began to relax her bladder muscles and push down at the same time. Before she realised it, piss was streaming from her panty clad pussy. Great contractions hit her and she quickly jammed Marcy's panties against the crotch of her own to absorb the copious amounts of liquid that was leaking from her. She rubbed them around her pussy lips and came again. After she had calmed down, she removed her panties and put them with Marcy's, in the laundry pile, for Marcy to find later on.
