Cheryl Walks Home

By: Fluidity (date unknown) T#422

Cheryl was visiting her cousin, Steve, in the fabulous, intimidating city of New York. She had not been there since she was a little girl and looked forward to Steve's showing her the sights. She also could not ever forget that fabulous evening she spent when she and Steve stayed up to watch a late movie when they both were horny teenagers. That one evening was etched in her memory <editor's note; the story is available elsewhere> though she dare not mention it to Steve.

The evening included dinner at a fabulous restaurant and a "surprise" which turned out to be a concert at Carnegie Hall. She had never dreamed of being in such a place but it was overwhelmingly glorious. All those glittering movers and shakers and their glamorous wives in the center of musical art in this great city. 

When the concert was over Steve suggested they take a quiet walk home since he lived only fifteen or twenty minutes away. Cheryl was so thrilled with the glorious evening that she readily agreed. They ambled over on Fifty-Seventh Street before heading north up Central Park West. 

It didn't take long for Cheryl to realize that she hadn't visited the rest room since they left Steve's for dinner. That was over five hours ago and she had shared a bottle of wine at dinner and two glasses of champagne at Carnegie Hall. It had all made its way through her and it wanted out. Soon.

Cheryl walked calmly in her short, tight black skirt and turtleneck black sweater. She knew that it displayed her figure fabulously as she had received plenty of glances throughout the evening. Her high heels prevented any speeding up of the twenty minute walk. 

Cheryl was no teenager able to giggle that she needed a wee. She had four children nearing college but had worked hard to keep her youthful figure and had succeeded magnificently. She also remembered that weeing was at the heart of that seminal experience with Steve when they were horny teenagers. Both had married and, though his didn't last, hers had. This visit was not a wild weekend of sex; it was simply a visit with a beloved relative. 

Cheryl calculated furiously how to deal with this desperate situation. She knew that it was likely impossible waiting to get to Steve's apartment. If she didn't do something soon she would begin squirting; walking was better than standing but her limit was approaching. If she had her jeans on she could grab her crotch but this tight skirt made that impossible without hiking it up and displaying her panties to everyone.

"Steve," Cheryl said quietly, changing the subject, "is there any quicker way to get home? I'm going to need a bathroom pretty soon."

Steve could not believe it. He was bursting himself and soon had a huge boner as he realized that lovely Cheryl was, too.

"Cher, you can't be any more ready than I am for a bathroom. I should have never suggested this walk home. Neither of us has taken a whiz all evening and it has caught up with us. I'll get us a taxi and we'll be home soon."

Steve paced up and down as he looked for a taxi. Cheryl paced back and forth as she tried to apply pressure to her pee hole without being too obvious to all the people walking up and down this very busy street at 10:40PM. When the taxi came they both eagerly climbed in for the ten minute ride to Steve's apartment.

"Cher, you know about my little apartment. We discussed how you are used to multiple bathrooms in your Florida home and I'm used to having the place to myself. We agreed that if either of us were in the shower that we would not stand on ceremony but let the other use the toilet if we had to. Well, when we get home, we have a big decision to make. I will really have to go immediately when I walk in the door. I don't like to say this but will you let me?"

"Steve, there's no way that I'll be able to wait. If I get through this taxi ride it will be a miracle. When we get to your building I don't even know if I can walk inside and stand in the elevator up to your 23rd floor." Cheryl reached under her skirt and pressed two of her fingers tightly against her pee-hole and tried to rub it back and forth. She blushed as she never had before but she knew that there was no other way for her.

"How are we both going to use the bathroom? I'd like some suggestions. We can both use it if we relax some of our inhibitions."

Cheryl blushed even more but understood. She didn't want her darling cousin to suffer but her own need was so great. She knew that if she hiked her skirt up, she could squat with legs spread and give Steve almost the entire toilet opening in which to whiz. Was he really suggesting such a thing? She wondered if she should suggest that he pee in a bottle or something, but was too embarrassed.

Steve wondered if it would occur to Cheryl that he could take his whiz into any of the empty bottles that stood in the kitchen ready for their trip to the recycle bin. "This is one of those times that we have to let ourselves do what we need to do, 'Cher. If you could sit for your whiz and give me an opening, we could both take care of ourselves."

Cheryl wondered if she should ask Steve to pee in the bathtub, but it suddenly struck her how exciting it would be to try this little maneuver. She was shocked that she felt this way but could not get over it. She would be squirting like a fire hose (if she lasted that long) and Steve would be standing in front of her with his cock gushing down between her legs. She got very hot and wet as a rapid flush swept her body and she gave her pee hole and clit another furious jerks. 

"Oh, Steve, that sounds so gross... but I really don't want you to wait, either. Let's just try to get through it somehow. We can try to forget it tomorrow."

Steve's apartment appeared from the taxi's windows. Steve had the five dollars ready to plop in the driver's hands, thus constituting about a 50% tip, but he wasn't going to haggle. They were both out of the taxi and were bursting. Cheryl took one step and had to bend over and flex her legs together several times before she felt she could begin to walk. They both walked briskly into the lobby and didn't have to wait for an elevator. The interminable ride up had them both rubbing themselves shamelessly. "You really must be as full as I am," one said. "Yup," said the other.

Steve did the key thing and turned to Cheryl. "Go," he barked. Cheryl didn't need the encouragement. She felt her pee-hole quivering under the pressure and knew that it was all going to come out at once in a few seconds. As she hobbled toward the bathroom she pulled her skirt up and gave Steve a glorious view of her firm ass tightly held by her hot pink panties. Steve's fly was unzipped as he followed immediately behind her. 

Cheryl turned with her ass to the toilet and backed over it. Her skirt was around her waist and out of the way. She knew that this meant that she would have to pee through her pantyhose and her hot-pink panties, but she couldn't both get them down and give Steve his opening. She nestled her bum on the rear of the toilet seat letting her pussy and pee-hole over the back of the toilet seat opening. She began to gush immediately.

Steve saw this gorgeous woman sitting on the toilet with her skirt up and pissing furiously through her pants; her face was tilted upward slightly turned to the side, displaying a feeling of ecstasy as her bladder finally was receiving the release it needed. Her tight sweater displayed her feminine assets most gloriously. Steve began to wonder if he could let himself go under these circumstances.

He pulled his cock out and it was fortunately flaccid. The burning pain from his stretched bladder began to intensify as he began to pee. The start of the stream was weak so he had to position his cock directly over the opening. He noticed that this put his cock about six inches from the sweet chin of his lovely cousin; the flow of gravity took his stream a scant four inches from either of her two ample breasts. Steve's flow increased with pressure but his cock was thickening and lengthening and he wondered if he would ever be able to relieve his pressure. 

Cheryl, in the midst of the most blissfully anticipated piss of her life opened her eyes and glanced over... and saw Steve's cock. She had seen enough of them to know that it was growing quickly.  Steve was trying to force it to continue to point down into the hole Cheryl had left by spreading her legs so widely. But soon she felt Steve's hot piss splashing onto her pussy hair and her honey pot began to open up and lubricate without inhibition. 

She looked up at Stave and found him staring down at her. His stream was now splashing between her breasts and Cheryl was breathing so deeply that the sound of the splash changed with each breath she took. 

"Steve, I think we had better stop."

"I couldn't help myself. My body does what it does and wishing otherwise is futile." He leaned down and gave his lovely cousin a long soft kiss to which she participated eagerly. By now his stream had been cut off by his growing erection; his cock was aimed at his own chin. 

Once the kiss was over, Cheryl leaned over and gave Steve's hard cock a quick kiss; then she said to Steve, "I'm done. The bathroom is yours." She hurried to her bedroom with wet panties and hose and sweater. She would sleep in the nude for the first time in her life to avoid washing the smell of Steve's pee from her body. She would also give herself five consecutive orgasms as she lay alone in bed and relived the past few minutes. She knew that she had the second extraordinary intimate experience in her life. She would remember it. So would Steve.

