The Queen's Desperate Advisor (part 2)

Author: Melody Alexi

Chapter 2

Clare put on an expression of feigned astonishment. "My queen, you should’ve said something!"

"What?” she growled. "What should I have said?" She clenched her eyes shut like she was steadying herself, and then got back to the urgent task at hand. "Help me. You aren't here to be an advisor or an ambassador, you're here to attend me, now help me out of this absurd dress."

Clare stepped forward and began to work on the laces. She pretended to be hurried, but even if she had been in a true hurry, the laces were abundant and tightly fastened, and loosening them was a tedious task.

As she yanked and tugged away, the queen danced in place, and to Clare's surprise, she whimpered weakly and vulnerably. In a loss of composure, she doubled over and slid her hand over the crotch of her skirt, pressing down.

"Queen Adria, it's harder to unlace with you at this angle."

"You're going too slow," she said, her voice breaking. "We're just going to have to lift my skirts."

"You must have six skirts under this thing..."

"Just get the chamber pot! Now!"

And the queen sat on her bed and began trying to lift her skirts on her own, layer by layer, with frantic, clawing motions.

Clare knelt to look under the bed... and even she couldn't have planned this next obstacle. She stared for a long minute, eyes roving the shadowy floor. But she was seeing correctly. She looked warily up at Queen Adria. "It isn't there."

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN IT ISN'T THERE?" She screamed, yanking up the third of many layers of skirt.

"I don't know if the servants accidentally took it or if they forgot to replace it...."

"Then go get one and tell them they're all released from their positions, immediately!"

She wasn't about to allow innocent servants to be punished just because she'd worked the queen into this state. She also knew the queen well enough to know she'd probably forget this passionate directive by evening.

"I'll run to get one." And she fled the room, but not before hearing the queen release a small wail and whimper of despair.

She trotted down the halls until she found a maid dusting and discretely made her request. The maid must've been acquainted with Queen Adria's tempers because her eyes widened and she fled to get the requested pot. She handed it to Clare with a trembling flush, like it was a dire insult to hand a lady such a base object, but Clare gave her a comforting smile. She was having such an incredibly good day— everyone should share in her good fortune. So she took her time saying, "Thank you, ma'am," and gave her a generous nod, one that made the woman relax as she turned back to her dusting.

She 'hurried' back to the room, where Queen Adria had managed to shimmy up her skirts— almost. There were a lot of skirts to hold, and she had only two hands.

Clare froze and stared. Tendrils of urine had snaked their way down the queen's stockings, and a few damp patches were visible in the fabric of her skirts. She was already losing complete control. The queen was so panicked she wondered if she could even tell she’d let some pee escape.

"Thank the gods. Now look away. But help me keep these skirts out of the way."

"I don't know how I can do both."

"Aren't you brilliant or something? I think you can figure it out!"

And Clare stooped to help the queen lift her skirts and tug aside her frilly undergarments— but she realized they were right on the brink of too late. The queen squirted a golden burst of urine, and another, as she scrambled hard to move towards the chamber pot and keep her skirts pulled away at the same time.

She gasped and groaned and sobbed as she tumbled towards the pot and helplessly released another stream, one that rolled down her legs and streamed all the way to the plush royal carpets.

She peed all along the mad dash to get to the pot and get herself positioned above it. She couldn't contain her squirts and there was something horribly exhilarating about seeing her in this complete loss of composure, humiliated and debased just like anyone else who lost control of their basic human need. She was peeing completely before she made it above the chamber pot, urine streaming all down her legs, puddling in the stockings around her ankles, and spreading throughout her skirts.

She sobbed when she was securely in place above the ceramic pot, and finally safe to give up her struggle. Clare stood awkwardly by, clinging to the mess of skirts and trying not to look while the queen finally completely relieved herself, the piss making a metallic sound in the bowl.

Adria softly cried as she urinated long and hard, and when the stream faded into a trickle and finally stopped, she didn't stop crying.

Clare let her cry, still holding her skirts, and fighting a mix of small sympathy and undeniable amusement. Everyone who'd been on the queen's warpath fantasized about seeing her taken down a peg, and she'd just witnessed it.

When the queen's tears became soft breaths, she finally lifted herself away from the pot. But her skirts and stockings were still sopping wet with pee.

"I need my lady in waiting," she said, in the most subdued tone Clare had ever heard from her.

"I will send her, your highness." And then, in a professional tone. "Please don’t let it worry you. It can happen to anyone."

"Oh, can it," she hissed, suddenly, back to her usual fiery, petulant self. "This is all your fault, you know. You and your insufferable schedules. I refuse to ever go without a tea break ever again, do you hear me?"

"I understand, my queen. Forgive me." But there was no real repentance in her tone, and Queen Adria's eyes narrowed as if she sensed it, and she didn't like it.
