The Iron-Bladdered Family - Part 1

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

The rest of my family seems to have iron bladders. I swear, I never see any of them pee….ever! It’s like they only do it when I’m not around to see it. So I decided to follow them all around, one by one, to catch them in the act!

My brother Ben was first. He was 16 and played football for the high school team. I’d heard the toilet flush just before bed the previous night, and assumed it was him, but I needed to know for sure! So when we got up, he didn’t pee, and I made sure he drank a lot at breakfast. I followed him in school the whole day instead of going to my classes. He drank tons from the water fountains and at lunch, and always had a bottle of water with him, which I was more than happy to keep refilling. By the end of the day, 16 and a half hours of holding, he was fidgeting, and his bulge was really big under his shirt, but he simply went to football practice without a pee. He was grabbing at his crotch throughout the entire practice, but he held on. When the team went back to the locker room though, after 19 hours of holding, his bladder was at full capacity. He struggled out of his uniform, and then went, naked to the toilets, where he unloaded a 2 and a half minute stream from his bulging bladder.

My dad was next. I knew he had a big bladder, so, after narrowly missing seeing him pissing in the morning one day, we went out together to do some errands. He drank loads of drinks all day but never went looking for the bathroom. By early afternoon he had a bulge developing, and it was absolutely swollen by the evening when we returned home, after 10 hours of holding. But I kept him away from the toilet all night. After 14 hours he was fidgeting, but also very tired, so I sensed he was going to pee and go to bed. To stop him, I decided to take a long shower in the bathroom, preventing him from entering! He groaned but just went to his room to go to sleep, bursting bladder and all! I woke up early the next morning and camped outside the bathroom to make sure I wouldn’t miss the show. My dad finally awoke, his 24 hour bladder now positively aching with pee pressure, and stumbled immediately to the bathroom.

“Hey Dad, can you make me some breakfast first?” I asked innocently. My dad, being a big strong guy, never will admit when his bladder gets the best of him, so he crossed his legs deeply and went into the kitchen. He pee danced, squeezed himself, and cursed multiple times while making some food, and kept messing up and having to start over because he was shaking so badly. Finally, after 25 hours of holding, he made my meal and raced into the bathroom, where he let out as hard a stream as he ever has for 3 minutes! He was extremely relieved afterwards.

My older sister, 18, was next. Her bladder was so large that she was known even to her friends as “Iron Bladder”. For her I used a different tactic. I was direct. I told her flat out that I wanted to see her unable to hold her pee. “No way, dork. That’s not gonna happen. I never have to pee, I always hold it!” she said to me. When I challenged her that even she would have to pee some time, she bristled and decided to prove me wrong. At midnight, she took a pee, not letting me watch or listen, and she proclaimed that she would hold it “until I was tired of this game.” Little did she know that wasn’t going to happen!

The next morning we got up and I followed her through her day in school. In addition to two large espressos in the morning from Starbucks, she drank 2 liters of water, pop, and lemonade throughout the day. No bathroom breaks for her! We got home, hung out, had dinner, and by the time we were ready to go to bed she said to me “Ok, see? 24 hours and I’m still not going. And look at this! That’s what I’m holding back.” She lifted her shirt and motioned to her bladder, which was sticking out a good few inches. I knew she’d break eventually, so I faked being unimpressed, making her more determined than ever to keep holding. We went to bed and woke up the next day, and I caught her coming out of the bathroom before leaving for school.

I accused her of peeing, but she replied, annoyed, “Oh, calm down brat, I didn’t pee and lose your stupid game. Does this feel like the bladder of someone who just peed, or someone who’s got a sphincter of steel?” My sister put my hand on her protruding bladder, and it was quite hard and firm. We went to school again, and again she drank a ton throughout the day. By the end of the day, 3 pm, she seemed a little fidgety, as anyone would with a 39 hours full bladder. It was the weekend, and her friends had planned a sleepover. I knew she’d take the opportunity to pee there, so I insisted on coming with them. “Why does he want to come so badly?” My sister’s one girlfriend asked. “Oh, he’s just being dumb. He wants to watch me piss myself. Like he doesn’t know I’m the Iron Bladder around here!” she said back. Her friends noticed her huge bladder bulge and “oooh’d” and “ahhh’d” over it for a while, then we all went to her one friend’s house to sleep over.

That meant more drinks for Miss Iron Bladder, and by 43 hours into her hold she was squirming around. We all began to tease her about the Iron Bladder finally having to take a pee break, but she just told us to shut up, and that she was still ok. However this was far from the truth, and as the night wore on she began moaning incessantly from bladder agony. Everyone had stopped what they were doing and were simply waiting for her to burst. She was full to the brim, muttering to herself that she could keep holding on.

My sister’s hands were buried in her crotch, and she fought the urge with everything she had, but after 47 hours the pressure finally overwhelmed her exhausted sphincter muscle. She couldn’t even run to the toilet, that’s how desperate she was! She just threw down her jeans and panties and let it rip right there on the floor of her friend’s room while we all watched in awe. For four minutes a thick, ropey jet of piss shot out of my sister’s pussy, drenching everything in the room and splattering onto us as well. It took a long time, but I had done it, I had broken the Iron Bladder!

Next on my list was my 19 year old cousin Christine. She was a tough farm girl, a real tomboy, and I’d never seen her need to pee, even when she had stayed a night at my house before. But when I got the chance to stay over at my aunt’s house for a while, I knew the time had come to make her lose her load. They picked me up from the airport at 11 am, and when I asked her if she still had her mammoth bladder, she told me that she did, but responded moaningly that her mom wouldn’t let her leave this morning without a pee break, so she’d gone at 10 am. “Last time for a while though,” she told me. 

Once we got back to her place, we spent the day on the farm together, milking the cows and feeding the chickens and such, before goofing around in the fields in the evening. Christine had drank a ton of water to combat the heat, and by the time we went inside I could see her bladder was bulging under her tiny tight jeans shorts. We woke up early the next morning to tend to the farm once again, and after 24 hours Christine still showed no signs of needing to release her pee. By that evening she seemed distracted and fidgety, but I knew she’d never want to look like a weak little girl by running off to pee, so she held in her load, despite having drunk two full pitchers of her mom’s special iced tea over the course of the day.

She couldn’t resist one more glass before bed, and when she got up the next day, with 46 hours since her last pee, her bladder looked huge! She seemed to be considering taking a toilet break, but after seeing me watching her, Christine put off her need and we went out to the farm once more. By the 50th hour she was squatting on her heel and holding her crotch when she thought I wasn’t looking, and by the 52nd hour she was doing it regardless. Her bloated abdomen looked like it was containing a bowling ball! “I’m not a weak girl, I’m not a weak girl” I heard her muttering to herself. It was such a treat to see my tough farm girl cousin flat out dancing in desperation, unable to ignore the enormous pressure in her bladder any longer. Her bladder was begging to be emptied, the pee bearing down on her sphincter with pounds of pressure.

After 54 hours of holding, the biggest wave of urgency yet swept over her bladder, and Christine fought it briefly, struggling and straining, legs crossed, sweat dripping down her face, and over her fit stomach and bulbous, quivering bladder, before finally giving in to the call of nature. She ran over to the barn, propped herself up against the side of it and yanked down her jeans shorts and panties. The pee burst out of her before she could even squat properly, and she pissed an incredible torrent for 4 and a half minutes! After she finished, she wiped herself with her hand, pulled her shorts back up, and saw me staring at her, mouth gaping wide. Christine simply smiled and asked me if I’d enjoyed the show, then went back to work.

I was down to the final iron bladder in my family, but I knew that this one would be the toughest to beat. I knew my mom’s bladder was absolutely huge, and she would never admit to needing a pee no matter what the circumstances were. In fact, many times she told me she just wouldn’t pee for that day, like it was nothing. That was totally normal for her. I’d never even seen her desperate, so I arranged to take a trip, just the two of us. Again, I was fairly certain she’d peed the night before, but not that morning. We left, stopping for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, at various diners. My mom consumed a ton of beverages there, and I made sure to always get her an extra refill. I also got her a coffee for staying awake while driving.

Finally we pulled into a motel to spend the night, and my mom’s bladder hadn’t been emptied for 24 hours! I could see a definite bulge when she undressed and changed into her nightwear, but she didn’t seem bothered by it, not even a little! She just went to sleep with her bursting bladder! We woke up the next morning, now 34 hours with no bathroom break for my mom, and she just went to the bathroom to brush her teeth. Even standing right next to the toilet, she didn’t have to fidget or anything. And her bladder was looking positively massive now! She dressed in a blouse and tight jeans, and we went about our day.

Breakfast with two cups of juice and a coffee – no noticeable urge for her. Lunch, 39 hours with no pee, a big glass of water, followed by a refill – she was still fine. I could see the button of her jeans bursting at the seams, just like her bladder had to be, but my mom showed no signs of letting her pent up pee out any time soon. When we went to dinner, 45 hours without relief, I finally saw what I had been looking for for nearly two days! My mom was looking a bit sweaty, and craned her neck in the direction of the restrooms at the fancy restaurant we were at. But then…nothing.

She made no move to make use of them. Three glasses of water, topped off with three more glasses of white wine, and my mom began to fidget ever so slightly in her seat. But we left without a word as to her condition. We went back to the motel to sleep, and my mom managed to suppress her urge and sleep with an absolutely bulging, desperate, 48 hour bladder! I could not believe her stamina! When we woke the next morning, my mom seemed fidgety and hurried, but she still wouldn’t use the motel loo. We left for home, and I was sad that I wasn’t going to see her pee after all!

After eating breakfast and lunch on the road, complete with four total glasses of juice and iced tea for my mom’s already expanded bladder, we reached home, 64 hours since my mom last took a pee break. To my complete surprise, she didn’t immediately enter the bathroom upon returning, despite the fact that she was breathing heavily and moving around a lot.

Instead she began cleaning and cooking! My mom was doing a subtle pee dance all around the house, but she refused to give in to the needs of her bladder. It was so swollen, but she wouldn’t even unbutton her jeans for it. We ate dinner, the whole family, 68 hours into my mom’s hold, and she managed to make small talk despite now clearly bursting for the toilet! After dinner, she did the dishes, crossing her legs the whole time. Then she went into the den and began to read a book, constantly squirming on the sofa. That night, after 72 hours without the slightest bit of relief, I saw that my mom was about to get up and finally use the toilet. So I made my move! “Mom, do you want to watch a movie?” I asked innocently, as she was halfway off the couch.

My mom would never turn down something because of her bladder on principle, so her eyes widened, she gasped, and she agreed. To her dismay, I picked out the first Lord of the Rings movie to watch, despite her pleas for a short comedy. We watched the three hour epic, and by the time it finished my mom was bouncing on the couch and holding her crotch openly with her hands to stay dry. Her bladder bulge was totally obscene. She looked months pregnant almost! Once it ended she made to get up, but I grabbed her and pushed her back down gently. My gosh her bladder was firm! It was rock hard!

“What, do you have to pee or something?” I asked, knowing full well she hadn’t taken a piss for 75 hours. “No…I’m fine,” she gulped, willing her muscles to hold. I could tell just how much effort it was taking to sit upright and chat with me. I knew she wanted nothing more than to go to her bathroom upstairs and release all that pent-up pee, so I made up another lie. “I’m not feeling so well, I think I’m just gonna sleep right outside the bathroom on the floor with my sleeping bag so I can use it if my stomach acts up!” I told her. My mom’s look was a look of horror, but she gasped and agreed that if I really thought I had to, I could. I didn’t sleep a wink that night, and neither did she! I heard her up all night, pee dancing frantically in her room. She went downstairs to start breakfast especially early, but I knew the real reason was to wake me up so she could finally take her much needed pee! My mom called the family down for breakfast, 82 hours since she’d peed last.

Her bladder was so totally enormous now that she could barely walk. My mom was just waddling to and from the table, legs slightly apart, bladder bulging like a basketball. It was clear she was going out of her mind with desperation! She was trying to do some breathing exercises to stay calm, but they weren’t working. Her need was too great, and it was beginning to overwhelm her immense abilities of control that she’d built up throughout her entire life. She fought against that, not wanting to admit defeat, but then I went in for the kill. I hugged her tight, crushing her bladder against my abs, and that did it!

“Ooooh!” my mom moaned as the extra pressure finally became too much for even her prodigiously strong sphincter to hold back. She tried to fight it, clinging to me, muscles tensed, drenched in sweat, shaking desperately, crying in agony, but finally her cramped, swollen, desperate bladder won out. With a final cry, my mom pushed me away, ran to the toilet, and let out a five minute gusher! As soon as her powerful stream hit the bowl, she was moaning in ecstasy. After she was finished, she came back and ate breakfast with us. I’ll never forget that pee for as long as I live. My mom truly has an iron bladder! But I found out what it takes to break it!

###

COMMENTS - 3

JimPickens456 - Jan 26, 2022

Wish this story happened to me! Especially with my mom. I would love to make her wait for days on end, watching her bursting bladder grow to unimaginable levels (like she's heavily pregnant!), filling her up till she nearly pops!

Quidditchgirl - Feb 11, 2021

That was GREAT!!! Was that a true story?

JimPickens456 - Sep 10, 2022

If it was a true story, I would have loved to experience that!

