A Desperate Camping Trip (Part 2)

Authro: Melody Alexi [2021]

Chapter 2

A small, hot squirt of pee escaped into my panties right then and I gasped. My bladder was really, really full.

The black bear seemed to be ambling away from our campsite but I zipped the tent flap shut and dove back into my sleeping bag, thinking bitterly that I was just making myself into a bearburrito as I zipped myself back into it.

Marley stirred a little.

“That was a short-lived pee trip,” she murmured.

I hissed so quietly I could barely hear myself.

“There’s a bear out there.”

Marley didn’t react strongly one way or the other. “There are very few cases of bear attacks on tents.”

“Few?! Then it’s happened before?”

Marley shut her eyes like she was just going to go back to sleep and whispered, “We washed everything, we put everything away, and there should be nothing interesting to keep them here. And I have bear spray if we need it.”

“Is that like spray-cheese but for bears?”

“Katie. Just stay quiet and wait for it to wander off. You didn’t bring anything smelly in here did you?”

Her eyes opened suddenly then and narrowed suspiciously. “Did you?”

“No, I’m not that stupid!”

“Okay. Then we’re safe. Stay quiet. And try to go to sleep. Good night.”

And Marley wriggled in to get comfortable.

I listened breathlessly to the night. Of course, what I hadn’t told Marley was that my pussy was bursting with need-to-pee.

I wriggled in my bag, trying to get into a comfortable position that didn’t put pressure on my bladder, and ever-so-slightly ground my privates into my panties like it might stop the pressure. It only made me terribly aware of how hot I was between my legs from the stress.

Marley was right, the sooner I went to sleep, the sooner it would be morning, the sooner I could pee, and the sooner we’d be out of this bear den.

I shut my eyes tightly and tried to ignore how loud my own breathing sounded.

I tried not to think about the tightness in my crotch and settled in to pretend I could sleep.

At first, it seemed like my plan to put off the inevitable might just work.

The night was quiet again, and I’d never admit this to Marley, but the bag was oddly comfy. I even started to drift off.

But, unfortunately, just as I was sinking into a blissful black sleep, my brain woke me up with strong wake-up, time to pee messages.

I jolted awake and shivered at the terrible almost-peeing sensation that washed over me. My panties felt damp at the crotch and I tentatively squeezed my legs together, but that only made me throb more.

Wide awake now, I chanted to myself that the bear was long gone by now, it had to be. I could wriggle quietly out of my pink cocoon and sneak into the night. I inched out of the bag, quivering, head to toe.

I would scream my head off if I saw even a possum, I just knew it, and Katie would come to save the day, and find me crouched and pissing. If the possums didn’t get me first…

But it sounded better than the alternative of pissing my pants so I crept for the tent flap.

“Katie!” A hiss pierced the darkness. Darn. Marley was up too.

She said it very quietly, almost threateningly. “Stop rustling around.”

That’s when I looked at the wall of the tent —and just barely bit back a scream. The hulking shadow of a bear was visible in the moonlight, snuffling casually right beside our tent.

I clenched my legs together and shuddered.

Hell, hell, hell, hell, I should never have agreed to this bullshit.

I froze at a sensation that could have been sweat between my legs, or could have been urine, and pressed my thighs tighter together. Then, I felt a horrible hot blossoming in the crotch of my panties and almost started to panic, my breath hitching and my knees trembling. The little squirt stopped coming, but it was enough for me to know that I was in serious trouble.

A full flood of pee could seep out of me any second now, and the terror of being eaten by a bear didn’t help.

We waited in breathless silence, me standing there, Marley trying not to breathe, both of us watching the hulking shadow. I prayed every second that piss wouldn’t start trickling down my legs. Finally, the bear moved on. We could see his shadow receding and then we couldn’t see it at all.

I shrank to my knees on my sleeping bag, still shaking, and a tear streamed down my face from the sheer strain of trying to keep it all in. I wiped the tear away and Marley noticed. She turned to me—wriggling a little bit too close in her sleeping bag. I didn’t want her anywhere near me.

“Oh Katie, it’s okay. I’m sorry, I didn’t think there’d be so many bears around.” I felt a little comforted that she at least wasn’t writing off my fears anymore.

“It’s nothing,” I tried to squirm away from her and got stiffly back into my sleeping bag, tugging it back over me. Concealed underneath it, I slid one hand down and clamped it shamelessly over my crotch, trying to alleviate the pressure in a way that Marley couldn’t see.

We were silent for what felt like hours, straining to see if we could hear any more animal activity.

My hand was trembling against my needy bladder, and I winced as the whole area clenched and sent panic signals to my brain.

“Do you think it’s safe?” I ventured, hoping my trembling voice didn’t give me away.

“I think so.”

“Safe enough for me to go outside?”

“Go outside! Why would you want to go outside?”

I was going to have to admit it to her. My cheeks were flaming hot and red.

“I still really have to pee,” I whimpered.

“I still have the bottle.”

“No,” I moaned. “No, I can’t do it. I can’t pee in front of you and I can’t pee in a bottle.”

I could feel her exasperation, but I didn’t care. “Come on Katie. You can’t just hold it all night.”

If the bottle was the alternative. “Maybe I can.”

“Katie,” she said it like she was scolding a child. Then we heard some more snuffling and both instantly silenced.

I squeezed myself through my pants and felt the urgent throbbing increase. Panicking, I slid my hand into my pants and clamped down through my panties, applying pressure desperately.

I was damp down there.

Marley was 100% right, I couldn’t hold it, but I couldn’t, for the life of me, pee in the bottle. Embarrassment, shyness, feeling sick of indignities, not wanting Marley to see me that way, whatever it was, I just couldn’t do it.

But the damp heat between my legs was growing.

And then I felt a hot squirt I had absolutely no control over. I stiffened in shock to feel the damp patch against my hand spread and grow, and then just barely stop. I bit back a groan.

When the snuffling grew distant, and then finally disappeared, Marley hissed so quietly I barely heard her. “Katie, you’re suffering. Just pee in the bottle.”

“No,” I hissed back.

“I’m coming to you with it.”

I recoiled. “No, stay away”

But she wasn’t listening to me. She grabbed the bottle, quietly inched over to my sleeping bag, and pushed the bottle in through the half-zipped opening.

Then something caught her attention and she froze.

And she lowered herself very quietly onto the ground next to me and just laid there. I slowly turned my head to see yet another shadow outside the tent.

“I hate you,” I mouthed.

She bit her lip like she was trying not to nervously laugh.

We lay in the quiet for another eternity while

I squeezed myself through my panties and held back tears.

I removed my hand for a second, wondering if the pressure was actually making everything worse.

It was a mistake.

Another tiny trickle escaped me, only this time the tiny rivulet escaped my panties and ran down my thigh.

My hand shot back down and I fastened it tightly over my vulva.

Marley finally turned towards me. “Here. I’ll help you.”

“No, you will not."

“Turn over slowly and I’ll help you position the bottle.”

“No, you will freaking not!"

There was grunting outside and she froze in place again.

When the grunting grew distant Marley hissed, “Damn it, Katie, you’re going to have to cave eventually, let’s just do it now.”

“Just give me space to breathe. Don’t come near me.”

She glared but didn’t make a move to come any closer.

We didn’t speak for a while, my muscles quivering. Maybe I would be okay. It was almost peaceful with the crickets and the other night bugs singing their heads off. Maybe I could just make myself drift back to sleep.

Then suddenly, another spurt escaped me, a longer spurt. It filled the crotch of my panties and followed the first tiny rivulet down my thigh, stopping only just before becoming a stream. I couldn’t help a soft little sob.

“Listen,” Katie said. “The alternative is pissing in your sleeping bag.”

I was afraid if I even breathed too hard I’d lose my tight hold. I didn’t even know if I could sit up to pee in the bottle.

“Oh God,” I moaned softly. “Oh, Marley…”

“Sit up. We’re getting your pants off.”

And finally, I obeyed, feeling like a child. I lifted my sleeping bag off of me and turned carefully over, every limb shaking.

“I’m going to help pull them off,” Marley said.

I moaned but I nodded, cheeks flaming with embarrassment.

She gingerly tugged my pants to my ankles and whispered, “And your panties.”

I couldn’t believe this was happening to me.

I bit my lip and forced myself to nod again.

And then we heard more rustling and grunting outside, this time terribly close.
