KISSES IN THE RAIN

Author: William Abbott

The second of three stories about “you” and an unnamed girlfriend.

This one is based partly on a memory from last summer, of me and my wife having sex against back fence while she could barely hold it in. I've changed things around a lot, dressed this character differently, made her the girlfriend instead of the wife of the male protagonist, but the urgency and the delight and the love are all real.

You pull into the driveway, and she is sitting next to you, squirming, jean shorts unbuttoned, hand gripping her crotch. She knows you like it when she has to pee. After dinner, she paused by the ladies room door long enough to flash you a mischievous smile—nothing anyone else would have noticed, but for you the meaning was clear. But then, all the way home, she’s been urging you to hurry.

It’s raining lightly, or “misting.” You set the wipers to intermittent. Water beads on the windshield between swipes. The tires swoosh on the glistening pavement. Six blocks ago she hissed through gritted teeth and said she might not make it. Bending over, scissoring her legs, her breath puffing with effort. Now she squeals as the car hits the uneven pavement at the foot of the drive.

“You OK?” you ask.

“I leaked a little. Come on.”

You look across at her as she undoes the seatbelt. You’ve seen her naked a thousand times, but the sight of her can still take your breath away. Tee shirt and jean shorts and flipflops, wavy brown hair around her shoulders, no makeup, and she’s stunning. You run the tips of your fingers over her bare thigh. Most times she would stop and savor your touch, but not now.

The car pings as the doors open. She steps out and dances in place, bobbing and crossing her legs. You feel the rain—the mist—cool against your face and arms. You walk around the car to take her hand. Her tee shirt is snug against her breasts, and the cool makes her nipples stand out. As the cloth dampens, it begins to cling to her skin.

She can barely walk, hobbling next to you toward the house. Face scrunched in concentration. Almost to the door she squeals again, stops and crosses her legs. Her breasts show pink under her shirt. You look down to see the darkening at the crotch of her jeans, the trickle of water down her inner thigh. But then she bends over, twists her body, gets it under control again. She follows you with mincing steps. Hand in hand, you lead her to the front door and then past it, heading toward the back yard.

Her eyes go wide. “But I really have to go,” she says.

“Yeah.” You nod, smiling shyly. “But... you’re already wet. Come on.” Your eyes are full of longing. “Please?”

“OK,” she says, hesitantly. “But quick.” She follows you down the little walkway past the side of the house and then through the gate into the secluded back yard. A high wooded fence on three sides gives complete privacy. Roses make a hedge, their blooms wild and full and lush. Trees tower overhead and the rain whispers and murmurs in the leaves. Toe against heel, you kick off your sneakers, and she steps out of her flip-flops. The grass underfoot is soft and unkempt, glistening wet. Her nearly-naked breasts bounce and jiggle and sway as she dances with urgency.

She’s got her zipper down, but you take her in your arms. You hold her body against the whole length of yours, every inch of your skin hungry for her. Running your hands down her back, you kiss the side of her neck. She has always loved neck kissing; she told you once she could probably cum just from that, and she was only half joking. She tips her head now, exposing more skin to your lips and tongue, and she runs her fingers through your hair. You smell the rain and the grass and her hair. She pee-dances in your arms, wriggling, hopping from foot to foot.

“I have to p...” You stop what she was saying with a kiss.

Your hands on her breasts now, full and round under the wet tee shirt, the nipples hard between your fingers.

“No, really,” she says. “I’m gonna pee in my pants.”

“That’s OK,” you tell her. “You can go. I don’t mind.” You cup her buttocks in your hands, pulling her crotch against your hard-on. Your fingers burrow into the crevice of her ass.

“No,” she says, a hand flat against your chest. “I want to take them off.”

You drop to your knees in front of her, take the waistband in your hands and slide the jean shorts to her ankles. Her panties are pale blue with little purple flowers. You kiss her through them, then pull them down too, delighting in the roundness of her bottom as your fingers slide past.

She would step away from you then, probably to squat in the grass right in front of you as she has done in the past and letting you watch from inches away, grinning like a little boy as she pisses copiously into the grass.

But you hold onto her. Kneeling still, you wrap your arms around her thighs and you nuzzle her crotch, burrow your nose into her slit and wriggle it around. Her pubic hair is scratchy against your face. She’s wet—with rain, with pee, and with the juices of lust. Her cunt as slick as butter. Your tongue flicks out, finds her clit. Probes between her lips, thrusting and licking.

“Oh!” she gasps. “Oh, you are so mean!” She coils her fingers through your hair. This is new territory for you. Is she OK with this? “Don’t stop,” she says. She thrusts her hips forward, staggers a little to part her legs.

She gasps now. She’s getting close...to cumming or to pissing? Or both?

“I’m...” she says. “Oh God! I’m...” Her breath comes faster. Her hands claw at the top of your head. You take a breath and clamp your mouth tighter over her vulva, sucking on her labia, licking faster as if she were melting ice cream and your tongue was circling the edge of the cone to keep it from dripping. She shudders, her thighs clenching in your arms. Your fingers dig into her buttocks.

Her hand against the top of your head pushes you away. “I... Nnng...!” She closes her legs again, squirming, crossing one thigh over the other and holding onto you for balance. Your hands slide down her thighs, down the backs of her knees, and you stare openly into the triangle of her hair. Wet curls are plastered to her slit. She clenches and writhes, grinding one leg against the other. “I can’t...” she says. “I’m going to...to piss all over you if you don’t move.”

She takes your hands, pulls you up to your feet. You unzip quickly, your penis forcing its way through your fly, and then your hand finds her crotch, grips, holds. She covers your hand with hers, gripping even harder. Your other hand around her waist, keeping her close, holding her body tight against yours. “I...! Have...! To...! Piss!”

She takes a step back now, but you follow, leaning her back against the tall fence. You kiss her deeply, tongue in her mouth, the whole length of your body writhing against hers. Your knee thrusts between her legs. Condoms are inside, upstairs, so you keep the tip of your penis away from her vulva, but her hand finds it and grips it. It’s dripping with pre-cum, which she slathers over the head and down the shaft.

Your thigh is sheathed in denim, clamped between her naked legs, and it is suddenly hot in one very particular place. “Seriously,” she says, “I can’t...can’t hold it.”

“Do it,” you say. “Just let it go.”

She tips her head back and you kiss her neck again, hands on her breasts, thrusting your penis into her hand. The heat under her crotch spreading now, down the sides of your thigh and then down your leg. Over the whispering sound of rain in the trees you hear the hissing of her pee against your leg. Feel the power of her stream against you as a different heat gathers within your own body, wells up in your spine and buttocks and balls and overflows, jetting out into her hand. She catches some, uses it to lubricate as she strokes you, up and down your shaft, and you’re still pumping, spattering the fence behind her, spurting all over her hip and the hem of her tee shirt, her pee still flowing like a river down your leg, dripping now from the frayed hem of your jeans into the grass under your feet.

Suddenly so weak you can barely stand. Knees quivering. Breath coming deep and hard. You lean on the fence, hands to either side of her, letting it take your weight. She wraps her arms around you, holding you tenderly, stroking your back, her own body also going soft with release and relief.

Your face is buried in the crook of her shoulder. “Oh my God,” you breathe into her ear. “That was... Oh God... Thank you.”

“Oh honey,” she says, and she strokes your hair. “We should do this again.”

