My Holding Fetish
	(Female Desperation)
Author: Jenny (2011-03-15)

It has always puzzled me how everyone seems to be slaves to their bladders, stopping at every rest stop, every porta-potty, and every gas station, doing what they call "Just making sure". As if a little urine in their bladder is going to kill them. I, on the other hand have always done the above mentioned only if necessary, which is rare. I now understand that I am lucky to have as a big badder as I do. And I had also noticed around puberty that a full badder is extremely arousing, and I like to fill it up until it's like bulging out of my abdomen then I guess "jill?" myself....

Finding this site I thought it'd be fun to test my very limits and both write about it here. It's 9:38am and I have had 2 cups of coffee and 5 cups of water, I'm super excited and as well super nervous at the same time, I'm also kinda blushing as I type, as this is getting a little embarrassing. As I waste time I thought I'd tell you a bit about myself.

I am 18 and I live in an apartment building in New York with my boyfriend. I really like video games, Nintendo to be specific, and if I had to say, many have told me I look kinda like Ashlee Simpson. I have jet black hair (dyed it at 14) 5ft 8in and that's all I'll say for now.

At 9:54am I can sort of feel my morning liquids poring into my bladder, but nothing serious yet...

I'm doing random stuff to pass the time, such as messing around on my phone, and regularly drinking sips of water, but I'm getting awfully bored. I'll check back in with you in an hour.

It's 11:00am and I am really starting to get aroused as my bladder fills. Still drinking as much as my body will allow, without gaging. This is usually the worst part, drinking as much as I can, but I know it will really start to get fun soon!

12:23pm, and I am really feeling full now, as pressure builds in my bladder. Having a nice ham sandwich with a can of 7-up, and can really feel it, too!

At 1:07pm I can feel my bladder sticking out as I really have to pee now! I'm starting to rub myself as I still drink more water, getting really turned on.

It's 1:58 and I'm finding it a little difficult to hold it in. Jumping up and down and wiggling as my bladder fills with pleasurable pain. Sticking out alot now, my bladder gets bigger and bigger. I wonder how much more I can hold...

2:38pm and I have to go soooooo bad!!! Wiggling and squirming, every single move I make, ads more pressure to my ballooning bladder. I now know I am reaching my limit.

2:50pm and I can't even use both hands to type. Gasping as my huge, rock hard bladder spasms to release my overwhelming load! Oh my GOD!!!! I have to pee so bad now!! I have never felt so full in my entire life! I can tell that I can't hold this much longer. Every move, every breath, every spasm, my bladder feels like it's going to pop! I am just dying to pee, I can't hold this any more!!!!! It hurts so bad but it feels so good! I have to go to the bathroom before I wet my chair! My bladder is sicking out so far now! I am doing all in my power to not let go! Ohhhh.... It's starting to come out! I can't hold on! Oh my god...Ohhhhh. I have to let it out!

3:08 I feel so good, when I stopped typing, I felt another spasm, I shoved my hands into my crotch, expecting the sudden urge to pass, but it didn't. I knew in that moment I was going to lose it, and I didn't want to make a mess on the floor. So I got up, losing a little bit, but not enough to lose it all. I ran, hands in crotch, hobbled over, dieing to pee, to the bathroom as fast as I could! I was losing it, and I was losing it fast! I tore off all my clothing, jumped into the shower, and rubbed myself until I regained control. I stuck my fingers inside my vagina and rubbed myself. It felt so good....I stood back up, left hand shoved into my vagina, right hand trying to turn on the water.

At first it came out cold, I froze, nearly losing it again as my bladder gave me the most powerful spasm I had ever felt in my life! Pinching the lips of my vagina shut, I turned the nobs until the water was warm. My bladder hurt so bad to pee, but I felt so good! I rubbed my now gigantic bulge as the water showered down on me. I then reached out of the shower to grab my electric toothbrush, popped the brush off, turned it on, and did stuff to it that I'm not very proud of.....

Sticking the vibrating device inside me, and back out, repeatedly until I had the biggest, best, most powerful orgasm I ever had. It was wonderful, the best sexual experience I ever had. And when it was all done, I finally released the huge load I held onto for so long, that felt so good too, it took a good 5 minutes until I stopped. After siting there for awhile, I stood up, showered myself, and finished this story. I hope you liked it!

