Peeing With Patches
	A Fantasy.
Author: Big Apple ( 1995'05)

As some of you know, after ordering Patches first video - which I heartily recommend - I was prompted to write my first story: "Peeking at Patches." While purusing her WWW site I came across the comment that she and her friends often have peeing contests. This inspired me to write another fantasy piece. I sent the first draft to Patches for her preview. I wanted to make sure that there was nothing in the story that she would prefer not to be there. She approved of the story and made a few suggestions, most of which I incoporated into the final version. Hope you all enjoy it. Big Apple

###

I was looking forward to today. I was going over to Patches' apartment and I knew that meant I'd be in for some WS fun. The last time we were together I had won a bet from her, so she said that I could do anything I wanted the next time we got together. Anything, within reason, that is. But Patches' idea of reasonable is a lot broader than most people, so I figured I'd be in for a good time.

I had bet Patches that, standing in the same spot, I could pee further than she could. Now, we had had peeing contests before and, believe it or not, Patches often won. She *always* waited until she had to go real bad before suggesting the contest. And lots of times she caught me when I didn't have a full load, so I couldn't get the pressure I needed for long distance. Also Patches had this knack of thrusting her hips forward, arching her pelvis and pushing real hard that enabled her to get real good distance. Well, I had come prepared this time before making the bet.

We were down at the beach one evening, it was twilight and pretty deserted. We had been drinking cokes for a couple of hours so I figured she probably had to "go" by now and would be willing to take the bet. "I bet I can pee further than you right now," I said.

"Oh you do huh? Well, I'll take that bet."

"Ok. But let's make it a real bet. If I win, you have to do anything that I want. And if you win, I have to do anything that you want."

"What do you mean by anything," she asked suspiciously?

"Anything, within reason. If the other person strenuously objects to the action then they don't have to do it. I trust you, I know you'll be fair about it, whether you win or lose the bet. And you know me, I wouldn't ask you to do anything that would hurt or really embarrass you. Ok?"

"Ok. Let's do it. But I think you're going to lose. I've been drinking cokes for a couple of hours and listening to those waves hit the beach, I think I'm going to be good for a piss record here."

"Great. But let's set the rules. We take turns. You go first. We'll draw a line in the sand and we both have to pee from behind the line. The person who is able to make a wet spot in the sand furthest away from the starting line wins. We'll make sure we're far enough back from the water so we don't mistake any ocean drops for pee drops."

"Sounds good to me. Let's go."

I was pleasantly surprised when Patches didn't question my wanting her to go first. Not that she should have any reason to question, but I really needed her to go first in order to win the bet and I didn't want to have to debate the point with her.

The sun had been down for quite a while and it was starting to get pretty dark. There was still enough light so that we would be able to determine who won the bet, but it was dark enough so that if someone wandered onto the beach they'd have to get pretty close to see what we were doing.

I drew a line in the sand parallel to the water. This way we would be facing slightly downhill which would give a little extra distance to our shoots. Patches positioned herself behind the line - actually she got her toes right *on* the line - and proceeded to squiggle out of her tight cut-off denim shorts. I loved to watch Patches squiggle out of her clothes. As anyone who's seen her first video knows, she is one sexy lady with curves in all the right places, just perfect for squiggling. Since we were at the beach, Patches wasn't wearing any panties. I took a moment to admire her naked butt.

"What are you staring at?" she quipped.

"What do you think I'm staring at? I'm staring at your beautiful bare assed butt. If I'm going to beat you in this contest I need an erection for more distance. I can stand on the line and have a 6" advantage over you if I have a hard on. And the view I'm getting is helping out just fine." I joked back to her.

"Oh! Well, far be it from me not to give you every little advantage possible. You're going to need it." And with that she bent over and wiggled her tight little butt right in my face. God. What a delightful sight. My penis came to full attention. I mean *full* attention. I instinctively started stroking myself as I stared at her beautiful rounded ass and the shaved pussy that was peeking at me from between her legs. I realized this was a big mistake if I wanted to win the contest. I was already very close to cumming. Patches body does that to me.

"Ok. Ok." I laughed. "That's enough. I told you I *needed* an erection. You keep that up and I'll cum right here and now. Then where would I be? You know I can't pee right after cumming."

Patches was obviously amused. She has a fantastic looking body and she likes knowing that guys enjoy looking at it. Without any more ado she repositioned herself on the line. She got into her pissing position. Knees just slightly bent, hips thrust forward and hands to her pussy. Whenever, she was going for distance Patches had this knack of squeezing her pussy lips in just the right spot, forcing her stream to shoot upward with more pressure behind it. I think it's kind of like a garden hose with no nozzle. If you put your finger over the end of the hose the pressure of the water trying to force it's way out of a small opening allows the hose to be sprayed much further than if you didn't close off the end of the hose.

As she proceeded to release her golden nectar, my eyes were glued to her shaved pussy. Watching Patches pee is one of my greatest turn ons. I just love watching it come out of her bare pussy. I have, on occassion, cum just from watching her squirt.

When she was done I said, "Nice job."

"How would you know?" she laughed. "You didn't even see how far it went, you were just staring at my pussy - as usual."

"Yeah, I know," I admitted. "But that doesn't change what I said *nice* job. Gosh I love watching you pee."

She just laughed and pulled her pants back up. I watched intently as she squiggled back into her shorts, making sure that the zipper wouldn't hook on anything vital. We walked out to measure how far she had peed. "Boy, I wish we had a tape measure with us. It looks like almost 6 feet, this might just be a record for me" she said. "I don't think you can beat that."

"Well, we'll see," I replied, and started up the beach for the car.

"Where are you going?" Patches asked, a little confused.

"I'll be right back." I had been planning this little bet for a while now and I had it rigged so that I would win. The rules of the bet were that we had to both 'stand behind the line'. Well I went back to my car and opened the trunk. I pulled out a small step ladder that I'd been carrying around for a few weeks now.

As I came back down over the dunes Patches saw what I had in my hand. "OH No you don't! That's not fair! No way are you going to stand up on that and take a leak!"

I had been afraid that she might really be a little mad. But Patches is a real good sport and I could tell by the tone of her voice that she wasn't really upset. In fact, she recognizes a good joke when she see's one and I suspected that she thought it was really cute.

"Oh yes I am. The rules said that we both have to stand behind the line. They don't say anything about how far behind the line or how far above the line."

"Boy. What a stinker you are. That's the last time I bet with you," she pretended to pout.

I laughed and opened up my step ladder. I put it right on the line and stepped up to the top step. I pulled my zipper down and was about to pop my cock out when Patches stopped me. "Well the least you can do is pull your pants off for me the way I did for you."

I figured fair was fair and got back down off the ladder. I, too, was wearing cut-offs and I pulled them down. Patches gave my body the same ogling routine that I gave hers. I don't think I'm nearly as sexy as Patches is, but she makes a person feel real good about themselves. I got a kick out of her ogling.

I stepped back up onto the ladder and was getting ready to piss when she came over and started stroking my dick.

"Hey, cut it out. I'm not going to be able to pee if you're doing that."

"I know, and if you can't pee then I win by defualt" she chortled. As she continued to stroke my cock, she lifted her tee shirt up over her breasts with the other hand. As usual, the sight of Patches' beautifully rounded milky white breasts made me swoon. Her pert young nipples were standing at attention atop perfectly propotioned aureolas. She lifted one to her mouth and started to suck on it.

My cock was really hard from watching her pee, I knew it wouldn't take much to make me cum. And with the hand action and tit show she was giving me I was in dire straits. After I cum it takes a good ten minutes before I can pee. And by then I figured it would be too dark for us to be able to get a good measurement.

In spite of how good her stroking felt, and how beautiful she looked standing there sucking on her breast, I pulled away from her grip and jumped back down off the ladder. "Come on, be a good sport. I didn't 'finger' you while you were trying to pee. I'm abiding by all the rules so come on now."

"Ok. Ok." she laughed. "Go on back up there, I'll leave you alone."

"Thanks," I smiled. I climbed back up onto the ladder. I had to wait a little bit for my erection to subside somewhat. I can't pee when I'm right on the verge of cumming. When I was ready I started to piss. Patches tried another trick. She stuck her hand in front of my cock and blocked the stream.

"Hey!", I yelled.

She laughed and quickly removed her hand. I knew she was fair and wouldn't really want to block my stream when it was the strongest. As I finished up it was obvious that I had beaten her. We walked out to the end of the damp spots in the sand just to make it official and I had indeed beaten her by at least a foot.

"Ok. You win. And I'll have to admit you got me good with that one. Not only will I pay up on the bet but to show you there's no hard feelings let me help you get rid of your feeling hard. She brought her hand back to my cock and proceeded to finish that jack off she had started earlier.

###

If anyone's interested, the details on the payment on the bet will follow in a subsequent story. Big Apple 
