A Desperate Camping Trip (Part 1)

Author: Melody Alexi [2021]

This erotic little story includes: female pee desperation and desperate wetting. Only keep reading if this is exciting to you! 18+ readers only.

Chapter 1

I was so completely dreading squatting to pee in the woods. I’d already guzzled a whole halfgallon of water to cope with the summertime misery and now I was squirming in discomfort.

Marley looked like she was in paradise, putting the finishing touches on our camping kingdom and getting the fire started for dinner.

“Doritos are my favorite kindling/’ she said, with a big grin.

I wished I could just relax and play along but I was a suburban girl to my core, and I was only here because somehow, someway, Marley had talked me into it.

I’d gotten her to come with me to a teacher’s conference and she’d agreed only on the condition that I went camping with her.

Marley definitely got the better end of the deal. The conference had complimentary coffee and air conditioning and toilets.

“I can’t believe you’ve never been camping before, Katie!” Marley said, putting together a pile of kindling tidbits.

“Yeah,” I said blandly, feeling like I should help, but unsure what to do with my hands. I glanced stealthily around, wondering where the best spot to pee would be. “I just had it so good indoors it never occurred to me.”

“Oh come on, don’t tell me this isn’t beautiful.”

It was beautiful, in a lacking-bathrooms and surplus-of-bugs kind of way. A terrible thought struck me.

“Are there bears out here?”

“Outside is generally where they live, yes.”

“They definitely don’t live outside my apartment.”

“Katie” She gave me her look that said loosen up. I usually got that look in bars when I was stressing out about how many of us could fit into an uber, or on planning days when I couldn’t pack the amount of curriculum into the appropriate time period, but the look was a whole new level of threatening out here in the wild.

I sighed and admitted my need. “I guess I’m gonna go pee in the open air.”

Marley nodded enthusiastically. “It’s a liberating experience.”

“Yeah. I’ll bet.”

I fished toilet paper out of one of our bins and a second terrible thought struck me. What happened when I needed to pee in the middle of the night? The way I was guzzling water, I would definitely need to pee in the middle of the night.

I’d just have to deprive myself and die of dehydration first.

I shuffled off, Marley happily lighting up her highly flammable Doritos.

I wondered if bears would eat me out in the trees and if that would even be that bad, honestly.

Luckily, I’d Googled how to pee in the woods before we left the city because there was no reception out here. Every blog post was very concerned about you peeing at least 200 feet from water or campsites to avoid killing everybody with your liquids, and every single one was so worried about 200 feet that they glossed over practical tips, like how to actually do the thing.

I stared at the grass and sighed.

“Fun,” I repeated to myself, unzipping my shorts. “People do this for fun.”

And I shimmied my shorts down and pulled myself together before squatting. I kept a wary eye out for hikers or other carnivores.

I waited a million years for the trickle to come, hating every second of feeling exposed in the open air.

Finally, I peed and tried not to groan at how stupid and unnecessary this all was.

I was not going to eat anything because I was not, absolutely not, going to be shitting in these woods.

I wiped very stiffly and thoroughly and stood, trying to console myself that there were worse things. I couldn’t think of any at that moment, but I was sure there were.

When I got back to our campsite the look on my face gave away how much I was enjoying this indignity.

“Katie,” Marley said firmly. “Stop being so goddamn dramatic.”

“I didn’t say anything.”

“Go get the wings and the barbecue sauce.”

I sighed like I’d just been asked to hunt for game and forage for wild sauces and returned in a couple of seconds.

Marley got the skillet arranged over the fire and dumped the whole bottle of barbecue sauce in with the wings.

“Now we let it bubble for an hour.”

“How quaint.”

“These will be the best wings you’ve ever had.”

And it turned out they were, and despite myself, I did eat a good amount of them and drink a good amount of water to compensate for how spicy they were.

And I did have a little fun, giggling over stories about our colleagues and students while eating wings and swigging whiskey-and-coke.

“Is this not the best bourbon you’ve ever had?” Marley pried.

“It’s pretty good,” I admitted.

“And the wings?”

“Okay, they’re pretty good too.”

“And the glorious night air?”

“The mosquitoes are like shiny little birds in the firelight. It’s so beautiful.”

“I’ll sell you on this. I swear.”

With everything cleaned up and secured against wild animals, we climbed into the tent.

I fought a groan with everything in me as I sank into my pink sleeping bag on the hard ground. I’d need a chiropractor visit after this.

But Marley hopped into her bag like she was in for the best sleep of her life.

“I have a couple of giant bottles here if you need to pee in the middle of the night. I don’t personally like going out.”

“Um, I will not be peeing in front of you. Or into a Gatorade bottle.”

“Suit yourself,” Marley laughed, huddling up cozy in her sleeping bag.

I tried not to grumble to myself. I’d always been shy about bodily functions and I knew from the hotels we’d shared at conferences and the time or two she’d crashed on my couch that Marley was a light sleeper. I knew she’d wake up and judge me if I crept out to pee. So I just resolved not to pee.

I rolled over and tried to force myself to sleep.

The night dragged on and I fell into brief sleep only to be awoken by the sound of shuffling in the night. In the moonlight, I saw the outline of a possum slink by our tent. Glorious. Such beautiful nature.

I flipped over in my bag and wriggled to get comfortable, and realized that of course, I needed to pee.

Of course.

Damn it.

Shit.

What did I expect?

I started to, as quietly as I could, unzip my bag. Marley’s soft breathing continued so I quietly squirmed out and got to my feet.

Once I stood I realized my bladder was really full. How far was 200 feet anyway? I’d just have to eyeball it once I was out of the tent.

I quietly, slowly, painfully slowly, unzipped the tent.

And that’s when I saw the bear.
