Joanne's Accident #22
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
By: Aquavite (1997'01)

Accident #22. Joanne's Hike

I met Joanne for our usual coffee, except that we hadn't seen each other for quite a while. After talking about our lives, events, work, girlfriends and boyfriends, kids, and the like I was about to ask a question just as Joanne said, "I'll be right back, I really gotta pee all of a sudden," giving me a sly smile as she got up to leave. She had on very tight pants (leggings of sorts), dark but not black, and I of course wondered what she'd look like if she wet herself walking/running to the toilet. But no such luck. She returned in about a minute.

Leaving interrupted the flow of our previous conversation (so to speak), and I asked her, "Tell me, have you wet your pants since we last talked?" She smiled, "Yes, but only once, not counting the daily dribbles of course. You'll like what happened."

Of course she told me. She and her boyfriend had been on vacation in a warm place. The dialog is my reconstruction of what she said as best I can remember it.

"We had gone on a hike, not really an empty place, but not a lot of people either. I'm not sure how long we had been gone, maybe an hour, perhaps two. We were walking on this trail and I began to really have to pee. You know me, it comes on suddenly. Anyway, after five minutes I figured I really better find a place. I really don't know what I was doing, probably fidgeting a lot, but he's sensitive to such things, I guess because he's the same way. Anyway, my boyfriend said I should really pee, so I looked around for a bush. The trail had few bushes and no trees and everything was pretty flat, but there was a small bush sort of off the trail, but not really.

"I went behind the bush, not really desperate but certainly really wanting to go badly. I squatted down and began to pee. My boyfriend couldn't see me from the trail, but anyone walking either way could. I had just begun when my boyfriend said, 'Someone's coming.' I looked up and sure enough, a couple was walking down the trail. I have no idea of they saw me squatting, and it wouldn't have been a big deal if they did, but somehow with my boyfriend there I just panicked and pulled up my panties and shorts.

"But, you'll love this, I couldn't stop peeing. I mean not at all....I just peed into my pants as I pulled them up, and continued peeing, I mean full force, once I had them on. It was really dumb. There I was zipping my shorts and pulling up the fly to look presentable while I wet my shorts."

I asked, "How much did you wet yourself?"

"Completely. I had peeing pouring down my legs, my shorts were soaking and I could feel it warming my butt. My socks and shoes even got wet. So, and this is really funny, as the couple walked by there I was standing there zipping up and wetting my pants right in front of them. I wasn't really embarrassed, but felt really dumb."

"What color were your shorts?," I asked.

"Jean cut offs. Blue, not dark but not light. And, yes, it was obvious I wet my pants. I know, yes, my panties were white...some lace, cute ones, small. But no one saw them."

"So, the couple left, after looking at me strangely, and walked on. My boyfriend asked me why I wet my pants, and I told him I just couldn't stop, that once you begin peeing if you really have to go bad, its hard and sometimes impossible to stop.

"We ended up cutting the day short since I had to go to where we were staying and change. On the way back quite a few people looked at me. You would have loved it, it was so obvious I had wet my pants. But it was funny, the only reason I peed in them is because I pulled them up. All the times I've peed in my pants by accident, that was the first time I peed in them because I pulled them up in a panic."

"We walk and passed a few people, and then got a river near the car and I walked in and rinsed off, getting my shorts pretty wet in the process. People by the little beach there must have thought it was weird, as I splashed my legs and shorts, soaking them. I know a few people saw me walk in wet, so they probably figured out what happened."

So, again, another wonderful (for me) Joanne story, even though I didn't see her. Too bad we spend so little time together, mostly over coffee in a cafe with a toilet.


