POST-FINALS AND PAST ENDURANCE

Author: William Abbott

When this story appeared online, it seemed especially popular with female readers. One of them told me, "If I win the lottery, I'm going to pay you to write my fantasies for me.” Another said, "Omg...I would have loved to have been either Helena or Linda. They both had to endure their near to exploding painful bladders for so long. I love it when my bladder gets that way and I am forced to hold it. Such joy!!!”

I've always been a very attentive reader of the true life accounts of desperation that women have posted online, and I've come across more than a few who were wildly turned on by the feeling of their own achingly full bladders, or by other women bursting to go. It is my fervent hope that I have made Helena's arousal in this story believable. Having characters that feel like real people is always one of my biggest goals as a writer.

Linda and Helena both had two finals listed at the same time on Tuesday, the last day of scheduled exams, so both of them have stayed an extra day to take a makeup exam on Wednesday, after the campus had technically closed for the summer. Helena has been living off campus and knew she could stay in her house until the end of the month if need be, and Linda got permission to spend one more night in the dorm—the corridors and lounges eerily silent under the fluorescent lights as she stayed up into the wee hours studying.

This last final was a bear, but it’s over now, and coming out of it, the two of them feel almost lighter than air. They pick up Helena’s ancient VW bus and drive it around to Linda’s dorm to load up her stuff, then decide to put on bikinis under their clothes and take this last opportunity to lie out in the sun.

Watch them now, Helena in a very short little sun dress, billowy and bright red, and Linda in a loose, flimsy tank top and cutoffs cut so short you can see the ends of the pockets peeking out underneath. They haul Linda’s stuff out to the minibus: boxes of books, her French horn in its clunky black case, a suitcase that’s much too big, and a palm tree so tall it almost doesn’t fit in the van. They slam the sliding door closed, check that it’s locked, and then walk over to the quad where mammoth oak trees make dappled shade and the newly mown grass is warm and fragrant in the sun.

They pause long enough to kick off sneakers and flip-flops, wiggling their toes in the soft grass, and then walk out to the middle of a big patch of sun. Helena grasps the hem of her dress and in a single movement, lifts it up and over her head and pulls it free and stands in just her bikini. Skin and more skin and still more skin, so much of it naked. She feels free and sensual. Linda does the same with her top, then unzips her cutoffs. They’re so short that her butt cheeks peek out under them, but when she slides them down and lets them fall to the ground, her thong bikini shows much more of her bare buttocks. Lying on her stomack, she might as well be completely nude. They stretch out in the grass and talk about trivialities until at last they doze.

It must be hours later when they wake. Helena opens her eyes to see that the sun has moved, playing peek-a-boo now in the leaves of the trees. She stretches, stiff from sleeping on the ground. Her mouth feels stale, her lips dry, and her bladder is achingly full.

“Linda?" she says. She strokes her friend’s hair.

Linda opens one eye to look up at her. “Huh..." she says. Linda sits up. “What time is it?"

“I have no idea, but we should probably get going."

“Yeah,” says Linda, blinking sleep away. She looks around, surveying her scattered clothes. “I really have to pee.”

“Me too.”

They gather up their things. Helena’s dress falls gracefully about her and she shakes her dark hair loose around her shoulders. Linda pulls on her clothes, and then runs her hands through her shorter blond hair. She zips up—mostly—but leaves the button at the top of her shorts undone. It’s the style this year, but it also puts less pressure on her bladder.

They set off looking for a bathroom, heading for the library first. It’s no big surprise that it’s closed. Who would be studying the day after the last scheduled final? The science building with its research labs is more promising...but it’s closed, too. Two classroom buildings are locked up tight, including the one where they just had their final that morning. Helena is beginning to squirm as she shades her eyes to peer through the glass at the darkened interior. Next to her, Linda rattles the handle and says, “Oh, come on! I have to go!”

Now, it’s probably worth mentioning at this point that Helena is secretly a little turned on by people needing to pee. Not like it’s an obsession or anything. She has a lot of fun with plain vanilla sex. But she’s riding a pleasant little tingle the whole time they’ve been walking around. At the same time, though, she’s getting pretty uncomfortable. She really does have to go, and no kidding.

It isn’t until they find the student union and the snack bar locked up tight as a drum that she starts actually to worry.

“Do you think we can still get back into your dorm?” she asks.

“I don’t have the key anymore,” says Linda. She crosses her legs and gives a little hop. “Damn it! What are we going to do?”

OK, now this is a little awkward. Helena is getting downright juicy, watching Linda squirm. Understand here that Helena is pretty solidly heterosexual. She likes guys. When she fantasizes about hands on her body, its guys’ hands. She likes kissing guys, she likes sleeping with guys, but the pee thing—for that it could be almost anybody, male or female. Whenever anybody starts talking about how bad they need to go, Helena gets a warm feeling in her nether regions and a little shiver up her spine. At night, alone, pleasuring herself, its women as often as men that she imagines crossing their legs or dancing around or frantically searching for a bathroom.

But this is Linda—her best friend—not someone she’s ever had the slightest sexual thought about, and it just feels weird to find herself this turned on by a close friend. I mean, for crying out loud, they were naked together just this morning as they changed into bikinis, and neither of them were the least bit self-conscious. Just two girls changing clothes together. No big. But this—hurrying from one locked door to another with bladders full to bursting—this is a scene straight out of one of her late night fantasies.

She shakes her head. “Come on,” she says.

“Something’s got to be open.”

“I don’t know,” says Linda. “This is not looking good.”

Helena really does want to find a bathroom as fast as possible. For one thing, Linda is in genuine distress, and Helena feels bad for her. She’d never be so mean as to prolong her friend’s agony. For another, Helena is in a fair amount of distress herself. Holding a full bladder is kind of fun sometimes, but she’s stretched close to her limit now, and almost in pain. She’d gladly trade all this yummy sexual heat for some simple relief, damnit. She’s gotta pee!

They continue walking. The humanities building: closed. Art museum: closed.

Engineering: closed. Chapel: closed. Surely administration is open?

Closed.

By now they’ve made a circuit of almost the entire campus. What can they do?

“Oh God,” says Helena. “This is bad. This is really bad. My bladder’s about to explode.”

You might think that wearing a sundress, she could pee outside. She may even be thinking of this herself. But it’s broad daylight and there’s nowhere to really conceal herself. If she weren’t wearing anything underneath, it would be simple to sit down on the grass and just let it go.

But the dress is so very, very short that if she weren’t wearing anything under it, she’d feel very exposed, like she was walking around practically naked. And even with everything closed up tight, there are still enough people around to make her hesitate. The slightest breeze or a miscalculated step and she’d be flashing her bare bottom for all the world to see. She’s not quite that daring.

And as for Linda...forget about it. Pulling down her pants to squat and piss in the middle of a sunny campus is simply inconceivable. She’ll just have to hold on.

But can she hold on? I'll just have to, she tells herself. Out loud, she says again, “I have to peeeeee.” Linda gives another little wiggle, the and sexual feeling spreads across Helena’s belly like warm sunshine. “I mean, I REALLY have to pee!”

“I know, I know! Me too!” Helena clenches her teeth—clenches other things as well—and they head off campus. The college is on the outskirts of town, so there aren’t many shops nearby. Walking down the one neighboring street that has any businesses, they pass the college bookstore (closed) and the campus post office (closed). The Minimart has a sign in the window: On vacation. Reopening next week for summer session. The Espresso Bar... Do they even have a bathroom in the Espresso Bar? Never mind. Closed.

What to do? What to do?

There’s an alley, narrow but open at both ends, and over there a dumpster, and right here a recessed doorway, but Helena would wet herself before peeing in any of those places. She’s got a good imagination, but in real life she’s not that brave. Linda seems to feel the same way.

Linda whines, “I can’t hold it!” She’s dancing in place right out on the sidewalk in front of the Espresso Bar, raising one knee to grind her thighs together, then the other knee. “I’m literally going to pee in my pants!” Is she really? Helena’s eyes flit involuntarily to Linda’s crotch. No wet spot yet. But...

Helena stands there with her legs pressed together, clamping down with all the muscles of her butt and thighs, and biting her lip, aroused but also in desperate need. What to do? Whereto go? “Come on,” she says at last.

“Where?”

“Let’s go down to the pond.”

“Why?”

“There’s woods behind it. You know that path?”

“You mean pee outside?”

“You have a better idea?” Helena turns back towards campus, hopping and skipping down the sidewalk in her urgency. Linda scurries after her.

Past administration again. Engineering. The art museum. This time they cut around to the path leading downhill to the campus pond. Shade trees and park benches, overlooking the f...

Fu...

Fountain.

Don’t look at it! Don’t even think about it! Focus on other sounds, like...there. Some kind of motor in the distance. They’re running now, hurrying along a path that skirts the pond to disappear into a stand of birch trees on the far side. Linda is a few steps ahead, and Helena sees her actually holding herself now, her hands clutching at her crotch. Or...no, she’s unzipping. Already. Before they’re even out of sight of the campus! Helena feels her vag heat up another degree. No use fighting that feeling—this is just too sexy!

The sound of the fountain recedes behind them, thank God. The motors are louder. What could they...?

Linda, charging around a bend into the woods, already beginning to push her pants down, stops short and turns around abruptly. Helena, prancing down the path after her, almost collides with her. She sees the look of absolute anguish on Linda’s face, and behind her, all along the trail, sees a team of men grooming the edges of the path with motorized weed trimmers. Helena turns on her heel as well, and the two of them run, hunched over, back up the path to campus. They hold hands as they run, and Linda is holding onto her pants with her free hand, just to keep them from falling down. They dash past the fountain again (Don’t listen!) and pause at the top of the hill long enough for Linda to zip up again, at least part way.

“What are we going to doooooooooooo?” she moans. “I have to piss and there’s nowhere to go!”

“We’ve gotta go back to my house,” says Helena, breathing hard. “Can you last that long?”

“I don’t know!” says Linda. “I guess I’ll have to!”

The quickest way back to the van is kittycorner across the quad. And, wouldn’t you know it, the in-ground sprinkler system—the one that’s on a timer and kicks in every afternoon—is about to start. A hissing underground is so quiet they don’t notice it. Likewise the gentle gurgle. But then...

Just as the two of them reach the edge of the grass, the sound turns to a loud fisss fisss fisss fisss fisss! and from twelve different locations around the quad, a fine soft mist of water sprays up into the air.

They scream. Literally. And leap back. And keep on running, but around the edges of the lawn now instead of across it.

Much, much later it occurs to Helena to wonder why they didn’t just dive into the sprinklers, go running through the spray like little kids, laughing and peeing themselves and not caring, letting the sprinklers wash away any evidence. For now, though, she’s just totally fixated on getting to a bathroom, closing a door, sitting down, and then and only then peeing like a racehorse.

As they reach the parking lot, Helena’s bladder is cramping painfully and Linda is clenching with all her might, denying her bladder’s demand for immediate release. Helena’s keys dangle from a wristlet. She steps from foot to foot as she inserts the key. She wiggles it in the (sometimes stiff and cantankerous) lock (wiggling her hips as well) and opens the door. Through the opposite window, she can see Linda’s furrowed brow, can see her bending over and dancing around. She climbs in and reaches across to unlock the passenger door. Linda gets in and slams her door closed. They fasten seatbelts loosely across their laps and Helena, biting her lower lip, turns the key in the ignition.

The engine turns over, chug chug chug chug chug, but doesn’t catch. Linda is knocking her knees together, both hands gripping her crotch. Her forehead is creased in worry at the sound of the engine. “No...” she says, horrified.

“It does this sometimes,” says Helena. “It’ll start.” She turns the key again. Chug chug chug chug. “Come on, baby,” she mutters. “Come on...”

Chug chug chug chug chug chug sputter chug chug chug sputter sputter VROOOOM! Finally the car starts. Helena grinds the gears putting it into reverse, then pulls out of their parking space and onto the street.

Home is ten or fifteen minutes away, depending on traffic, and—small mercy—there doesn’t seem to be much traffic today. As she drives, Helena’s bladder settles into a kind of equilibrium, acutely uncomfortable but not like she’s actually going to lose control. Linda, next to her, is another matter. Linda is rocking back and forth in her seat, moaning, her legs tightly crossed around her hands which are still jammed into her crotch. Helena spares a sideways glance at her. “Oh, sweetie,” she says with genuine concern and sympathy. But she’s also, almost against her will, incredibly turned on by now. She’s shifting her hips back and forth as she drives, partly because she has to pee so bad, but also because it serves to grind her clit. God, could she actually cum that way? Today it feels like, yeah, maybe she could.

In fact, no maybe about it. She wills herself to sit still. An orgasm here, in front of her best friend, would be impossible to hide. Impossible to explain. And it might make her pee. She tries knocking her knees together instead. That helps her hold her pee, but without the sexual stimulation.

Left onto Maple Street. Left again onto Elm. Then...

Dunkin Donuts!

Oh, thank God! “Yes!!!” Helena almost shouts. “I forgot there was a Dunkin Donuts here!” Linda smiles, though her face still shows the Herculean effort of holding on.

Helena pulls into the entrance, the tires screech a little coming to a stop, and then both the girls are tumbling out of the car. Linda can see the bathroom, the stall, the toilet, as if they were in front of her, the image vivid in her mind’s eye, and she runs. Helena is hobbling along a few steps behind her, so close to bursting now that she can barely walk. Oh my God I have to go I have to go I have to go go go!!!

Linda pulls open the door and rushes inside, Helena right behind her. The man behind the counter, portly and middle-aged, looks at them and says, “Sorry, ladies. Closing up for the day.”

“Wejustneedthebathroom,” Linda mumbles without breaking her stride, turning down the little hallway marked RESTROOMS. But the door to the ladies’ room is locked. Men’s, too.

Linda wraps one leg around the other and bends over double. She looks like she’s about to cry. “Out of order,” the man calls from out in the lobby. “No water. Some kind of break in the mains. That’s why I’m closing early.”

Linda thinks, Oh my God, I'm gonna pee in my pants. Helena thinks, Oh my God, I’m gonna cum.

Linda writhes, leaning against the restroom door for balance as she stands on one leg, bobbing up and down. Helena wonders, Can we ask the guy to open the bathrooms anyway? Let us pee even if we can't flush? But Linda is thinking of more desperate measures—an extra large cup to take out to the car. She turns and runs back out to the lobby. “Can I have...?”

The guy, seemingly oblivious, interrupts her. “I got nothing,” he says. “Can’t make anything without water. Cash register’s shut down for the day.”

Standing in front of the guy, Linda suddenly realizes she’s way too embarrassed to say what she really wants. Ask him for a cup? So she can go outside and pull down her pants in the car (Nobody walk by and glance in, OK?) and find a way to pee into the cup (Aim carefully! Don’t dribble!) and then pour it out on the pavement of his parking lot (Great big puddle on a sunny day, I wonder where that came from?) and then maybe give the cup to her friend so she can do the same? Can she really admit to him that it’s all she can do not to piss on the floor right in front of him? Get real. "Okaynevermindthanksanyway,” she mutters, and hurries out again.

Back in the VW bus, Helena thinks to herself that if she were alone, this is the point where she would just give up. She’s wearing a dress, the bikini under it is quick-drying nylon— no one would ever know. And she’s in pain. She looks over at her friend. Linda has unzipped her fly, no doubt to relieve pressure. Her belly looks like she’s four months pregnant. She’s buckling her seatbelt again, loose and low over her thighs. Her legs are crossed, and she’s bouncing in her seat.

“Linda?” says Helena.

Linda looks up, her face scrunched in agony.

“Do you want to just go?” Helena asks. Linda gives a little keening whimper. “Just right out there, next to the car. If you took off your shorts,” Helena explains, “you could pee through your bikini. With the door open for a little cover. I wouldn’t tell.”

Linda cranes her neck, looking all around, and Helena is thinking to herself, Please do it. Please do, because I won't feel good about doing it myself unless you do too, and I'm literally about to explode. Linda takes in the open parking lot, the other buildings all around, windows overlooking them, and the Dunkin Donuts manager still visible, puttering around inside. Unlike Helena, she’s not wearing a dress. Unlike Helena, her bikini bottom is a thong. She’d look like she was naked from the waist down. Reluctantly, she shakes her head. “Drive,” she says. There are beads of sweat on her forehead. “Drive fast.”

Five more blocks on Elm, then right up ahead onto Willow. Linda is rocking back and forth in her seat again, her legs tied in a knot, and Helena has gone back to squirming. It feels great, it feels sexy, but really it’s mostly about NOT PEEING.

Right on Willow, and—what the Hell is that? Orange sawhorses, painted with “CAUTION,” two or three utility trucks, and a cop directing traffic. The whole street wet, with a rushing stream running down the gutter. Mother of God, it’s the water main break that guy was talking about.

Linda’s eyes widen in horror, but the cop directs the forward, motions them into the left lane, and Helena maneuvers them past the trucks, the excavated pavement, the hills of wet dirt, and the workmen in orange vests and hardhats. Water is gushing from just below ground level, spraying up onto the street. The VW goes sloshing through it, the tires making little bow waves and leaving a wake behind them, and as they pass the break itself, the spray makes a loud spattering roar against the side of the van. Linda throws her head back and howls. Her legs are crossed at the thighs and again at the ankles and her hands are inside her shorts, white-knuckled. “Oh God no no no no noooooooooooo!!!” Even Helena almost loses it then, her breath puffing with the exertion of not...

Not...

Not...peeing!

They make it past the roadwork, and now Linda is rocking again, almost whimpering. She's really not going to make it, is she? thinks Helena. She pulls up to a red light and presses her own thighs tightly together. For that matter, I'm not sure I will. She hikes her dress up enough to reach under it to grip her own crotch. Gripping helps, but the temptation to rub her clit is overwhelming. She digs in with her middle finger, rubs in just the right spot—but when she feels herself nearing the brink of orgasm, she makes herself grip the steering wheel with both hands and goes back to scissoring her knees.

She looks over at Linda again. I hope she doesn't piss all over the inside of my car, she thinks.

I'd much rather have her get out and... “Linda? Honey?” she says.

“Mmm.” is all the response Linda can manage.

“If you’re not going to make it...”

“I’ll make it. I’m going to make it. I am NOT going to wet my pants.”

“OK. Just, if you need me to stop...”

“Green light.”

Helena steps on the clutch, shifts the VW into gear...

And stalls it. She shouts a swear word at the top of her lungs. Linda, beside her, moans, “Heleeeenaaaaaaaa...!” Helena turns the key. Chug chug chug. Now Helena is almost crying. Frustration. Her bladder in pain. Riding the edge of an orgasm and having to hide it. Trying not to cum. Feeling bad for her friend. Worried she’ll wet herself struggling with the engine and piss all over the inside of her VW. Or that Linda will. Then a car behind them honks. She turns the key again, taps the gas peddle. Chug chug sputter and then yes! They’re moving again! Jerking and bucking as Helena misjudges the clutch. She loses a spurt, her bottom suddenly hot and wet. She’s peeing hard for a quarter of a second or more before she gets it under control again, and she lets out a loud squeal.

“What?” says Linda.

“I leaked,” says Helena. “I’m wet.” But they’re moving, making the left turn, and coming up to speed on Chestnut Street.

Six more blocks to her house. Scissoring her knees, her crotch squelching wet. Linda, beside her, like knotted rope pulled tighter and tighter. Helena puffing with exertion. Linda chanting under her breath, “Hurry hurry hurry oh God oh God...”

The house, at last. The big old Victorian with the oak tree in front, purplish blue paint starting to peel, shaggy front lawn, wrought iron fence leaning a little. No parking spaces anywhere.

Past the house. Two house past, three houses, five houses... Finally a space! Reverse, careful not to stall. Parallel park. There.

Linda fumbles with the seatbelt, manages at last to unbuckle it. She bursts out the door, turns and faces inside for a second, long enough to zip up about halfway, just enough to keep her pants from falling down. She’s sweating, her eyes are squeezed closed, her jaw is clenched in a grimace, and she looks like she’s going to lose it and pee in her pants right there. But no, she turns and runs, dancing down the sidewalk as if she were barefoot on hot pavement.

Helena pauses long enough to lock the doors and grab her purse from under the seat. Should I give up? she wonders. Let go right here? After all, the back of her dress is wet already, and her crotch is damp, the hot pee turning cool in the afternoon air. Why not let it go? Pee down her legs. Empty a bladder that feels like it’s holding a gallon or more. Make a puddle at her feet, her own rushing river down the gutter like the water from that burst pipe. Especially since Linda obviously gets first crack at their one and only bathroom.

Tempting...

Yes?

No. Not right out in the street. But maybe in the yard. Especially if first, she were to...

She considers for half a second, and then climbs back into the car, pulling the door closed just enough so she can hike up her dress and slide out of her bikini bottom. Yes, it’s a very short dress, but it’s also a very short walk and it’ll be one less thing to deal with once she reaches the yard. She drops the damp bikini onto the floor between the seats and climbs out again to follow Linda down the sidewalk.

Not running. Helena can’t run at this point. She can barely walk, can barely stand upright. One foot carefully placed in front of the other. Ow. Let Linda run upstairs to the bathroom; Helena will walk around back, and—Oh yes yes yes, oh blessed relief!—and pee!

She hears the squeak of the iron gate, hears voices—Bob, their downstairs neighbor, saying hi to Linda. Linda muttering something and running on up the stairs to the second floor entrance. In just a few more seconds, Helena can let go. She actually starts to sing a little song:

Ifingoing to piss, piss, piss! It will be such bliss, bliss bliss!

She comes to the gate just as Bob is wrestling his bike out onto the sidewalk. Damn. Bad timing. She turns sideways to squeeze past him through the gate. That way, too, hopefully he won’t see that her dress is wet in back.

“Hey, Helena! How you doin’?” he says.

Helena forces a smile. “Good! You?” Get the fuck out of my way, is what she wants to say. I am literally about to explode. She stands on tiptoes.

“Great!” says Bob. He turns the wheel of his bike. He’s trying to be nice, trying to get it out of her way, but he ends up snagging her purse with the handlebar. It falls to the ground, spilling its contents. “Oh, Jeez! I’m sorry!”

Helena can’t help showing her exasperation. She crouches down to start picking things up, then remembers she has no underwear and quickly adjusts, pulling her dress between her knees. Did Bob get a flash of pussy? Oh, who cares?

Bob kneels to help her pick things up. Ride away, thinks Helena. Get on your stupid bike and ride away fast, so I can piss on the ground right here, right at the front gate. Oh God, it hurts, I have to pee so bad, and I want to just LET GO!!!

She jams the last of her things back into the purse. Bob stands, retrieves his bike from where he leaned it on the fence. “Thanks,” she says. She looks up at him, waiting for him to leave. Let me piss! He just stands there, looking at her. He's not going to ride away, she realizes. He's being polite, God damn it, he's not going to ride away until I stand up.

For crying out loud, she can’t get from here to a standing position in this dress without flashing again. Not without help. Reluctantly, she reaches out a hand. He takes it and helps her to her feet. If I don't piss in the next ten seconds, she thinks, I am literally going to die.

“OK, well...” How much longer is Bob going to just stand there?!? “See ya.” And then, at last, oh my God, he rides away.

This whole exchange actually takes less than a minute. Linda, meantime, is running up the outside staircase to the balcony with the entrance to the second floor apartment. Just a few more seconds. Hold on! Hold on! She tries the door, finds it locked—Oh no!!!—rattles it—You've got to be kidding!—and drops to the floor, grinding her crotch into her heel. She’s damp all of a sudden, and for a moment the pressure of her heel is all that keeps her from losing it altogether. Keening in agony, she closes her eyes, wills her bladder to relax, stretch, expand, accommodate... Helena has the key, of course. After a few seconds, Linda feels like she can stand up and run back down the stairs.

Helena steps through the gate and onto the grass, only to have Linda run frantically up to her saying, “It’s locked! It’s locked! Come on!” and then turn to run back up. Helena has no choice but to follow her and unlock the door.

She’s on the outside staircase now. Open railings. Anybody looking up could see her, see right up her dress. Her bare bottom, her vagina —labia engorged with arousal—are exposed to the whole world and all the neighbors. And if she pees herself now, it’ll be like Niagara Falls over the edge of the balcony. Only naked.

Key in the lock.

Does she really have to let Linda go first? Linda is unzipped again, holding the waistband with both hands, tugging hard to jam the denim into her vagina, a wet spot at her crotch the size of a half-dollar, eyes tightly closed, sweating, quicktime marching in place. Yes, she has to let Linda go first.

Turn the key.

She doesn’t realize it—won’t figure it out until later—but the door wasn’t locked, it was only stuck, and now she’s locked it.

Turn the knob. Tug. Rattle. Pull.

Linda says, “Come ooooooonnnnn...”

Helena loses another spurt. Her urethra winks open for just a split second, but it’s enough to send a trickle of hot pee down her inner thighs. She stands on one leg, grinding her thighs together to get it under control again.

Turns the knob one more time. Grips herself with her free hand. Her breath comes faster and deeper with the beginning of orgasm. With Linda right there.

“Try the back door!” she says.

Linda keens in frustration, but turns away to run down the stairs. Helena coaxes the key out of the lock and... and... and... oh God... follows.

Linda’s footsteps go clunk clunk clunk clunk clunk down the stairs. Helena tiptoes down, the pain in her bladder like a knife in her lower abdomen, her breath ragged, riding the crest of orgasm like a surfer outrunning the crashing wave.

Linda, a few steps ahead of her, slows and then stops, bending forward to rest her hands on her knees. She’s... Yes! She’s peeing! Meandering rivers snake down the backs of her thighs and over her calves. The she drops to the ground, kneeling, sitting back on her heels, and the hiss of water rushing through denim under high pressure is unmistakable, growing louder as a puddle forms under her crotch.

Helena still wants to make it around back before she lets go. (Lets go and pees? Or lets go and cums? She can’t tell the difference any more.) She grips herself as she runs, jamming her fingers deep into the fold of her vagina, pressing against her pee, pressing against her clit, pressing HARD, clutching rhythmically, and OH GOD!!! OH!!! OH!!! AHHHHH!!! She has to stop in her tracks, her whole body wracked with orgasm. Oh! Uhhh! (She tries to be quiet.) Nnngghhh! And her hand is wet, her cupped hand holding hot pee against her crotch.

It sprays out around the edges, over her thighs, the hem of her dress. She lets go and lefts the hem a few inches, just enough to be out of the way as she pours like a faucet, not caring that Linda, sitting on the ground a few feet behind her, can see her butt, can see everything. Probably not realizing that she could still be seen from the sidewalk as well, if anyone were walking past. Or maybe not caring. Or maybe minding, but absolutely powerless to do anything about it, cumming and going... and cumming and cumming and going and going and going.

Her face is a contorted mask of almost unbearable ecstasy, but Linda can see her only from behind. It seems like five minutes or more that Helena stands like that, feeling like an open spillway at the Hoover Dam. When at last she turns around, Linda looks up at her and says, “Wow. You really did have to go.”

Did Linda really not notice the orgasm in those last minutes of desperate struggle and release? It might actually be possible she didn’t. Helena certainly won’t ever ask.

They hear a sound from overhead. The door, the one they locked by mistake, opens from the inside. One of Helena’s roommates steps out onto the balcony and leans over the railing to look down at them. “Oh, hi Linda. Hey, Helena.”

Linda smiles up at her and waves.

“Were you guys trying to get in?”

“Whoa,what? Oh,right. Yeah”

Something in Helena’s voice makes the roommate ask, “You guys OK?”

“Yeah,” says Helena. “Never better.”

