The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (5, 6)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'08)

Debbie Five

Dear Aquavite,

Its not that I enjoy looking at women. I'd much rather see a cute guy in a short pair of see-through shorts (like some of the guys in my tennis class). But I do kinda get turned on when I see or hear about guys being able to see a cute girl's panties and getting turned on by it. It makes me feel real sexy and makes we wish that they were getting turned on by seeing my panties. That's all. Its not like I'm bi or anything.

Now I have another question for you. I'm taking a tennis class and luckily I still fit into my tennis skirts that I had in high school but there a lot shorter on me now. But when I bought them they didn't come with matching tennis briefs. I remember buying them at a department store and the lady telling me that I should just go to a sporting goods store and buy tennis briefs so I did but I remember hating the way they looked on me so I didn't play tennis that much and I guess I got rid of them because they weren't hanging with my skirts.

Anyway, when I signed up for the class I'm in now I met my instructor and asked him if its OK for girls to wear just there panties under there skirt or would that be in appropriate. He smiled and said its perfectly OK for me to wear just my panties and that a lot of women do that. So that's what I'm doing. I'm wearing just my panties under my skirt like he said but none of the other girls to that. They wear tennis briefs, shorts, or biker shorts. Do you ever play tennis and do you know any girls who wear just there panties under there skirts or should I go get tennis briefs? I'd rather just wear my panties because I think they look so much cuter on.

So you liked my story when I was cheerleading? I figured you would because guys seem to like the cheerleader look (and girls hate it when they see other girls looking that way because they know all the guys will be watching the other girl). At least you seem to understand the difference between spankies and panties. Spankies aren't very sexy to me but panties are. And all cheerleaders wear spankies and most wear panties underneath there spankies.

Some of the stories I've read about wetting seem to say that cheerleaders wear just panties under there skirts but that's not true although it did happen to me that one time. I forgot to tell you that my partner asked why I changed because he knew I was wearing just panties from having to hold me above his head and everything else so I had to tell him what happened which was really embarrassing and that I changed because I didn't want to gross him out by wearing wet spankies. He kinda laughed and said he was sorry that happened to me. I just hope he never told all the other guys.

OK. I have a really cute pair of white bikini panties with lost of cute frilly lace along the legs and waist which I'll wear on Saturday. They look real little girlish. But they're silk so I need to be careful not to have an accident. Do you want me to wear my pink skirt or my black skirt? And should I bend over a lot?

So you think that Steffi Graf wears just her panties to? Wow! So if you say that Steffi Graf and Jane Seymour wear just their panties and their both so pretty and famous then it must be perfectly normal for girls wear their panties under there tennis skirts. [I had send Debbie a picture of Jane Seymous playing tennis with her panties showing.] OK, you've convinced me. I think the other girls in my class just don't know that its OK.

I don't think anyone has ever really seen my wet spot growing on my panties but I'm sure I've been wet when people have seen my panties.

I can't ever remember doing a pee dance but crossing my legs or even holding myself happens all the time. Wow, I've never thought about passionate sex with peeing. I've always known that I was gonna get spanked and that's one reason why its so upsetting to me.

Wow. You say that Sara wet her panties again this morning! Poor poor Sara! But at least you don't spank her. You should tell her that she's lucky she doesn't get spanked every time she wets her panties. 

Whenever you describe looking up Sara or Joanne's skirt and seeing there wet panties I get turned on and I don't know exactly why. Probably because I like knowing how guys get so turned on from seeing our panties. I'm thinking about going into the little girls room now and having a few mini accidents and wearing my panties wet like that for the rest of the day and imagining you looking up my skirt! Today I'm wearing white with flowers. Want me to do that?

###

Debbie Six

Dear Aquavite,

OK I'll wear my short black tennis skirt with my white silk panties and try to bend over a little more than usual. I like that contrast a lot to.

Yes I masturbate and I think I already told you that I get real wet, enough for it to soak through my panties. Dave likes watching me but doesn't want me to do it without him. A few times he's caught me doing it without him or other times he could tell because my panties were wet and I was spanked for it so when I do it alone I have to be real careful about it. I like to do it through my panties and yes I've done it in the car when Dave wanted me to and sometimes alone.

So I really did have a few mini accidents in my white flowered panties yesterday. It felt kinda weird doing it like that for no reason because usually it happens because I can't hold it. But this time I walked into the little girls room, lifted my skirt and sat on the toilet with my panties still on and watched as I started going in them. Then I stopped and pulled them down and finished going in the toilet. It was kinda weird for me to do that. I wore them like that the rest of the day like I usually do when I have mini accidents but they were pretty dry by the time I got home so no spanking from Dave. Did Sara wet her panties again this morning? Was she wearing a white cotton string bikini with lace in front again? 
