One of the best ever!

By lifeisbutapee (2012-12-06)

Hi, this is my first proper post so go easy on me because I'm not really used to writing this sort of stuff. If anyone has any tips or improvements then I'd love to here them x:)

Anyway, as part of my job I travel a lot, and therefore use lots of service stations. I've had loads of sightings in various stations I've been to, and even a few personal experiences! To kick off my posts, I'll start with one of the best sightings I've ever had ^_^ :

It was a spring day. The air was warm but not hot, so most people were wearing trousers and t-shirts, and a few had cardigans on. I had been traveling for a while and decided to pull into a service station to get a snack and a drink and use the toilets there. I wasn't really desperate, but I went straight to the toilets because experience has taught me to go while there isn't a queue!!!

The toilets were really tiny. There was just one actual toilet, with a seperate cubicle for baby changing and an area for sinks. So I guessed that soon as lunch time approached the bathroom would get rather busy. I was right!

I went inside and finished eating a quick sandwich, and drinking a coffee (I decided that a large coffee might make the rest of my journey more exciting), and was just about to leave before something caught my eye.

A man, probably in his mid-twenties, had just entered the station looking rather on-edge and panicked. He walked straight to the counter, pushing passed the queue of people, and asked the worker something. I couldn't hear exactly what he had asked, but it was pretty clear from his foot tapping and bouncing that he had asked where the toilets were.

The worker pointed outside and the man thanked them and shuffled out. My heart skipped as I realised that he was really desperate! Well, I was hardly going to leave it at that!!! I got up and followed the man outside towards the bathroom, where my heart skipped again, when I saw that I had been right before, there was now a large queue, and the man was right at the back!

As my heart skipped, the man's heart sunk. I massive look of doubt suddenly crossed his face which made me almost squeel with delight...perhaps this day was going to be exciting afterall.

I got behind the man in the queue and took the time to check him out a little bit more; he was wearing blue jeans, the sort that always shows that lovely dark patch from wetting. He had a T-shirt that wasn't exactly tight but not baggy either, and he had socks and shoes on that would no doubt get soaked if what I wanted to happen really happened. ;)

I should just say now, before I got further, that this was not the sort of station where one just nips behind a bush and lets rip! Appart from anything else, there were no trees or bushes to speak of. Also, there was a police car parked up to the side of the car-park, so it's not like the man could have just gone full show behind his car or something! ^_^

The queue had about 5 people in, and as one person left, and the queue moved up, the man's desperation took a turn for the worse...or the better in my case :p

He began to fidget like mad. His hands were clenched into fists and his teeth were gritted. He was frantically bouncing from one leg to the other and occasionally crossing his legs. I started to get incredibly turned on. The man had started to breath in deep, sharp, rhythmic motions that only an omo fan would recognise as a sign of sheer desperation. He kept bouncing higher and higher, until his body gave a jolt and he clamped his legs crossed very tightly.

It took a few seconds for the man to compose himself and regain control over his bladder - I suspected he may have leaked a little, although nothing visible. He desperately looked round for another option, but found none. All the while my panties were dampening with utter pleasure - I couldn't believe how lucky I was!

The man decided to assess his need; he placed a tentative hand on his aching bladder to reveale one of the biggest buldges I think I've ever seen. His skin was smooth around his incredibly full bladder and every time his hand pressed even slightly too far down the man winced in pain and desperation.

All of a sudden, I saw something which nearly made me moan with delight. A small wet patch appeared on the man's tight blue jeans. I saw him looking at the others in the queue, perhaps wondering whether he could ask to skip to the front, but saw that the other (now only 2) people were a pregnant woman, and a mother with a young child. So he could hardly skip passed them. I started to feel sorry for the man, but equally delighted as his hand automatically shot towards his dick as the wet patch grew a little larger.

The man was now so desperate I couldn't believe it. He turned around and looked at me, and I'm not sure why but I just sort of panicked and asked,

"are you ok?"

To which he reluctantly replied "no...I really really really have to pee".

The man stood in front of me jumping up an down, his legs very tightly crossed and his hand massaging his dick, his other hand stroking his swollen bladder.

"I don't think I can hold it much longer..." he said, not really talking to me but to himself.

Suddenly a very large spurt came out and a big wet patch was now visible on his tight jeans.

"hold it in, just hold it in...oh god, I'm gonna wet myself" the man muttered, turning me on so much.

Then it happened, a few spurts came quickly one after the other, causing the man to grab his dick very strongly with both hands, before a steady trickle came out. I was amazed that the man was able to keep it at a trickle for so long, but soon the flow began to get a little heavier, and then it quickly turned into a full blown stream that ran down his legs and soaked his jeans. A puddle was forming around him and he started to look very embarrassed. Tears formed in his eyes,

"it's ok, I'm sure you're no the first one..." I said to comfort him, and he smiled weakly. Looking at his wet jeans just made me absolutely have to rub my throbbing pussy...

"I really have to pee too" I lied, making an excuse for the rubbing. He smiled and said he hoped I made it, before almost running back to his car. I still remember that moment to this day as though it was yesterday, it was possibly one fo the best sightings I've every had!!! :D
