PeePillow (part 5) 

Author: aAylee Kennicott

In the morning, I was surprised to find a message waiting in the chatroom from yellowdog — one of the old regulars who hadn't been around much recently.

Damn, girl! I sign on for the first time in months to find you are killing it as a camgirl. No lie, these videos are smoking hot and also really beautiful and artistically shot. Ãò in awe!

As for your other questions — if you caught someone in a vulnerable spot and you want them to know that you accept that about them, it might be best to make yourself vulnerable, too. Ãò not suggesting you stage a scene where they "catch”you, too...but I think if you want to make a connection with them, they ought to know somehow you're on the same page. But in a way that won't make them feel called out.

Also, Ãò a college student, too! Well, I was taking a leave of absence last year, but now Ãò back into it. I assume you're around my age as well? What do you study?

I read and reread his message. I always enjoyed yellowdog's videos, though he hadn’t posted any in a long time. He would take videos of himself soaking carpets, pissing in taboo places, even peeing discreetly among a crowd.

I felt a little flattered and humbled to be complimented by someone whom I had to name as a source of inspiration. Not only creative inspiration...to be frank, I had masturbated often to his work.

But also, I had no idea he was so young. He had posted videos of himself in places around the world...I assumed he was some young entrepreneur or guy traveling for business. Or maybe a rich kid traveling to festivals on his parents’ dime.

Slowly, I typed out a message in return: Wow, thanks for the kind words, and the good advice! Ãò studying Engineering— what about you?

He must have been online because his response came quickly. Film & New Media. I want to be a Director, actually. Could you tell from the videos? Though I hope, if I ever get rich and famous, they never discover my back catalog.

I snorted at that — he probably had hundreds of piss porn videos posted online — but suddenly my stomach tightened with a new realization. I was tracking a college student from the Film department named Yamal Deep. Here was an aspiring director under the handle yellowdog.

Both were, presumably, turned on by pissing in taboo places. It couldn’t be...right?

I chatted and flirted a bit more with yellowdog before heading off to class, but once there I couldn’t concentrate. I took a seat in the back of the class and pretended to take notes while I looked up Yamal on social media.

He didn’t post much, but there were a few links to some of his independent (nonpornographic) short films — like the one I had seen playing in the academic building late at night - and some interesting photo albums of the sets and actors he was working with.

But the update on his profile that caught my eye was posted recently, just within the last few weeks, where he announced that he was hiring himself out as a videographer to earn some extra money for school. “After taking a leave of absence due to family illness and financial necessity,” his status explained, “I’m back at college. But in order to afford to stay here and graduate with the rest of my class, I really need to take on some paid work. Anyone? Anyone need someone to hold a camera? Or a microphone? Something?”

The coincidences were too perfect to be ignorable. And also, a new idea was beginning to take shape in my mind.

###

It took over a week before I steeled my nerve enough to contact Yamal directly online. My profile picture wasn’t a direct shot of my face, so I didn’t think he would recognize me as the girl who caught him pissing outside the student center.

I just sent a casual message explaining that I was looking for a film student to help me with a video project/business venture, that I heard he was taking commissions, and that I was willing to pay him - ending it with a suggestion to meet up later this week at the student-run cafe on campus.

The message I received back was tentative but polite and agreeable. “Oh, you must have seen my flyer outside the cafeteria,” he said. I hadn’t, but pretended that was the case. We made plans for Thursday afternoon.

Regardless, there was little reason to be anxious. We were both students at the same school, and he wouldn’t suspect anything was strange until I told him directly. I just needed to steel my nerve and take the leap of faith.

In the days before our meeting, I slowly went through the box of my recent purchases: the things I wanted to piss on in front of the camera.

On Tuesday, I bunched up the soft cotton towel, sat back on my heels, tucked the towel under my pussy, and peed openly and visibly onto it. Viewers could see clearly how the liquid soaked through the fabric and swelled it.

On Wednesday, I let it rain down onto the small potted plant. It was sort of delightful, watching the little droplets of piss scatter and slip down the broad waxy leaves into lower levels, finally disappearing into the soil.

By Thursday, I was too nervous to concentrate on filming anything. I paced a lot, and skipped my classes out of anxiety, and spent way longer than usual picking out an outfit.

I was seated and waiting at the cafe 30 minutes earlier than our arranged time: nursing my iced tea, tucked away in the corner, feeling excited and self-conscious.

Yamal was early, too. He showed up 15 minutes later than me, and as he scanned the seats I raised my hand and waved.

I searched his face as he approached for signs that he recognized me, but there was no indication that he knew who I was. But it was a handsome face to look at. Strikingly black hair framed his heart-shaped face and enhanced the effect of his long, dark eyelashes. His dark complexion was especially attractive set against the deep jewel hues of his clothing. Seeing it, I was reminded of the vivid and expressive colors from his student film which had kept me riveted.

Yamal greeted me with a smile and a handshake, and sat at ease as he asked questions about what need I had for his services.

I told him about my webcam business, though I didn’t disclose the nature of it yet, leaving him with the impression that I was just a regular vlogger. I told him about the fixed shots I took with the tripod, as well as the live-streaming I did (trying not to smirk too much at the word live- streaming).

What I emphasized to him was that although I was amassing a fanbase quickly, I cared a lot more about artistic expression than making money. I wanted to increase the quality and caliber of my videos, and so I told him that I wanted to work with different sets, and bolder color palettes. I wanted the video composition to look more professional. That was where I could use his guidance.

I also told him how impressed I had been to see his student film of the black-and-white dancers, and he ducked his head in modesty. “It comforts me to hear you say that,” he said. “Though it’s not requisite for business partners to like my art, I think it bodes well for collaboration if you think my vision is sound.”

“I really do,” I said emphatically, not yet mentioning the fact that I had also seen quite a number of videos from his sordid “back catalog.”

“So have you just been filming in your dorm room?” he asked, and I nodded. “I can’t do much there with backgrounds except just hiding it by zooming in on me. But I’d love the idea of using some kind of backdrop, or even an assortment if that’s possible. I thought you might have some creative suggestions, given your line of work.”

“Have you thought about filming outside, and using more natural landscapes?” he asked. It was an innocent question, but it made me pause for a moment, imagining myself exposed and in the open, peeing in taboo places. And then it reminded me of his own naughty pissing. He looked at me strangely; my expression must have given something away.

“I might work up to that,” I said finally. “But I really like working in privacy right now.”

“So whatever you set up ought to fit in your room?” he confirmed, and I nodded again.

“Do you...want to see the space?” I asked. “I can show you a little bit of what I’ve been doing so far.”

“Yeah, it would be great to see your current setup,” he said, so we took our sweating drinks to go and I led him nervously back to my dorm room.

Luckily my suite-mates were all in class, so we had the place to ourselves. We’d be in my room with the door closed anyway, but I wanted to feel secure that we couldn’t be overheard.

“Here it is,” I said, opening the door and sweeping my arm around to indicate the ordinariness of it: just a regular dorm room.

But Yamal looked around with interest at my books and posters and little elements of decoration and color. “Cute space/’ he said.

“Thanks.”

“I see you have a wall tapestry behind your bed. Have you ever thought of using something like that as a backdrop?”

“I did, actually, in one of my early videos...”

He looked back at me. “So I don’t know if I caught what kind of content you film? Is it like, educational? Makeup videos? Those are big right now.”

Oh boy, here we go.

“Ah...it’s a little more niche than that,” I said delicately. “Actually, Yamal...can I be totally blunt and honest with you? I want to be able to trust you, and you seem like a guy who wouldn’t judge me for this, but it’s important that you know exactly what you’re getting into.”

“Yeah, of course,” he said, eyes wide to show his sincerity.

“The truth is...” I took a breath. “I’m sort of a camgirl? The content that I film is...well, it’s mostly pornographic.”

“Ohhh,” he said. “I see, I see. Well...what kind of porn? If you’re comfortable bringing someone into your work space...” he hesitated. “I mean, as long as no animals are involved, I think I’d be okay with it.”

“Like I said before, it’s pretty niche.”

He must have seen my nervousness because he said, “Well, if you’d rather not talk about it now, we can always-”

“No, no. I want to show you,” I said. My heart was hammering in my chest. I still had no real evidence that Yamal Deep and yellowdog were the same person, but I had seen Yamal pissing in public and filming it — as long as I hadn’t misconstrued the situation upon catching him with his phone in hand - and it seemed likely that we shared the same interest. But there was still that hitch of doubt...

Before I could psych myself out, I crossed the room and punched the space bar on my laptop to wake it up. The video I wanted to show him was already queued up and it started playing immediately.

I decided to start with the beer stein video, since it was probably the one I was most proud of.

And I knew that yellowdog had seen it online. But I didn’t watch the video as it played; I watched Yamal’s face.

At first he looked confused, then apprehensive. I worried that I had gotten it all wrong. But his concerned face turned to me. “Where....where did you get this?”

“Um.” At first I thought he meant the beer stein, which I had just ordered online with a gift card given by a fan, but then it became clear he was talking about the video itself. “This is it. It’s mine. I made it over the weekend.”

Anxiety took over and I started blabbing: “Sorry, I probably should have given you some warning before I played it, I know that this isn’t appealing for a lot of people and I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable-”

“Wait, wait,” he said, putting his hands up. "You...you’re the creator of that video?”

“Are you ...surprised?”

He looked me dead in the eyes. “You swear this isn’t a prank, right? There’s no “candid camera” happening here?”

“Um...nothing candid on camera except this/’ I said, indicating the screen where my own cunt, close-up, was pissing a forceful stream.

“That’s you?”

“I promise it is.”

“I have to admit something,” he told me earnestly, and my heart gave a little leap into my throat.

“What’s that?”

“I’ve seen this video already,” he admitted, turning back to the screen and gazing at it. “Actually, I really admired the aesthetic effect.

Amateurish, yes, but you have a good eye for video composition.”

I swallowed. “Can I ask...are you...yellowdog?”

He met my eyes again and smiled, nodding. “So you knew already.”

“I...suspected,” I said, releasing a nervous laugh that had been building. “Only because there were certain...coincidences.”

“Oh?” he quirked a raised eyebrow at me.

“Yeah, I, uh...well, it’s a long story, but...”

He listened patiently while I narrated what I had been through recently: my webcamming, the “pee incident” after I had seen him entering the men’s bathroom, the fact that I had spotted him outside the student center. And then the whole chain of events that had led me to discovering who he was.

He was a little embarrassed to be under such scrutiny, but appreciated the serendipity of our meeting. “I was so panicked that someone caught me outside the student center that I walked away without really looking at your face,” he said. “I had no idea that was you. Even less idea, of course, that...anyone else might have enjoyed what I was doing.”

“Well...” I gestured again to the screen, where I had pulled up a folder of all my own videos in the course of our conversation. Some there were unedited, and others were finished and already posted online. “It’s kind of my bread and butter right now.”

“So...” he hung his head. “I guess it’s a little strange to ask, since, uh, due to our shared interests there is an element of this that goes beyond business-professional, but...can you show me some more of your work?”

I giggled. “Of course. I’m glad you asked.”

Yamal explained that he was returning to the internet piss porn scene after a long time away from it, which explained his absence in the chat and his lack of uploads in the last year. Though he’d seen the one beer stein video, he hadn’t explored my other videos further.

So now I took him to my own porn video account and went methodically through the posts, starting with the very first few where I had experimented pissing all over the PeePillow.

“Whoa!” he exclaimed when he realized why it was so special - and exclaimed again when I pulled out the pillow in question and handed it to him to feel. “This is amazing. I’ve never known this kind of technology existed.”

“Yeah, I’ve been wondering recently who actually invented it, or why. I mean, it seems tailor- made for the purpose I’m using it for now. Like, the people who buy it are either suffering from incontinence, or into the kink. Who else would even try it?”

He nodded, still squishing a plump corner of the pillow in his fist, marveling at how soft and clean it felt. “It seems like a great entry point for people who are nervous to try experimenting with it, too.”

“Definitely,” I confirmed. “It was for me.”

“Wow,” he said, and there was silence for a moment before he said, “I kinda wish I could see...someone use it.”

A little shiver crept down from my hairline and another traveled up from my groin and the two met somewhere in my midsection. My cup of iced tea, empty except for some ice cubes, was slowly leaking condensation all over my bedside table. All that tea was in me now, building the pressure in my bladder.

“As a matter of fact...” I said, trying to keep my voice casual and light, as if it wasn’t important. “I do have to pee right now.”

Yamal choked, and then coughed loudly. “Sorry,” he gasped. “I’m fine. Just inhaled my own saliva.”

“It’s okay,” I said, fidgeting a little until his breath cleared and he managed to say, “If you’re willing to show me, I’d be very glad to watch.”

“At this point, it’s nothing you haven’t seen already,” I said. “And if we’re going to be business partners...”

I dropped the PeePillow on the floor and kicked it into position under me, pulling off my panties at the same time. I tried steadfastly to concentrate on what I was doing, and not look at Yamal’s wide- eyed expression as I squatted down.

But, of course, now that I was asked to perform I was feeling a little nervous — a little pee-shy — and the flow didn’t come immediately. I waited patiently for a moment, rocking a little on the pads of my feet. Yamal also waited patiently, his gaze fixed somewhere over my shoulder as if politely giving me privacy even though the purpose was for him to watch.

I breathed and tried to relax and finally closed my eyes. Blocking out the visual world around me helped my brain quiet down, and presently I felt the pressure build and move downwards and finally erupt as I released my hold. Pee gushed out of me onto the pillow below.

“Oooh,” I sighed. Now, I opened my eyes and immediately (accidentally) locked gaze with Yamal, who was staring at me with a new and different intensity.

I heard more than felt the flicker of my piss stopping as I clenched down in surprise, but that only lasted a moment before the stream picked up again with full force.

“Fuck,” I said. I sat back on my heels suddenly, still aiming my urine downward and letting it flow out of me. God, what a relief.

When the last dribble faded away and sunk into the pillow, I staggered to my feet.

“Damn," Yamal said, watching me grab a tissue and blot the inside of my thighs. Nothing else was wet or dirtied, thanks to the pillow. “That was...insanely hot. I am not surprised that your videos are getting so popular.”

“Oh, thanks,” I said. I was properly blushing now. Not only was I a bit aroused from all that spurting, but I had done it in front of an appreciative and attractive audience.

“So...okay, I don’t mean to go all business talk on you right away, but what else do you have planned for this channel? Specifically, not just artistically like we talked about before?”

“Well, I’m currently working on a mini-series,” I said. “I ordered a bunch of stuff online and I’m methodically pissing on it all. But I get so many requests for things to pee on that I thought I would start there.”

“That’s a good idea, yeah. Your target audience is already telling you exactly what they want. So have you compiled all that information in a useful format?”

We talked for hours; I had never made a business plan before, but Yamal had a certain amount of experience and he helped walk me through articulating my intentions. We had pages and pages of scribbled notes by the time Yamal checked his watch, yelped, and hurriedly explained that he needed to get back to his room to upload an assignment online that was due at midnight.

We parted ways for the evening, but we already had a plan to meet that weekend for our first filming attempt. I thought I might be too excited to last the wait, but Saturday arrived sooner than I expected.

