The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (23-26)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'12)

Debbie twenty three

Sorry I haven't written but I've been pretty busy here also since they haven't hired a replacement for Tim yet in our office. Anyway, I thought of you because after lunch I was on the phone and hadn't used the little girls room but its not like I had to go real urgently but I was on the phone and then I had to sneeze because I think I'm getting another cold and when I sneezed I felt myself go a little in my panties and then I sneezed again and I went more and I thought I was about to have an accident. So I quickly got off the phone and rushed to the little girls room and fortunately made it to the toilet in time and finished going there. But my panties were wet and I can feel there still damp but they should dry by the end of the day when I go home so Dave probably won't think anything. But I'm wearing pants today because its raining here so they won't dry as fast as they would if I was wearing a short skirt. Anyway that made me think of you and I figured you'd like hearing that. 

Is it raining up there? I love it when it rains because its so good for the environment but the only thing I don't like is having to wear pants and cold weather clothes. I don't like wearing real bulky clothes.

So you want another high school story. OK I remember another time but I don't think you'll like it as much as the others, or maybe you will. I'm not really sure what you like so much about my stories. So anyway my friend Rebecca was having a party one night. It was during my sophmore year so I must've been 15 or 16. Her parents were really cool so there were lots of people there. My parents would never let me have a party like that and I had to even lie about there being boys there. Anyway, some of us were sleeping over so I bought a change of clothes and after everyone left we all went upstairs to Rebeccas room. None of us were really tired but we all got undressed for bed but ended up staying up real late talking. I was in my night shirt and panties. 

I remember us talking about which guys we liked and that kinda stuff and having a great time. Then we started playing a game where we each had to share how far we gone with a guy or something like that and I remember being uncomfortable and not wanting to play because I hadn't done much more then kiss but we started playing and when it got to my turn I said I didn't want to tell but everyone said I had to because that was the rules. I should've just made up something but I kept saying no I don't want to say. So then someone said if I don't say then there gonna tickle it out of me. Well I hadn't used the toilet before going to bed yet and I'm really ticklish but I still didn't want to say anything so then they all started tickling me and I started to scream and they wouldn't stop. They were saying tell us and I just kept screaming because they wouldn't stop tickling me. 

But then I could feel that I was about to start wetting my panties so I screamed for them to stop otherwise I was gonna have an accident so some stopped but others seemed to tickle me even more. I tried to push them away but the wouldn't stop and I could tell that I couldn't hold it anymore so I remember curling up with my legs together but finally the tickling was to much and I felt myself starting to go in my panties so I screamed and said "please stop because I'm wetting my panties" but I remember one girl Alice who I never really liked started laughing at me and saying "Debbie's wetting her panties" and tickling me more.

And then she or someone lifted my night shirt above my waist and then they could see that my panties really were getting wet so they all started laughing and she kept tickling me and I couldn't stop so then I started to cry so someone told her to stop. I got up and put my hand under my panties and ran down the hall to the toilet. I don't remember if I kept going as I was running down the hall but I'm sure I did because my panties were pretty wet. I finished going in the toilet but I was really upset and embarrassed.

Then there was a knock on the door and it was Rebecca's mom and she asked if I was alright and if I brought a clean pair of panties. She must've woken up and asked the others what had happened. I told her yes and where I left my stuff and she came back with my other pair of panties for me to change into and said I could leave the wet ones there and she'd put them with the dirty clothes. Afterwards I went back to Rebecca's room and they all said they were sorry even Alice but I don't think she meant it and that it was just a game. So that was the end of the game and we talked a little more and we all started to laugh about it and then we went to bed. 

The next morning we were all eating breakfast and no one had said anything about it until Rebecca's older brother who was a senior and on the football team came in and said something about hearing us laughing and making lots of noise last night and then Alice said it was because I wet my panties. I was so embarrassed and some of the others gigled and I can't even remember what he said after that. I justed wanted to kill Alice for saying that. Anyway, Rebecca's mom washed my panties and Rebecca gave them back to me later that week at school. So thats the story. I'm sure I'm forgeting parts of it but it was 10 years ago.

Anyway, its taken all afternoon to finish this because I've had so many interuptions so I better send it now.

Bye, Debbie

###

Debbie twenty four

Dear Aquavite,

Thanks for your letter and I'm glad you liked the story. I remember it happening but not much of the details. At least not like the McDonalds time or some of the other times I told you about. I don't remember really how much my panties got wet but since I was on the floor and not standing up or sitting they probably did get wet more then just between the legs. And I don't remember what color they were. Probably white or white with flowers nylon bikinis because thats what I wore most of the time back then. I still do wear white and white with flowers but Dave likes to see me in other colors to like peach, pink, baby blue, yellow. 

When I had the mini accident the other day I was wearing white with flowers silk string bikinis. My pants got a little wet but just a little, not enough to even notice. Today I'm wearing blue jeans and pink silk bikini panties but no mini accidents.

I went back and looked at the stories you wrote about tickling. I'd forgotten about them. I liked the first one (was it Barbara) especially because how her panties would innocently show without her knowing and that the guys would talk about what panties she was wearing and because you could see her panties through her blue dress and you guys were just friends but then you were tickling her and her dress was up around her waist and you could see her panties and she didn't seem to be very embarrassed about it. It seemed really innocent and little girlish to me. Thats what I liked about it.

I also noticed you've been sending in lots more of our letters. I didn't know you sent in that many. Has anyone sent any comments about them? And do you still think people are interested in them? I don't think there very interested because it seems like all the other stories are so dramatic that they seem totally fake to me but thats what people must like to read. Real dramatic stuff thats fake not real. And my letters to you aren't very dramatic, not like some of the other stories.

I think its funny that you tell me that your feeling horny. Are you still feeling horny? You should go take Sara and start kissing her from behind on the neck and then slide your hands down her chest down to her dress and then slowly lift her dress and run your hand up her inner thigh and then start touching her through her panties until you can feel that she's wet. And all this time your kissing her on the neck. And then pick her up like a little girl and carry her to the couch or the bed and lay her down and then touch her more through her panties and kiss her all over and keep doing that until she orgasms. Then only after that happens can she start to undress you. I bet she'd love that. I know I would but it never seems to go that way. 

I better go because Dave's having some friends over to watch the Lakers game tonight and he wants me to be there. 

Anyway, bye for now, Debbie


###

Debbie twenty five

Dear Aquavite,

Today's a short day here and I can't believe its already the end of the week. Everyone's already starting to leave but I wnated to let you know I'm thinking about you and I hope you and Sara have a great Thanksgiving! Do you two have any special plans? 

Not much to tell you about. I'm over my cold/flu. My mini accident at the traffic court wasn't anything big. Because I was still sick then I was drinking lots of fluids and having to use the toilet every couple hours it seemed. Then I remembered I had to drop off my traffic school certificate at the court and they recommended not to mail it. So I drove down there and thought it would take maybe 15 minutes or half an hour. The line was about 10 people long and it took forever.

All I had to do was drop it off but the people infront of me took so long. When I finally got to the front of the line I knew I had to go real bad but I didn't want to lose my place and I figured it would just be another minute. But then a lawyer came up and apparently they don't have to wait so he went infront of me and I had to wait longer. I was hoping he'd be fast but he was longer then just about anyone else. So I stood there with my legs crossed waiting for him to finish. Finally he finished and then I walked up to the window and as soon as I started walking I felt myself starting to go in my panties. I was wearing my white sweats and a pink top and my panties were white with flowers.

I quickly crossed my legs again and was holding it and trying to answer the girls questions behind the window. Fortunatley it only took a few minutes and I was done. Then I asked her where the little girls room was and she pointed around the corner. So I gathered my stuff and quickly went to the toilet and I remember feeling myself starting to go again. I made it to the toilet and quickly closed the door and pulled down my sweats and then my panties and finished going but my panties were pretty wet between the legs but it wasn't like a major accident. My sweats got a little wet on the way home from sitting in the car but I just changed them when I got home so Dave never found out. So that how it went. Just another mini accident.

Hey I read the new story about Joanne. I like those stories because I know what she's going through but I feel so bad for her. Poor Joanne! I bet she has lots of stories like that to tell.

How are you and Sara? Have you showed her off anywhere lately? I hope she hasn't had any more accidents even though I know you would love it.

I better go. Have a happy Thanksgiving!

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Debbie twenty six

Dear Aquavite,

Sorry I haven't written much lately but guess what? Right, I had an accident today after lunch. Not a major one but not really a mini one either. I went to lunch with a friend and we walked to this place about 15 minutes away but it was nice to get outside. We had lunch and I had a big glass of ice tea and they kept refilling it. Anyway when we were walking back I could feel I had to go soon. When we got back to the building she wanted to talk more so we did and then I knew I really had to go. Then she left and I went inside and then I didn't feel like I had to go as much anymore. That happens sometimes. I'll feel like I really need to go and then it'll go away.

Anyway, since I didn't feel like I had to go as bad anymore, I started going through some work and about 15 minutes later all of a sudden I had to go really bad. But then my boss came by and asked me if I had finished a few things he asked for so I showed him what I'd done and he gave me more instructions and then went inside his office. Then I quickly got up and went to the little girls room but on the way I started to go a little but then I was able to hold it back but only for a second because then I started going alot. I almost had to stop in the hallway just to control it. I got to the toilet and closed the door and I started going more. I'm wearing a long skirt today which just made it harder. So I grabbed my skirt and bunched it around my waist and I was still going in my panties. I sat down and I could see my panties getting wet. I'm wearing my peach silk panties today. I pulled them down around my knees and then finished going in the toilet.

I couldn't believe how quickly it happend but I should've known because thats happened before to me alot. At least I didn't cry otherwise my boss would've known something was wrong. I tried to wipe my panties dry with some toilet paper but they were really wet. Its been almost 4 hours and I can still feel a little dampness. And I need to sneak out of here a little early tonight so that I make it home in time to change and wash my panties out before Dave gets home because I can't let him find out because you know why. Anyway, I've been thinking about writing to you and then this happened so I knew I had to write you today. Who knows, maybe it happened because I've been so bad at writing you lately and that was my punishment. If that's true then I need to write to you everyday!

How are you and Sara? Any more stories about showing her off? And how's Joanne? I hope she hasn't had to many more accidents. I feel bad for her sometimes. I hope your OK. I better start getting ready to go.

Bye for now, Debbie 
