A SCENE FROM OUR FIRST YEAR OF MARRIAGE

A Real Life Adventure

I’ve always known, ever since I was a little kid, that girls or women who need to pee excite me. When I was a young man, I agonized for years over why I was so weird and whether it made me a bad person, but as I found girlfriends, and eventually a wife, who were willing to play with me around my “kink,” I learned to accept myself completely.

This story is a memory from right around the time that my wife and I first got married. It's taken almost verbatim from a detailed journal that I kept back then.

Anne and I had just gotten home and were unloading groceries in the kitchen. I stopped to get a glass of water, drinking it down greedily in one long draught. Anne said “I’m glad you only had one glass of water.”

“Why’s that?”

“Because seeing you drink water makes me imagine myself drinking water, and imaging myself drinking has...well...an interesting effect on me.”

“Oh, really?”

A few minutes later, we are upstairs, and I say to her, “So, exactly what effect does it have on you?” knowing just what she is going to say.

“It makes me want to piss!” she says, grinning.

“Yeah?”

“Yeah!”

We kiss. We move into the bedroom. I strip quickly, but she stays fully clothed at first. I pull her down onto the bed and we kiss much more. She needs to piss. I know it. She knows I know it, and it’s driving us both mad.

I get up and go into the kitchen and pour myself another glass of water. The water dispenser is sitting on top of the refrigerator, and as it’s pouring out, I lower the cup three or four feet down to get the loudest tinkling sound possible. When I come back, she says, “You did that on purpose, didn’t you?”

I nod. I take a drink, then take a mouthful of water and hold it, take her in my arms again and kiss her, closed mouthed, on the lips, the belly, the crotch. I part my lips, let the water go, let it soak into the crotch of her jeans. She squirms a little more.

“I can feel the wetness,” she says.

We writhe some more, I pull her jeans off. Again I take a mouthful of water and let it go, soaking the crotch of her underwear. She discards the rest of her clothes. She’s a little worried about actually pissing in the bed, so I take a towel from the bathroom and fold it several times, and we put it under her hips. I refill the glass, noisily.

She lets me know that her bladder isn’t so very full as to make her really uncomfortable, but she REALLY wants to pee. We frolic, kissing and cuddling and doing all the usual wonderful stuff, nuzzling and stroking and sucking and licking, and also I dribble water over her body, over her breasts, over her belly, along the insides of her thighs, and directly onto her clitoris. With that one, she grimaces and thrashes, clenching down with the muscles around her urethra. I stop to take a drink, and she takes the glass from me and drinks also, her eyes grinning wickedly into mine over the top of the glass. She crosses her legs and cups her vulva in her hand. I slide my hands gently down the sides of her body, kiss her belly again. I part her legs, kiss her vulva, dribble more and more water into it.

At first I am warming the water in my mouth to make it feel more like pee to her, but she says she can actually feel it more if it’s cold. I lay my hands on her belly, directly over her bladder, and gently press. I can feel the tightness of the muscles, holding, holding on. More kisses, more frolic, more dribbling. I take my penis in my hand and rub the tip of it directly against her clitoris, then slather it all over her vulva, in and out of the folds of the lips, the soft, very warm and inexpressibly slippery flesh of her loving body. It’s me that’s gasping now. I am almost coming, just from the sensation against the very tip. Sliding back and forth pulls the opening of my own urethra open just slightly, and stimulates the inside. Also, she needs to piss, she needs to piss so badly that that alone is almost enough to send me over the edge.

She tries to pull me inside. I won’t go in. I thrust against her, sliding the underside of my shaft along the length of her vulval slit, cramming the head against her clit, but I won’t go inside just yet. The teasing is now fully mutual —can I make her piss first, or will she make me come instead? And which do I even want more?

Thrusting against her, her labia slathering around my shaft, I am also pressing down on her bladder. She is holding, holding... She reaches down, grabs my hard thrusting shaft, and pops me inside, forgetting until it is too late that my penis will also press against her bladder from the inside. But now I am in her, I am thrusting and thrusting and thrusting, and I moan out “I’m losing control!” and I come, explosively, gushing and flowing copiously into her hot wet wet wet cunt, the two of us slathering together in our juices, very wet and very, very happy. I hold her, clutching tight, containing her in my arms until my panting, gasping breath subsides to gentle soft breathing, and we are gazing into each other’s eyes lovingly, blissfully, and she rises from the bed, one hand cupping her crotch, kisses me, and walks off to the bathroom.

She enjoyed it almost as much as I did.

Needing to piss is not directly a turn-on for her, but getting me very excited is. And she told me that day that she had decided never ever to pretend to need to pee when she didn’t, because that way, when she did, I would always know it was really true, and it would excite me all the more.

Never in human history has any man been loved so well as I.
