Deepika's College Life Ch. 10
	Deepika Plots her Revenge.
Author: sin138

Chapter 10 - Vengeance before the flight

The Talk

"I am not gonna help you screw over my girlfriend and my roommate!" Zakir snaps at Deepika and the rest, after being asked help them to get back at the two students.

"I may not be able to come back to college because of these two," Deepika snapped back. "I did all the things you made me do."

"Because we blackmailed you," Zakir whispered.

"I know, and I could have complained," Deepika replied. "But I didn't, because not once did you guys get me into trouble with the college, or the law. You all had my back. Anuj betrayed that trust, and Hridhya always hated me. The others agreed to help, why not you?"

Zakir was silent. He finally broke it, asking what her plan was. Excited she told him exactly what she wanted to do with Anuj and Hridhya. This frightened him a little. He knows Anuj will get back at everyone involved with this plan. He was the last guy one does not want to mess with, especially if his dad was involved. Even if he does not help, the fact he knew what was going to happen, could get him into trouble. He then came up with an idea.

"Wow," he exclaimed, trying to sound concerned. "You really want them to go through all that?"

"I am not coming back to this college because of these two!"

"Yeah, but you're not getting kicked out," he pointed out. "Your mother is simply making you leave. What you are suggesting may expel them."

"But," she added. "I've never been so humiliated in my life. Everyone thinks I'm some sort of freak!"

"Everyone thinks you're closet lesbian... for some reason," he calmly replied, still confused how that's the first thing people assumed about Deepika with a prostitute. "Yeah some people are stupid enough to see it as a problem, but others are respecting you for opening up. They feel bad the school is punishing you. Whatever intent they had, it didn't work. Do you really want to stoop down to their level?"

"I suppose not," she replied, with her anger lowering. "But they can't get away with it."

"I agree," he sighed. "As long their reputation with the school is intact, like how we tried with you, and then I will gladly help you."

"I was planning on getting the seniors, and the girls to help, though."

"And I'm sure they will. They probably feel more pissed at them than you feel."

"Ok," she exclaimed excitedly. "I know what to do. Can you drive to the bar? I'll tell you on the way."

"No problem," Zakir smiled, in relief. He can't stop Deepika's sense of vengeance, but he can perhaps use it to his advantage, and keep her here for next few years.

The Trippy Prep

Zakir and Deepika reached the bar, the place where everything started.

"You know what to tell the owner?"

"Yes, I do," Zakir replied.

The owner came to their table and greeted them.

"It is wonderful to see you Deepika!" he happily greeted her. He then turned to Zakir to speak in Hindi. "You boys have any plans with this stupid slut?"

"Hers actually," Zakir laughed. "One of my idiot friends had her get caught by our matron, and she's going home. She wants to get back at him."

"Is this true?" the owner asked, feigning concern. "Your friend got you in trouble?"

"He's not my friend," Deepika angrily replied. "I wanna get back at him, for getting me in this position. Excuse me, but may I use the bathroom?"

"Not a problem," he said. "This young man will tell me what your plan is?"

"He will," she replied, as she walked to the bathroom. The owner turned to Zakir.

"God, even when she's angry, she looks cute," the owner chuckled. "What is this plan exactly?"

"The less you know the better," Zakir explained. "You just have to know this much. It involves collecting as much piss and cum she can in one week. She would like to know if your customers are ok with that?"

"Are you serious? If she's the collecter, no one will complain. She better be naked here."

"You can ask her yourself."

Deepika came back and sat down, with the two males.

Deepika asked, "Are you willing to help me sir?"

"I would like to young lady, but I don't want to get involved in any of your college fights. I'm just a simple man with a simple job."

"Please sir," Deepika begged. "I'll do anything, if you help me collect the items."

"Well," he pondered. "My customers and I will be more willing if you are the one collecting it."

"I have no problem helping these men release their semen," she promised.

"They'll respond better if you were naked too," Zakir added.

"I don't remember wearing clothes in this place before, so I shall remain naked," she offered standing tall. "It's the least I can do for these poor men."

"That's good to here," the owner grinned. "You can start now, and I'll serve unlimited drinks if you wish."

"Great, just one thing Deepika," Zakir said. "Strip."

"Now?" she asked. "Wait, I should. The sooner I start, the more I collect."

"Exactly," he said. "Just give me your clothes, and I'll pick you up when its time."

"You're not gonna stay," she nervously asked.

"I gotta study," he explained. "But don't worry. These guys will be nice to you. You are giving them happiness. All you got to do is to say to whatever they want. I will come back every day at 9:00pm."

"You're right, but should I do it here?"

"We can do it in the bathroom," Zakir replied. "It won't make much difference though. Noone is here right now."

"I have no problems with you getting ready in the restaurant," the owner said, as he came with a glass of what looked like coke. "How about some courage?

Deepika thanked him, as she gulped down what also seems to be Smirnoff mixed in the coke. She asked for another drink.

"Thanks for your help," Zakir told the owner, as he shook his hands. The owner gave a strange look at Zakir, but then smiled, understanding what this college boy wanted.

After the second drink, she felt her uneasiness strip away, and the bar feeling unusually warm. They both gawked as the clothes clung onto her sweaty body. Deepika's hands started to move in between her legs. With the constant stimulation this year, it felt unnatural to not be aroused.

Zakir then spoke to the owner, "You wanna help her remove the material?"

"With pleasure," the owner eagerly replied. "Come over dear, let me help you out of those wet clothes."

Deepika sat on his lap, and he slowly started to lift her shirt off. She moved her arms above her head, to aid her former blackmailer. As the shirt raised, the owner's eyes lit seeing the her white bra pop out. He has seen her naked several times before, but this time, he feels like a child opening his gift. He never was the kind of person to rip off the wrapping paper. Finally the shirt was off, as he threw it to Zakir.

He then focused on Deepika's shorts. The owner had he stand up infront of him, as he joyfully unbuttoned the front. This is not the first time people have undressed her, but somehow it feels different, when being undressed by someone old enough to be her father. Now in her underwear and shoes, Zakir picked up her clothes to stuff it in her bag.

"Do you want to leave the underwear on?" Zakir asked the visibly shy teen.

"Yes please."

"Ok," he smiled. "I'll pick you up at 9 then."

As Zakir left, the owner slips his hand underneath her panties, to feel the teen's wet lips. Deepika gasps at the touch. He smiles knowing he slipped something else in the drink. The fact this will go for a few more days, got him even more excited.

Soon, she started to feel a little drowsy. She grinded against the old man's palms, but she then started to feel weak. Her mind started to wander. It soon went blank.

...

Her eyes started to open up. She sees Zakir dressing her in her clothes. Next to her was a small bottle of what looks like curd mixed in yellow water. She was surrounded by leering old creeps, with a look of satisfaction on their faces. She was wondering how much she drank. Her stomach felt full.

"That's a lot of jizz and piss you got," he laughed. "I brought your bag to carry the bottle. Same time tomorrow?"

"But I got to go to the seniors home, for their samples."

"You don't have to worry," he said. "Madhavi, and the others agreed to help you out. They are collecting the samples from them."

"They are ok with that?"

"Not exactly, but they are angry with Anuj and Hridhya for throwing you under the bus. They just don't want this to spread, so don't talk about it too much."

"No, I get it," she replied. When she was finally dressed, she thanked the bar owner and left. The owner then called some of his friends to come to the bar. He found it curious, that boy wanted to have the girl drugged with the pills given to him, or fill the bottle like that every day, but he was not going to complain.

"I also drugged you with roofies," he casually commented.

"What??"

The following days repeated so forth, with Deepika not remembering the day before. Zakir explained that he wanted to test out the different drugs to so Deepika can choose what she wanted to use on Hridhya. The first day was Rohypnol, and the next day was chloroform. She vaguely remembered her third and fourth days, as she was drugged with ecstasy and LSD.

The Ecstasy was her most fond memory. She just felt the vibe from her loin spread throughout her body. Her already sensitive spots tripled with the drug, while parts not usually sexually pleasing started to feel nice. A man touched her arm, and she slightly moaned at the touch. When trying to explain the feeling to the disapproving Priya, she said it felt like her entire body is the clitoris. She forgot to collect the sperm, but the owner gave a full bottle explaining that the other men expelled in the bottle while she was busy.

The LSD however was something else, she was happy she was having a good trip, but the cocks that surrounded her looked eerily liked lollipops, with faces on them. Instead of spurting out cum, they looked like they were barfing out rainbows. She also saw sound waves coming out of her pussy and nipples, every time they were touched. The dingy bar looked was somehow bright and colourful. She did not know she was just observing the lights from phone lights as the horny bar patrons were recording the night. She could not remember if she got the rainbow, but apparently there was a full bottle.

Finally the day has come. The boys, girls and seniors all agreed to deal with Anuj, as she and Priya deal with Hridhya. They decided to bring chloroform and LSD with them. Deepika took a few bong hits at the senior's home, and ate a brownie, for the long term high. There was no way she could do this sober. Hridhya must pay for trying to ruin her life.

Hridhya's Apartment

It was the day before Deepika's flight. Priya and Deepika are in front of Hridhya's apartment. At first the guard would not let them in, but changed his mind when Deepika offered her mouth to help relieve his stress. Priya was dumbfounded at how casual her roommate was about such things. They knock on the door, to find a surprised Hridhya.

"What the hell are you two doing-"

Before she could complete the sentence, the two girls barged into the apartment room and covered her face with a cloth. Hridhya fainted almost immediately, from a strong smell coming from the rag. The chloroform had worked. Priya broke Hridhya's fall and dragged her inside her bedroom.

"Ayyo, she is heavy," she panted. "With a figure like that, I swore she was light."

"Could be her fat ass," Deepika laughed, as she was fiddling with Hridhya's webcam on top of her laptop. "I will admit, she has some large boobs."

Deepika took out the paper strip from her bag. Priya meanwhile opened Hridhya's laptop, and turned on the webcam. The laptop had a fingerprint scanner, making Priya scan Hridhya's finger. Hridhya finally woke up, to notice Deepika tying her hands to the bed post.

Deepika was removing Hridhya's top, while Priya was lifting her t-shirt off. Deepika paused to take a few swigs of vodka from her bottle. She drank beforehand, to make it easier to go with the plan. She then walked to the unconscious Hridhya and started undressing herself. Now naked, she started to tie the hands to the bed posts. Hridhya woke up to find her hands immobilized.

"GET ME OFF THIS THING!"

"After what you did to me, you have no right to demand stuff from me," Deepika triumphantly spoke. "The Ectasy will be running throughout your system soon, and you will enjoy our night together."

"I can see why you would want to get back at me, for exposing your sluttiness, but why Priya?"

"You fuck with my roommate and friend," Priya sternly said. "Why wouldn't I help her."

"Ha," Hridhya laughed. "You really think she's your friend? Did Deepika not tell you what happened that night?"

"She told me everything," she replied. "You guys made do these things against her will."

"But she didn't tell you who she fucked that night," Hridhya snickered. "Deepka, who was it that you enjoyed sweet hot sex with?"

Deepika froze. She forgot that Hridhya would be so low to bring up that night again.

"I had no choice," Deepika stuttered.

"Tell her, not me," Hridhya replied. "Tell who you fucked."

"What does she mean," Priya asked Deepika. She then paused at what she realized. "Deepika, you didn't?"

"Didn't what?" Hridhya taunted. "What did you do Deepika?"

Deepika finally blurted the truth.

"One of the guys was Ahmed," she admitted. "I didn't have a choice."

"LIES!" Hridhya cackled. She started to feel too happy about the scenario. The ropes around her wrists started to felt pleasant too. The drug is starting to take effect.

"They made choose between Ahmed and Ambuj," she stuttered. "I should have picked Amuj. I am sorry Priya."

Except for Hridhya's laughter, there was silence among the two. Priya finally broke it.

"You're telling me Ahmed cheated on me, with you?"

Deepika nodded. She did not know how her friend would react.

"THAT SCUMBAG PIECE OF SHIT!" she screamed. "I AM GONNA FUCK HIM UP FOR THIS!"

She started bolting towards the other two girls.

"I AM GONNA KILL YOU, FUCKING BITCH!"

"I'm sorry Priya, I wasn't given a choice."

"SHUT UP DEEPIKA, ITS HRIDHYA I WANNA FUCK UP!"

"Wait what!?" Hridhya panicked. "Get me out of these knots!"

Deepika however blocked Priya's access.

"Get out of my way!"

"The plan Priya," Deepika shouted. "Beat her up, and you can get expelled!"

Priya backed off, after coming to her senses.

"You're right, I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry I did it with your boyfriend."

"Fuck thatbehen chot," Priya retorted. "You were forced into it, by this cunt. He wasn't."

Soon after, Deepika started to go down on the confused Hridhya. She did not know what was going on, but her body somehow felt lighter than usual.

"I don't understand," she said. "What are you guys planning to do with me?"

"Thanks to your stunt," Priya explained, as she fiddled on Hridhya's laptop. "Everyone thinks that Deepika is gay. They don't know who the partner is, so guess who we decided that's going to be."

Hridhya tried to ask who, but Deepika's tongue made it difficult to speak. She does not know why but her pussy felt it was pulsating intensely.

"Wh...oooo?"

"The one who decided to torment Deepika for no reason," Priya answered. "This video will be posted on WhatsApp to any Malayalam and Bihari person. I'm explaining to them how you two were secret lovers, and Anuj had found out. He decided to blackmail Deepika, to protect your honour by forcing her into sexual relations with other people, thus explaining the sex tape. Personally I would have sent it to everyone, but Deepika insisted it stays within those two circles."

"But... You're... Using... Myyyy... PhoOOoone," Hridhya stammered as Deepika was fingering her. "Shees... Not aaa... Leesbian! Hoooww is she willingly dooooing thisss!"

Deepika looked into Hridhya's eyes and replied, "I am high as a kite. It's your turn."

Deepika sat on Hridya's face, as she started licking Deepika's lips that were between her legs. Hridhya does not know why but Deepika's snatch looked like some hard candy. It somehow even tasted like it. She greedily started licking the labia, and then stuck her tongue deep, hoping for a creamy surprise. Deepika fully embraced Hridhya vigorous mouth and moaned loudly, much to Priya's discomfort. She then bent down towards Hridya's loins and started rolling her tongue inside her. Both girls started to moan loudly, while Priya was typing on Hridhya's phone the message.

Soon afterwards Deepika crawled to the lower end of the bed, and slipped her leg underneath Hridhya. She edged towards Hridhya, until their wet vertical lips touched. She started gyrating against her enemy's snatch, as Hridhya instinctively joined in.

Priya left the room as soon as she finished writing the message. Just a few more minutes and she can upload the video and it will all be over. It did not help, as she heard both girls scream in pleasure, at what sounded like the most intense feeling of satisfaction. Hridhya's body shuddered from the orgasm she experienced.

She lay on her bed panting, as she witnessed Deepika standing right above her. Her feet were planted right beside Hridhya's face, as she let one long stream of piss splash down on her enemy. Priya was dumbfounded at what she heard, and rushed to see if she was actually doing it. Hridhya, on the other hand lapped it up like lime juice. It's clear the ecstasy was still not out of her system. Afterwards, Deepika jumped off the bed and walked towards the webcam.

Priya transferred the video to the phone, and sent it on WhatsApp. Conveniently, Hridhya happened to have a Mallu group on her phone, so she sent it to that. As told by Deepika, she sent the video to Zakir. She also decided to send it to one of Hridhya's friends without Deepika's knowledge.

"You sure you don't want to call any guys for her?" Priya asked her roommate.

Both stared at the state of the aroused, smiling, tied up teen.

"I don't think so," Deepika replied, as she untied her enemy.

Deepika's phone buzzed. She checked to find that one of the seniors sent the video of Anuj's punishment. The girls watch in delight as Anuj was forced to drink bottles of jizz collected by Deepika. To add further insult, he was fully naked at the beach, with a dildo up his ass. With all the days combined, Deepika, and the others collected about 30 bottles. The urine helped add volume. He was to not remove metal piece until he finished all the bottles. Meanwhile, his audience laughed and taunted him. The names ranged from cumslut and fag, to homo and sissy. Anuj was practically in tears.

"Karma's a bitch," Deepika smiled.

The two friends happily left, the apartment, with the door unlocked for their enemy's unwanted guest. It will be a night Deepika, Priya, Anuj, and Hridhya will never forget.

Airport

It was time to leave. Deepika's mother will pick her up at the airport. All the Bihari students, except Anuj came. Rupesh and Priya were also there. She wished everyone goodbye. Priya stuck with her until she went past security.

"I hope you can come back," Priya hoped. "It's not fair you are getting punished."

"We'll see," Deepika replied. "I will text you when I get back."

The two girls cried before they parted. Both felt that perhaps, they might be together again.

Deepika's first year in college ends

###

Aftermath

"I'm gonna kill that bitch!"

"Calm down you two," Zakir chuckled. Hridhya's and Anuj's faces were beet red.

Since that day, the Bihari group all treat him as some joke. Hridhya could not walk down the hall without someone commenting about her pictures online.

