A full and desperate road trip

Author: J.E.Hart

Chapter 1

Come on, Amy, pull over at the next rest stop. I really have to pee.”

Blair knew full well I wasn’t about to let her get her way that easily. If I had been on a road trip with anyone else, I wouldn’t have tried my luck, but Blair was different. Blair and I had known each other since first grade and now, 20 years later, our friendship held stronger than ever.

“Okay, there’s a rest stop in 4 miles. Can you make it until then?” I asked, holding back a smirk.

Blair squirmed in the passenger seat. “I guess. Jumbo iced teas really go through me, don’t they?”

“I’ll say. I’m glad I stuck with the smaller size.”

When we last stopped to rest and get a bite to eat, Blair got herself the largest drink size on the menu, which just so happened to be huge. I didn’t hate my bladder quite as much, although I was beginning to feel the first twinges of needing to go now, a couple of hours later.

“When we stop!” I continued, “I think I'll go too. I didn’t pee at the restaurant and I probably should have.”

“Then you do know what kind of predicament I’m in.” Blair shifted in her seat again, shoving her hand between her legs.

Her shorts pressed up into her lips, creating a camel toe that gave a generous view of the outlines of her folds. It was hard enough to stay focused on the road ahead knowing how much she needed to pee, but now it was nearly impossible.

“I don’t think I need to go quite as badly as you,” I laughed, glancing down at her crotch again. “I can hold it in like a big girl.”

“Well, so can I.” Blair removed her hand from between her legs and crossed her arms. “You know what?”

“What?”

“Just for that, I’m going to wait. You don’t deserve the satisfaction of my relief just yet.”

“Well, I wasn’t going to stop anyway, so that’s fine with me.”

“You weren’t? Amy!” Blair sounded mad at me, but I knew she was just teasing. We messed with each other all the time and now was no different.

We passed by the next rest stop without so much as slowing down to read to sign. The nearest from there was over an hour away, and we were only two hours from home, so at this point, our fate was sealed.

As soon as we passed the exit to the rest stop, my bladder spasmed in protest. My need was getting worse by the minute as the soda I drank made its way through my body.

“Ooh,” I moaned, “I’m beginning to regret not stopping.” I pressed my thighs together and leaned forward slightly in the seat, but that just made my seatbelt press into my swelling bladder even more.

“Yeah, I’m starting to think this was a bad decision.” Blair had placed her hand back on her crotch and was fanning her legs in and out. “Traffic’s good, though, so maybe we’ll make it back to your place sooner than we expect.”

As soon as Blair said it, the cars in front of us began to slow down until we finally came to a halt in the middle of the freeway.

“I think you jinxed us, Blair” I sighed and slipped my hand under the waistband of my leggings, finally able to give my aching cunt some attention.

I pressed a finger against my urethra, instantly feeling the relief that brought, however shortlived it might be, and let my other fingers rest between my pussy lips, which were slick with arousal.

Something about seeing Blair absolutely bursting for the toilet made me wildly horny, but I would never admit that to her.

I watched Blair as I subtly fingered myself under the guise of holding back my bladder. She rubbed her hand over the bulge in her lower abdomen, her lips parting ever-so-slightly. With the way she kept her legs pressed tightly together no matter what she did, she had to be getting pretty desperate.

Traffic began to move at a snail’s pace, but at least we were moving. At this point, we’d been on the road for hours and I was starting to get tired. If I didn’t think that Blair was too desperate to drive, I would have switched seats with her to get a break from driving.

“Next exit we see, we’re taking,” I told Blair. “I need some coffee if I’m going to make it home without falling asleep.

“Ooh, don’t talk about liquids.” Blair bucked forward, her legs twisting around each other like a pretzel. “I’m really, seriously going to pee myself.”

“Come on, it can’t be that bad.” I watched her write around the small front seat, quickly realizing that it was, in fact, that bad. “If it turns into an emergency, I’ll pull over and you can pee on the side of the road.”

Blair straightened up as much as she could. “No, never! I’m not squatting on the side of a busy freeway. I'd rather pee myself."

“Well, that might just happen if we don’t get moving faster soon."

Fortunately, the traffic speed picked up again and we managed to get off the next exit, which found us in a small, quiet city.

“I bet there’s a toilet in one of these shops," Blair mumbled as we drove downtown.

“I bet there is,” I agreed. “A nice, clean white one with a fresh roll of toilet paper and a good, strong lock on the door so no one can interrupt you while you have the longest, most satisfying pee of your life."

I laughed as Blair squirmed in discomfort, but I had to be mindful of my own needs too. My bladder was beginning to protest not getting emptied for hours, and if I wasn’t careful, I was going to end up in the same predicament as Blair.

“Oh, look!” Blair pointed at a little drive-through coffee place. “You can get some coffee from there.”

“Perfect,” I said, pulling up to the window.

Not only could we stay in the car, but there was no toilet here that Blair could run and use while we waited for our drinks.

I got the biggest coffee I thought I could handle without wetting myself before we got home and Blair got the same size in hot chocolate.

“Is your desperation getting to your head?” I asked. “Because I don’t think you’re realizing just how much liquid you’re about to consume.”

Blair waved away my concerns. “I’ve got a bladder of steel!” she insisted. “I’ll be fine.”

The way she couldn’t sit still without presumably leaking in her panties, I wasn’t so sure. My own panties were already wet, but not with pee. I couldn’t wait to get back and take care of multiple needs, preferably one right after the other.

With our drinks in hand, we drove away from the coffee stand and Blair pointed toward a park. “We should stop there and drink our coffee and cocoa!” she told me.

“Are you sure?” I hesitated. “We should probably try to get back to my place before it gets too late.”

“Yeah, I’m positive. There’s no need to rush the very end of our road trip. Let’s keep having fun!”

I was having fun, but I didn’t tell Blair why and that she was playing right into my hands without me even having to try. It was almost as if she’d temporarily forgotten about her urgent need to pee she’d told me about an hour earlier, but that neglect was going to bite her in the ass later if she wasn’t careful.

Chapter 2

We drove over to the park across the street, got out of the car, and made our way to a picnic table shaded by a large oak tree.

“It’s beautiful out here,” Blair said, forced to walk slightly hunched over due to the sheer volume of liquid pressing to get out of her bladder.

“It sure is,” I agreed.

Sitting hadn’t been so bad for my bladder, but standing and walking reminded me just how long it had been since I relieved myself. It was getting hard to retain my composure, especially in front of Blair who made no attempt to hide how badly she needed to pee.

I sat down on the picnic table bench quickly, grinding my crotch into the hard, slatted wood of the seat. Blair took longer to make it to the picnic table, and I had the pleasure of watching her try to swing one leg over the bench when they were glued together lest she leak some of that hot, golden liquid she’d been holding back for hours.

“Oh, God,” she squealed, “I really have to pee.” Her first attempt to sit down made her double over and squeeze her crotch desperately before bouncing up and down. “Hold on, I can do this. Once I’m sitting, I’ll feel much better.”

I had no idea how she managed to separate her legs without dribbling into her panties, but she did she slammed her pussy onto the bench with a thud, nearly spilling her cocoa on the table.

“I don’t know how you’re going to fit all that liquid in your bladder,” I said, gesturing to her cup.

“I will,” Blair assured me. “I might leak a little, but I will.”

I bit down hard on my lip. Was she really prepared to leak piss in my car, on my seat, in front of me? If I wasn’t soaking wet before, I certainly was now. I gently rubbed myself under the table, wishing I could make myself cum right then and there, but I knew my body too well and if I allowed myself to cum, I would start spraying pee everywhere and Blair would win the competition she had no idea she was even taking part in.

We drank our hot drinks slowly while we talked about our trip. Every time one of us laughed, we had to immediately pause, clamp our legs together, and jiggle up and down till the pee backed away from our urethra.

I was getting dangerously close to experiencing my first leak as the coffee I drank worked through me. I had no idea how Blair was still holding on, although she’d lost all composure a while ago.

“We should get going,” Blair said, jumping up quickly. “I’m seriously going to piss myself if we don’t hurry home.”

“Damn, it must really be urgent,” I remarked. “A few minutes ago you were fine.”

Slowly, painfully, Blair uncrossed her legs and pointed down at her shorts. A tiny wet patch darkened her crotch, and for a moment, I forgot to breathe. I even forgot about my own increasing need to pee until my bladder spasmed and I shot a hand down to my pussy.

I allowed my fingers to rub against my leggings a little longer than I needed to. The fabric between my thighs was getting damp too, but not from pee - yet.

“That was my first leak!” Blair admitted.

As she stood there waiting for me to stop staring at her crotch, the dark spot grew, first a little, then a lot.

“Shit!” Blair exclaimed, slamming her legs back together as she shoved a hand over the wet spot.

“Did you just leak again?” I asked as if I didn’t know the answer.

Blair’s cheeks turned red. “Yeah, I did. “Come on, Amy, let’s get back to the car. It will be easier for me to hold if I’m sitting down, I think.”

I got up from the picnic table carefully, wincing as my overfilled bladder protested the movement. I threw my cup away in a nearby garbage and took Blair’s cup from her to throw it away too, since she was no longer thinking straight enough to do much of anything except concentrate on her bladder.

As soon as we were in the car, Blair unbuttoned the fly on her shorts and buried her hand inside them. Her fingers disappeared, but I could imagine them pressing against her pussy lips through her underwear, cold and urine-soaked from her leaking.

“You’re a big girl, Blair,” she mumbled under her breath. “You can hold it.”

I was sweating now, partly from holding my pee for so long and so hard, and partly from the fire lit inside me. I needed to get off, and soon. I wasn’t sure I would make it all the way home for that kind of relief either, but I had to at least try. I wasn’t particularly keen on involuntarily orgasming in front of my friend, but I couldn’t exactly control what turned me on.

I watched Blair grab her seatbelt and hesitate before stretching it over her swollen bladder.

The moment it made contact with her body, she gasped and bent forward.

“I just leaked again,” she squeaked.

“You’re not going to make it back home,” I told her. “We’ll be lucky if we get there in an hour.”

“Yes, I will,” Blair insisted. “Drive, Amy.”

I started the car and we pulled out of the parking lot. My seatbelt dug into my abdomen too, but it was a pressure I could handle. Blair seemed to be at the end of her rope, letting out a constant, low moan as I slowly made my way through the busy downtown traffic.

Chapter 3

I expected more action from Blair over the next 20 minutes, but aside from her moaning and occasional complaint about being on the verge of wetting herself, she was surprisingly calm. I, on the other hand, was getting to the point of panic.

“I shouldn’t have had that big of a coffee,” I sighed. “I think I’m catching up to you.”

“Wanna bet?” Blair asked. “I've already leaked four times.”

“Four? I thought it was just three.”

Blair bit her lip. “I leaked about 10 minutes ago. Didn’t you hear me gasp?”

Thinking back, I had, but I didn’t realize that gasp was from her dribbling more piss into her panties. I thought her bladder had cramped like mine was, causing another wave of desperation to wash over her.

“Well, I may not have leaked yet, but I’m close. Whoever gets to the toilet first when we get to my place will win, because I swear I’ll burst if I hear you peeing while I’m waiting.”

“Ooh,” don’t talk about that,” she whined. “Even just imagining sitting on a toilet and letting go is going to make me have an accident.”

“You’d better not have one in my car.” I was only teasing, since I could clean my car anytime, and witnessing an accident mere inches away from me was a once-in-lifetime experience, but Blair took it seriously.

“Don’t worry. If I’m on the verge of peeing myself, I’ll tell you and you can stop the car so I can jump out.”

“What if I can’t stop the car?”

“I’ll wait for you to pull over somewhere.”

“You can’t postpone an accident - that’s the whole idea of it being an accident.”

Blair did signal for me to stop as we made our way into a more rural section of the drive. I thought she had finally reached her limit, that she was actually going to get out and pee right on the side of the road where I and anyone else passing by could see her.

“Are you-“ I stared at her, eyes wide.

“Seriously about to piss myself?” she laughed as she carefully slipped out of the passenger seat. “Yeah!”

I watched in mixed awe and shock as she shoved her hand in between her legs and bounced up and down like her life depended on it. I didn’t understand why she wouldn’t just rip her shorts down and let the stream go.

“I don’t think I’m going to be able to hold it till we get home,” she laughed again, pausing midlaugh to look down in surprise at the pale yellow drops that trickled over her hand. “Can’t laugh anymore,” she told me.

And then she hobbled back to the car, set her jacket down on the seat, and sat back down, shutting the car door with a finalizing thud.

“Drive,” she ordered, and I put my foot on the gas and bed back onto the road, glancing over only when I was certain Blair was preoccupied with her own needs.

I was quickly approaching my limit too, judging by the way my lower abdomen bulged against the restricting seatbelt. The belt dug in leaving a sharp, urgent pain where my bladder was. It was full and it was demanding to be emptied sooner rather than later.

“Blair, I think I’m going to pull over and just go,” I said, taking one hand off the steering wheel to squeeze between my legs.

“Absolutely not,” Blair replied. “You're in this with me, Amy. We’re going to make it home. I know we can.”

She was lying through her gritted teeth. Minutes ago she nearly wet herself getting out of the car, yet now when we were still a good 45 minutes away, she was suddenly confident that she would last? At this rate, with the way my desperation was catching up to hers, neither of us was going to make it back to my house with even semi-dry clothing.

“Fine, I’ll wait.” I squirmed in my seat, struggling to focus on the road when urine was practically leaking out of me, I was so full.

“Can you drive any faster?”

“I’m already going over the speed limit. If I get pulled over, we’re screwed.”

“You won’t. There aren’t any cops around here; they like to stick to the city where they can find more cars to ticket.”

I had to admit, I’d yet to see a cop on the back roads around here. Reluctantly, I sped the car up even more as we cruised down the empty road, passing rows of corn fields and cows.

“Those cows are lucky,” I said under my breath.

“How so?”

“Oh, you heard me?” I blushed. “It’s 'cause they get to pee wherever they are. They just stand there and let go like it’s no big deal.”

Blair bounced up and down in her seat. “Yeah, I guess so, but please stop talking about pee. I’m going to...” she trailed off, but I knew what she meant. I was going to also if I kept up that train of thought.

Chapter 4

We drove in silence for a while, keeping focus on what really mattered - our aching, throbbing bladders. As we went around a curve, I slowed down and noticed a car parked in an empty gravel lot.

“Hey, does that look like a police car to you?”

“No, it’s not - oh, wait, yeah, I think it is.”

I braked hard mere yards away, slowing the car to the speed limit. Blair pitched forward, equaling as her one free hand flew to her crotch. My own bladder jolted with the impact of the seatbelt locking and I felt a hot spurt fill my panties.

“That was a close one,” I said, passing the parked police car like I hadn’t even noticed it.

I kept my eyes trained on the mirror, watching to make sure they didn’t follow us. The car didn’t move, so I breathed a sigh of relief and kept a close eye on the speedometer.

“We’re going the speed limit from now on,” I told Blair. “The last thing we need now is to get pulled over by the cops.” I looked over at Blair, who was doubled over in her seat, whimpering. “What’s wrong?”

She looked up at me, lifting her body and pulling her hands away just enough to reveal a slow, but steady stream of pee pooling around her fingers.

“I’m peeing,” she said in a near whisper. “I can’t stop it Blair, I’m peeing.”

My eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as I stared at her wet shorts. Watching the puddle grow and spread made me more hornier and more desperate forever. Part of me wanted to touch my aching pussy and the other part wanted to rip my pants off and let go.

“No, you need to stop it!” I cried.

“I can’t!” Blair insisted. “I’m clenching all my muscles and it’s still trickling out.”

“Let me help you.”

Without thinking, I stopped the car, reached over, and pressed my hands against hers. My bladder spasmed as I stretched, but I was too busy trying to make Blair’s stream stop to care about that right now. My cunt was on fire, throbbing and desperate for relief. I was half-surprised I didn’t come the moment my fingers brushed against Blair’s wet shorts,

“Press tighter,” she told me, squeezing her eyes shut tight and letting out a long moan. “I think that’s helping.”

I dug my fingers into her skin, her urine dampening my hands as the warmth spread around me. It was pale yellow and had a faint scent that made me dizzy with excitement. I could hardly stand being so close to her pussy without directly touching it.

“I’m trying my best!” I groaned, grinding my crotch against the seat. “I don’t want to hurt you.”

“You won’t,” Blair said quickly. “In fact, I think the stream’s almost stopped.”

After another few seconds, I reluctantly moved my hands away and let Blair hold herself for a while.

“You’re a big girl!” I told her, “You can manage.”

I jiggled her legs against each other. “I’m still so desperate,” she whined, pursing her lips. “It felt like I kept leaking forever, but I don’t think I even peed enough to get it on the seat.”

“Let’s just try to get home,” I replied. “I’m pretty desperate for a piss at this point too, and I didn’t get to relieve any pressure.”

As soon as I said that, another jet of pee dampened my panties and made my heart drop into my stomach. That was my biggest leak yet -I was reaching the end of my rope, there was no denying it now.

Chapter 5

We made it to the suburb I lived in with no more trouble except for a few small leaks that were easy enough to cut off before they turned into a problem. Blair was practically shaking next to me, and I had my legs clamped together like a vice.

“We’re almost there!” I assured her.

She had stopped talking a while ago when the effort diverted too much concentration away from her near-exploding bladder. “Just five more minutes and we’ll be there.”

I honestly couldn’t believe we’d both made it this far without a full-blown accident. The coffee I had early had fully reached my bladder and I was quite literally bursting. My abdomen was bloated and rock hard, with every twinge sending a shiver down my back.

I knew I had a small wet patch on my crotch, but it wasn’t visible from a seated position, and for that I was grateful. I felt more put together when I didn’t have a baseball-size spot on my pants like Blair did after her close call half an hour ago.

“Look, Blair! There’s my house.” I risked taking my hand away from my crotch to point at my home and immediately shot it back down there when my urethra threatened to let it all go if I didn’t do something to help my over-tired muscles.

“Oh my God, did we finally make it?” Blair shuddered. “I don’t think I can get out of the car, Amy.”

“I’ll help you.”

I didn’t want to help. What I wanted to do was run inside and have a long, wonderful piss in my bathroom, but I couldn’t leave Blair now when I’d pushed to keep going for so long.

I parked the car sloppily in my driveway and slowly, carefully, eased myself out of the driver’s seat. I felt like I was carrying a water balloon that was too big and too full, and one wrong move would make it pop.

I went around to the passenger door and opened it for Blair, who looked up at me woefully and shook her head.

“I can’t move,” she said, her hands buried deep between her legs. “If I take my hands away, I’ll burst.”

“Then let me hold for you,” I offered.

“Are you sure?” She gave me a hopeful smile, her eyebrows upturned like a sad puppy.

“100%. You focus on getting up and I’ll hold the pee back for you.”

In one quick motion, I took one hand away from my crotch, Blair removed hers, and I pressed my fingers into her shorts as tight as I could. We weren’t quite fast enough and a single spurt shot out, soaking my fingers, but I held on tight and Blair carefully stood up and hobbled away from the door, slamming it shut behind her.

We waddled to my porch, taking each concrete step like there was a landmine buried under it until we stood in front of the final barrier before sweet, sweet relief: the front door.

“How are you going to unlock it?” Blair asked.

“I’ll just stop holding myself for a minute,” I said, hoping I sounded more confident than I felt.

I slowly pulled my hand away from my pussy, bouncing and jiggling and dancing like my life depended on it. Each move I made affected my hold on Blair, who had her hands on top of mine again. I knew she wouldn’t survive another switch at this point, so I let my hold tighten and loosen as I dug in my pocket for the house key.

I fumbled with it when I finally found it and nearly dropped it on the ground, but I kept a firm hold on it and shoved it in the keyhole with so much force, I was worried I bent the key.

I turned it, pulled open the door, and paused as Blair doubled over, twisting her legs up like a pretzel. Her thighs pinched my fingers and I winced in pain, but another leak made me realize that she was seconds away from losing it all.

“Go!” I encouraged her. “Just make a run for it.” “Wh-what about you?’ she stammered, a slow stream making its way down her inner legs.

“Don’t worry about me, just run,” I told her again.

With sudden conviction, Blair straightened up and ran inside the house leaving a trail of drips on the ground behind her.

I took a moment to sniff my fingers, still wet from her urine before slipping my hand inside my pants and limping after her.

I found her a few feet away from the bathroom bent over, pee streaming over her hands.

“You didn’t quite make it, did you?” I said sympathetically, moving close enough to her to comfort her, but not get pee splattered all over me.

The sound of it hitting the floor was deafening in the hallway and slowly, Blair removed her hands, spread her legs, and let her stream go at full force. A blissful smile spread across her lips and she closed her eyes, enjoying every second of her release from the torture over the last few hours.

“Oh, I needed that,” she sighed, her stream turning into a halted trickle.

I couldn’t stand watching her any longer. I made a dash for the waiting toilet, but an arm reached out and pulled me back, pressing directly into my bladder.

“Hold on,” Blair said, switching tone quickly. “Just where do you think you're going?”

“Bathroom,” I squeaked, a burst of urine hitting my pants.

“I’m not going to be the only one who had an accident today. If I didn’t make it, neither are you.”

I couldn’t stop the pee from coming out any longer. I stood there, helpless, and let it flow out, soaking the front and back of my jeans, even so much as spreading all the way to the hem of my shirt.

Blair slid her hand down the front of my undone pants, slipped it underneath my soaking wet panties, and pressed her fingers against my urethra, stopping and starting the stream a few times before letting me have total and utter relief.

There was no hiding how turned on I was any longer. She could feel the slipperiness of my lips, my engorged clit, all of it. She could feel my muscles contracting and releasing on the edge of an orgasm.

One stroke from her fingers was all it took to send me over the edge. I collapsed to the floor on my knees, taking Blair with me and forcing her to kneel in her own puddle she’d left moments ago. My pee sprayed out everywhere as I came harder than ever before, letting each wave crash over me.

I moaned and whimpered and cried out, not caring if the front door was still open or if the neighbors heard me.

“That’s a good girl,” I heard Blair tell me, stroking my hair. “Go on, let it all out.”

I’d wanted to be able to tell her that, but the dam had broken before I had the chance, and it felt so good hearing her say it to me now.

When my stream had died down, my orgasm had turned into shudders of aftershocks every few seconds, and my pants had grown cold and clingy, Blair took her hand out of my pants and we slowly stood up, surveying the aftermath.

“Sorry,” she said sheepishly. “I didn’t think the mess would be quite this big.”

“It won’t be too bad to clean up!” I told her. “I’ll get some towels and my mop, and we’ll get started before it seeps into the floorboards.”

I got out the mop bucket and began to fill it in the bathtub, still wearing my now-cold jeans which had been soaked all the way through. As the water ran, a devilish thought ran through my head.

“Blair, can you grab the juice out of the fridge and pour us each a glass? I wouldn’t want us to get dehydrated after all that.”

Blair gave me a confused look before she saw my smirk and nodded in understanding. “Of course, Amy. It’s so important to stay hydrated.”
