DANCING AND PRANCING AND TUMPING AROUND

Author: William Abbott

You can probably tell that I have a lot of fun writing these stories. Many of them are love stories, romantic as well as erotic, with desperation woven through to boost the sexual tension. Others, like this one, are straight up omorashi fantasies about nothing more than a woman who just has to go.

This particular story began for me with the visual image of her naked in the shed, her breasts jiggling and bouncing as she did the pee dance. The rest of the setting—the big family picnic in an open farm field—just fell into place around that one mental image.

She’s been driving for hours, and she’s bouncing up and down in the seat, she has to pee so bad. She’s wearing a light summery blouse and cutoffs that are very short, her thighs bare all the way to the tops. Her skin is warm where the sun hits her lap. The cut-offs are tight against her crotch, and also a little tight across her bladder...which is a problem. She reaches down to undo the button at the waist, but she won’t unzip. Not with the top down so anyone in a passing truck could see.

The last place she could have stopped was an hour ago, but she’d been running a little late and although her bladder was beginning to feel full, she’d decided to chance it and just drive on through. Now it’s backcountry roads, miles and miles of them, with open fields all around. No place to go, and she’s wriggling now, and ready to burst, thinking about that bathroom she didn’t go to, and wishing she would come upon a restaurant or a gas station or even a thick clump of trees where she could hide and secretly pull down her pants, squat in the dirt and pee pee peeeee...

Squirming in her seat, the muscles of her bare thighs tensing...

She’s on her way to a wedding party. It starts at noon with a picnic around the old pond, and people were told to bring bathing suits. At three, everyone will move to the church in town, and from there to the old house. It’s a little past noon now. The roads look familiar. She thinks she’s almost there, but she’s wishing (oh God please) that she sees a place with a bathroom soon, wishing she would see one (right now, God damn it) because this is getting serious. She

REALLY has to go pee, and no kidding. She bites her lip, squirming in her seat again.

And then she sees it—though it does her no good. There’s a port-a-potty, but it’s up on the back of a flatbed truck that’s broken down by the side of the road. She drives past, and as it dwindles in the rear view mirror, she scissors her legs. She wriggle her butt deeper into the seat, rubbing one thigh against the other. Then she spreads her legs (cut-offs so short you can almost see pubic hair, short enough that you can see the shadow underneath that tendon on the inner thigh where it connects to the pelvis) and reaches down with one hand to grip herself before clamping her legs tight together again.

She keeps imagining a bathroom, the vision filling her mind unbidden. She sees herself running through a door marked “WOMEN,” pushing open the door of a cubicle and then elbowing it shut. She sees herself frantically pulling down her shorts and setting her bottom on the toilet and letting (oh, yes!) letting go (yes!) finally letting go and (at last!) peeing and peeing and peeing...

Oh please! Oh God I have to pee I hope I make it...

Now she’s bouncing up and down again, opening and closing her legs, squeezing rhythmically. I have to go to the bathroom, I have to go pee, I have to go soooo bad...

She imagines herself pulling off to the side of the road, running behind some bushes (if only there were any!) or into a stand of trees (more than just that solitary beech that just went by) or a field of corn (but this is Early June and the fields are barely knee-high). She sees herself peeling down her cutoffs and panties, squatting down and Oh God I have to go...

Scissoring her legs—open, closed, open, closed, knees apart, knees pressed together—and she’s worked a couple of her fingers up under the frayed edge of her cut-offs to press on herself, directly on the place where she pees. It helps a little.

Will she even make it?

Finally she sees the sign, hand-lettered poster board staked into the ground, that says “WEDDING PARTY” with an arrow. She takes the turn-off, and a hundred yards up the road she sees someone (Her cousin Bill? She hasn’t seen him in years, but she thinks it’s him) directing people to park in one of the fields. She remembers the pond from way back when she was a kid, remembers it’s still some distance down the road. She wishes she could park closer so she didn’t have so far to walk before she can pee. (She’ll just have to hold it until she gets there.)

She pulls in and turns off the car, grabs her duffle with her bathing suit and towel, and runs up to Bill. He greets her with a “Hey, how are ya?” (Big, friendly grin.) “Great to see you again!”

“Yeah, you too.” (Frantic.) “Listen, I really have to go to the bathroom. Where can I go?”

“Aw, gee, they were supposed to bring in a port-a-potty this morning. Wasn’t there yet when we were setting up, but I guess it ought to be there by now. Everything’s down by the pond.”

Oh God, she thinks. It's not there. It's broken down by the side of the road ten miles back. But she forces a smile and a cheerful “Thanks!”

She walks, and her thoughts race. She could go back to her car, pretend she forgot something, and pull down her pants to squat in the grassy aisle between the parked rows. (God, I have to go NOW.) But no, she really can’t. Another car is arriving, more are on the way, and the aisles are all straight and wide and open to view from the road.

So she walks. Her gait is a little odd, mincing her steps and rubbing her thighs against one another. She wants to grip herself, hold onto her crotch with her hand to hold back the flood, but she’s out in the open. She walks quickly, but careful not to jostle her bladder, hurrying a few steps, then slowing down to wriggle and bend over a little. (What am I going to DO?!? I have to PISS!!!)

She could go down to the picnic, get a great big paper cup and carry it back up to her car. Inside the car, she could wiggle out of her pants and scoot forward onto the edge of the seat and pee into the cup. She’d probably fill it twice, at least—have to stop herself in mid-stream (if she could!) to open the door (with her pants down!) and empty it. But it’s such a long walk down to the pond, and then all the way back up to the parking field, trying the whole time not to wet herself. And the top is down.

So she walks, holding on. Holding it in. The only thing to do is go in the pond. Get into her bathing suit fast and then wade out into the water. She grits her teeth.

My God, there must be 70 or 80 people here already, with a couple of dozen already splashing around in the pond. The caterer has set up a huge gas grill. She sees lawn chairs, beach umbrellas, screen houses. No port-a-potties anywhere in evidence.

She sees lots of familiar and half-familiar faces. Another of her cousins calls her name, walks up with a smile and gives her a hug. She grimaces over his shoulder, then forces herself to sound casual as she asks, “Is there a bathroom?”

“Nope. S’pposed to be, but there ain’t. Don’t know what happened. Closest one’s in town, if you really gotta go.”

Town. Fifteen miles. At least twenty minutes. She needs to go NOW. Right NOW. It’s taking all her strength and determination not to wet herself standing right here. Does she tell him this?

“Nah, I’m fine,” she says. (I will stand still, she thinks. I will not squirm in front of everybody. I will not let it be obvious.) She has to get away, get behind some cover. Has to piss.

“I’m fine.”

What she really needs is to get into that God damn pond. (RIGHT NOW RIGHT THIS MINUTE before I piss in my pants right here in front of my cousin.) “Where are people changing?” she asks, pulling her bikini out of her duffle. (Please, God, not in their cars, she thinks suddenly. Don't ask me to walk back all that way.)

“In the shed.” She looks to see where he’s pointing. Twenty or thirty yards up the hill is one of those pre-fab wooden storage sheds. It’s a good size, with windows to either side of the door. She turns and runs. (Please, God, let me hold it long enough to get changed.)

She knocks on the door and hears, “Just a minute!” Male voice. (Damn it! Hurry up! I'm going to wet my pants!) She paces. (Hurry hurry hurry please hurry.) She walks all the way around the shed. (Maybe there's enough cover behind it? I could sneak my cut-offs down and scoot my butt into the weeds and let go.) But there’s nothing in back of the shed except some unkempt grass. There’s nowhere that’s not open to view, exposed.

Hurry up! She thinks. But what can she say? Hurry up because I have to pee, even though I can't pee in the shed, but I'm going to change clothes so that I can go pee in the pond where everyone can see me but no one will know what I'm doing? Yeah right.

Around to the front again. She tries to stand still, but a little bit of pee squirts out. She clamps down even harder, but her crotch is warm. (I'm gonna wet myself waiting for this guy to come out.) She knocks again. “Can I come in? I need to change.” She is standing with her legs crossed, bouncing up and down even though she’s willing herself not to. At least no one is close by, and hopefully nobody notices her wriggle.

“Yeah, hang on.” (I'm leaking. I hope it doesn't show.) And then he comes out, looking a little annoyed with her impatience, and she squeezes past him in her haste to get in.

Once inside, she strips off her blouse and unhooks her bra, shrugging out of it. Then she has to stop and grab herself, holding her crotch with both hands and bouncing up and down. Her breasts (naked breasts, now) are small, but not too small to bob and jiggle and bounce. Then she drops to the floor to sit on the heel of her foot, grinding it into her vulva. (Please please please let me hold it in just another minute.)

She takes a deep breath and wills her bladder to relax, to let itself stretch just a little bit more. She unzips and peels down her cut offs and undies. (Yes, they are a little wet at the crotch. So’s the denim.) Pulling down her pants triggers another wave of urgency, because that’s always the last thing you do before you go to the bathroom. Only she’s not in a bathroom, she’s in a storage shed with a plywood floor.

So now she’s dancing, stark naked, dancing and prancing and jumping around. Dancing in and out of the squares of sunlight on the floor, her breasts bouncing and swaying with liquid grace and her hands only half-covering her pubic hair as she’s holding tight, pressing both hands hard into her slit, holding back the flood with the pressure of her fingers, trying not to piss all over the floor. (I have to go I can't hold it!)

She hops from one foot to the other— bounce, jiggle—and then leaps in the air (keep watching those breasts) to land gracefully, flexing her knees. She stands like a stork, one knee raised, thighs pressed together, and pulls her bikini bottom out of her duffle. She steps into it, clumsy now, almost falling over, and slides it up over the cheeks of her ass—spandex stretching over her skin like paint—and then picks up the top. She’s dancing again, still jiggling and naked up top. Fastening it round herself. Fiddly. Awkward. She stands there balancing on one foot with one leg wrapped around the other while she closes the fastener and stuffs herself into the tiny cups, one and then the other. (Finally!)

Then out the door, duffle in one hand and towel in the other, and she’s standing barefoot in the grass in just the skimpiest of bikinis in the bright sun. Her plan is to walk down to the pond and wade in. Her skin will be all goosebumps as the icy water rides higher and higher up her thighs, and when that moment comes when the cold waves first touch her vulva, then the water between her legs will suddenly turn hot and a halo of gold will spread out from her as she relaxes, finally letting go.

Cold water. More likely, she’ll begin to piss as soon as she steps in, and she’ll have to dive in with a big splash, quickly before anyone notices.

She feels herself leak again, just a little squirt, but she could find herself pissing full blast down her legs as she hurries through the crowds of picnickers...and then what? Just make a run for it? Or drop to the grass, sit down and pretend to look for something in her duffle, hope nobody notices that she’s pissing herself.

She looks down toward the pond, almost a hundred yards away. Looks at the crowds of cousins and aunts and uncles and nieces and nephews between her and the water. Thinks about whether she could make it that far.

Get real.

She’s standing right outside the door of the shed, and it’s flowing down her inner thighs in sheets. She’s right out in the open, grinning from ear to ear in full view of everyone—there’s George waving to her now. Broad daylight, hot sun on her face, hot piss on her legs, with people looking right at her (warmth spreading out under her heels and between her toes) but nobody close enough to see what she’s doing. (She hopes.) She can hear it hissing through the spandex as she gushes. Heat between her thighs, running water down her calves. The bikini is nylon. It shouldn’t show when she’s done, or not much. Hell, she can even wrap the towel around her waist while she walks down to the pond and not worry about it. She smiles waves back at George (still pissing, still grinning) and hollers “Hullo! How ya been?”

