Desperate an the cinema

Aurhor: abigail Thornton

The first time I wet myself at the cinema was an accident. I hadn't wanted to go and see War Horse but the film had me gripped to the point where I couldn’t risk popping to the toilet in case I missed the most important part of the film.

Was Joey going to survive?

As the film played out on the screen in front of me, a different kind of entertainment was playing out between my legs. I’d drunk a large cup of Coke and with only a few handfuls of popcorn to soak up the liquid, my bladder had gone beyond full to utterly bloated.

When had the cinema done away with the interval?

That was the traditional time for everyone to dive into the inadequate little toilets: three cubicles were not enough for thirty or forty girls to empty their bladders in the 10 minutes that were allocated. It was an unwritten rule that girls also pissed in the sinks, so effectively doubling the facilities.

You joined the queue and it was 50/50 as to whether you got to piss in a toilet or a sink - not that it made much difference in terms of privacy since nobody bothered to close the doors. In fact, the biggest difference was whether you got to wipe yourself with cheap toilet paper or raspy hand towels.

Without an interval, there was a steady stream of girls heading away during the second half of the film, victims of the bucket-like cup of Coca-Cola which was the mainstay of the serving hatch. It was such good value that you tended to buy it whether you were thirsty or not... after all you were bound to work up a thirst given that the air conditioning was seriously underpowered.

The Curzon wasn’t exactly luxurious, which made me feel a little bit better as my bladder went from full to bloated. Perhaps if I’d been in the Odeon,

I would have tried to wedge the empty Coke cup between my legs when I realised that I was going to have to let go at some point.

I didn’t make a decision that I was going to wet myself in the cinema; it was just that I got to the point where I had to accept that I wouldn’t make it to the toilet in time.

I was going to have to piss myself.

I had to go, really, really badly; my bladder felt like it was going to burst inside me as I squirmed, desperately holding on.

Perhaps I could hold on?

If the film ended in the next few minutes, I might be able to shuffle out of the auditorium and make it to a loo or a sink...

The thought of being able to relax almost took me over the edge... in fact a small squirt of pee might have already escaped as I squirmed in my seat, my legs locked tightly together.

And that was when I noticed something else; it felt good - there was actual physical pleasure in holding back my urine. My straining bladder was pulsing with the same kind of joy as my pussy gave me when I was having an orgasm... except this fake orgasm had been going on for thirty minutes and was getting more and more intense as time passed.

That was the start of it.

That was the start of my desperation games at the cinema. It was like a private vice - getting a sexual thrill with people - strangers - only a few feet away.

The urge to relieve myself became overwhelming. That first squirt of pee was joined by another - but this time it was deliberate; a controlled release to ease the pressure.

One. Two. Three.

I counted three seconds as I pissed. There was a special kind of luxury in doing it; in easing the pressure in my bladder without bothering to find a toilet or a sink to sit on first; without even bothering to pull my clothes out of the way.

I sighed as the intense pressure in my groin was replaced by the unexpectedly-comforting sensation of warm wetness building between my legs.

My thighs had been locked together in an attempt to stop the piss from escaping from my bladder. Now that it had escaped, the hot liquid was trapped between my legs and the seat, although I could feel it soaking away into the material under my bum.

The piss soaked away so quickly that it almost invited me to pee some more.

Pressing down on my bladder, I carefully let loose with everything I had left. The relief of being empty combined with the naughtiness of what Td done gave me a spark of pleasure as I cupped my sodden crotch.

It felt good. But I didn’t dare masturbate that first time. I wanted to; but I didn’t dare. The masturbation came later. That first time, I just sat there cupping my piss-wet pussy through my sodden clothes, trying to come to terms with the fact that it felt amazing to just sit there as though nothing had happened.

The joy of sitting in my puddle of piss.

The warmth of my piss-sodden underwear and leggings. They were tight and black and I was confident that they wouldn’t show what I’d done... and even if they did, that could be fun too.

It might be fun if somebody else knew. If I shared it with someone.

Until then, it was a secret vice.

A private fetish.

As the film finished and the lights brightened, I stood up and examined the chair; only a dark triangle hinted at what I had done - and even that disappeared from view as the seat sprang up.

It was as though it had never happened.

I surreptitiously squeezed my crotch and it came away wet, a film of urine covering my palm and fingers. Although reassuring me that it had happened, the excited shock of having actually pissed in my pants meant I had to steady myself as I joined the throng of bodies shuffling towards the exit.

My head swam dizzily as droplets of piss ran down my inner thighs with every shuffling step I took. The way we were crammed together - surely someone would see what I had done?

It was so naughty to be drenched with piss and I looked over my shoulder at the girl behind me... how could she not have noticed that my leggings were saturated; that they were clinging wetly to the curves of my ass, while also trying to fall away under their own excessive weight?

My face reddened with humiliation as someone asked me what I thought about the film. “It was brilliant!" I replied, trying to inject some enthusiasm into my shaky voice. It was strangely arousing to be in such a compromised position. The shame and embarrassment became a tight knot inside my belly, waiting for one word, or one comment to act as a catalyst to release it all.

That was the excitement, the allure of pissing in public; it wasn’t the threat of being caught - it was the fact that somewhere deep down inside,

I wanted to get caught; I wanted to be seen; I wanted to be exposed.

Oh God! Just imagine what people would think...

That was what made the orgasms so intense when I masturbated afterwards: the thought of the eyes widening in horror as people looked down at where I had pissed myself; at the dark patch on my crotch and the matching stain on the seat.

I would offer no apology in my fantasy, as I rubbed my fingers up and down my slippery cleft in the safety of a toilet or a bathroom. Electric currents of defiance and desire made my pussy ooze its own wetness as I finally relieved the straining need in my clitoris, just as I had relieved the straining need of my bladder.

To take my fetish to the next level, I knew that at some point I was going to have to share it.

*****

It was always difficult going on ‘proper’ dates. Dates with guys ‘felt’ wrong, while holding hands and kissing girls in public always made me cringe - no matter where you did it, someone always seemed to be watching and you'd get wolf-whistles, cat-calls... or worse.

Claire was worth the risk.

She looked lovely in her pretty summer dress, with the little red bra that I had bought her underneath. She only needed little bras to cover her A-cup titties.

Claire complained about her lack of tit-flesh but I liked it. Perhaps having a girl with a flat chest hit the perfect middle ground for me?

I felt naughty for noticing Claire’s red bra and thinking about her tiny titties as she skipped across the pavement. She never wore much makeup - she didn’t need to - but my eyes were drawn to the glittery gold smudge across each eyelid and the pale lipstick.

Lipstick.

Oh God, she's going to...

Claire kissed me.

It was one of those ‘been-saving-this-since-I-last-saw-you’ kind of kisses. Which was great, except it was in front of all the regulars at the cinema. Some of them had already been looking at me, knowing that something was different, given that

I was wearing a pair of the shortest shorts it’s possible for a girl to wear.

Forget about showing off quite a lot of thigh, these little shorties meant my labia were on display if I wasn’t careful. All it took was for me to sit down with the crotch slightly misaligned and everything was out there for the world to see.

I hadn’t been sure if they were the right choice but as soon as I saw Claire’s smile as she looked down, I felt the confidence soaking through into sexiness.

Of course, that confidence and sexiness took a battering as Claire gave me a full-on lip-to-lip kiss in front of everyone. I jerked away as the first shrill wolf-whistle sounded, feeling shy and nervous as the confusion about my sexuality condensed once again.

Straight, lesbian or somewhere in between?

There was no doubt that I found it easier being straight in public.

It was a relief when Claire offered to join the queue for snacks while I went to buy the tickets -breathing time, that’s what I needed. Although I couldn’t help but feel thankful as I peeked across at Claire’s lithe body - she looked great in the pretty dress but even better naked.

My bladder twitched opportunistically as soon as I saw Claire laden down with two big buckets of fizz as well as a veritable picnic of little treats and goodies. “They were doing a ‘2-4-17’ she explained. “And it is a long film.”

“169 minutes!" I responded without thinking. I’d become an expert on the running lengths of films and it wasn’t an accident that the first film I’d brought Claire to was the initial instalment of The Hobbit.

Nearly three hours.

With no intervals.

I was going to piss myself in front of my girlfriend; it was just a matter of when.

Claire gave me a puzzled smile. "What are you thinking about?”

"You!" I said, honestly. I stroked my hand over Claire’s dirty blonde locks. They were silky smooth and I knew that it must have taken her hours with her GHDs to take out her curls - all that effort for me.

I kissed her.

Not the hesitant kiss we’d shared outside the cinema; this was the kind of kiss we shared in the privacy of the bedroom.

Lip-tingling.

“If that’s what I get for buying you a few snacks...” Claire joked, her eyes suddenly glowing.

“Come-on you,” I interrupted. “Let’s go and find a seat.” In actual fact, I knew exactly which seat I wanted to sit in; back row, centre left.

“Good choice,” Claire remarked, as she sat down. “Now, where are the loos?” It was a matinee showing and the cinema was much quieter than either the cheap morning showing or the evening performance.

And Claire was right; the seats were a good choice as nobody was within earshot. Holding Claire’s knee, I stopped her from getting up.

“What are you doing?”

“Playing a little game.”

“What kind of game?” Claire asked.

“A kinky game.” My heart was hammering, for although Claire had indulged what others may have perceived as kinky sex games, such as spankings, using fruit and veg as sex toys and anal penetration - this was different.

“I like kinky games. What were you thinking?”

“You need to pee?”

“Uh-huh. I know about the sink rule.”

“It’s not about the sink. Well, not entirely. The rule is if you go to the loo to pee, you aren’t allowed to take your knickers down.”

“You’re going to make me pee in my knickers?”

“Or...” I said.

“Or what?”

“Or you can pee here.”

From Claire's expression, I wondered whether I'd taken the game too far.

“I might just try and hold it instead.” Claire’s voice was tight.

“Hold it? For three hours?” I asked as an excited shudder ran down to my pussy. I loved the idea of Claire wriggling around with desperation.

Claire laughed. “Exactly. I don’t fancy sitting in a puddle of my own piss for three hours.”

I went quiet as memories came back to me of pee trickling out into my underwear; of the wet heat soaking into my clothes and the upholstery. The dirty thoughts eventually caused a wet spot on my shorts - that was the danger of going out in public with no knickers. My pussy was a mess and I tried to hide the fact by crossing my legs.

“What’s wrong with you?” Claire asked, picking up on my physical discomfort. “Do you need to go pee-pee too?” she whispered in an innocent voice.

“I might do,” I admitted, hoping that the confession might lead somewhere.

“Well, two can play at your little game, so why don’t you do it here?”

“OK,” I said, trying to hide my excitement, although a lewd smile must have brightened my face.

“You’re really going to do it?” Claire asked disbelievingly. “You’re really going to pee here?”

That was exactly what I was going to do; this was my opportunity.

Unwrapping my legs, I pulled Claire’s hand down between my thighs and held it against my crotch. My shorts were so skimpy that Claire’s fingers touched against my pussy.

“You’re really wet down there!" Claire said, working her fingers inside.

“Not as wet as I’m going to be!" I said, pressing down on my bladder.

It felt like showing off as I let a quick stream of piss escape.

Claire jolted upright in her seat as she felt the hot pee moving against her fingers. I’d probably peed a dozen times in the cinema since that showing of War Horse but it was a totally different experience to share it with someone else.

The lights were low and it was difficult to know what Claire was thinking.

Was she disgusted? Was she impressed?

The fact that she kept her fingers in the ‘wet zone’ seemed positive.

Cautiously, I peed again. “Mmmm,” Claire sighed softly, as the warmth spread over her fingers before draining away into the seat’s material.

“You like it?” I asked, leaning over in my seat so that my mouth was next to Claire’s ear.

"Like it? I love it, you dirty bitch!” Her lips curled up into a lewd, wicked smile as she gripped the back of my head and snogged me. The kiss was deep and passionate and with Claire’s fingers rubbing my piss-sodden pussy, goose-bumps started to rise on my skin as my nipples tightened into sensitive little buds.

“Oooh fuck! You’re going to make me come,” I warned, trying to push Claire’s hand away.

Claire grunted as she fought to keep her fingers attached to my crotch and I grunted with effort as I tried to force them away.

Heads started to turn away from the screen to see where the noise was coming from. It was fear of being discovered which made me stop fighting her.

The only way to stop the noise was to give in.

My orgasm started to swell as Claire’s fingers worked their magic in my slippery pussy - a pussy which was slippery with both sex juices and piss.

Trying to make sense of the complicated sensations between my legs, I managed to pee again.

“Oh my God, you’re so bad,” Claire whispered into my ear. She had half-twisted, half-crawled out of her own seat so that her left leg was now pressed between my knees.

The position left Claire’s pussy vulnerable.

I cupped it and felt a small patch of moisture in her knickers, which may have been sexual fluid... or might just have been pee. In my imagination, I knew which one I wanted it to be.

Every movement of Claire’s fingers gave me a sharp sting of pleasure; I was close to my limit, having exposed an important part of my sexuality to my girlfriend. Uncertainty was crystallising into delicious relief as my thighs started trembling and my back arched.

It might have been dark in that auditorium but I knew Claire could sense the desire and the pleading in my eyes. “I can’t hold it any longer, Claire.”

“You need to pee?” she whispered huskily.

“No,” I gasped. “I need to come.”

Claire dug her fingers in harder, kneading my bare pussy with a rhythm which seemed to resonate deep inside me; she was in control of my orgasm; only her fingers could take me over the edge... however, when she did, I had to do it without drawing attention to myself.

“Shhh,” Claire whispered. “Remember?”

Her voice was tiny and soft as she breathed the instruction directly into my ear. In fact, I could barely hear her over the thunderous pounding of my heart - a pounding which increased as she traced her tongue down my ear, pausing to suck on my earlobe before kissing and nipping my neck.

It was hard to keep quiet as Claire nuzzled my neck and impossible as I instinctively lifted my hip to accommodate her exploring fingers. Claire penetrated me, even as the palm of her hand forced the rough stitching of my shorties to bite against my swollen clitoris.

The first tiny tendrils of my orgasm exploded as I imagined Claire down between my legs, nibbling at my pissy pussy; everything spiralled out of control as the extra stimulation and my imagination combined with the reality of pissing myself in front of my girlfriend.

There was a thin veneer of control which kept me from shouting out; only deep, rasping breaths gave any indication of what was happening inside my body as Claire finger-fucked my pussy while I squirmed on my piss-sodden seat. “Oooh, bloody hell!" I groaned, as I willed my booming heart to ease off just a little.

Something loud happened in the film and I took the opportunity to grab a few deep breaths. “I feel dizzy,” I said, getting a head rush after having restricted my oxygen intake for so long.

“Leah?”

“Mmmm?”

“Have you got any pee left?”

“Yes, of course.”

“Why don’t you empty yourself?”

The cold clarity of the situation now that my orgasm had passed made me resist.

“Right you, knickers off so I can spank you.”

Claire laughed loud enough to earn a ‘shushing’ from a few rows in front of us. “But I thought I wasn’t allowed to take my knickers off until I’d peed in them?”

“Only if you chose to go to the toilet to pee, remember? You were going to try and wait until the end of the film?”

“I really need to pee now. People are looking at us. There’s no way I can get my knickers off without people knowing.”

“Well, you’ll have to wait. Or you could just go anyway,” I suggested.

“I can’t pee my knickers!”

“Shhhh!”

After a break of a few minutes, Claire leant across once again. “I need to go so, so bad. I’m going to try it.”

Claire was more brazen than I’d ever been; she shifted in her seat as she pulled-out the bottom of her dress from under one buttock and then the other. Her slim thighs seemed to glow in the sidelights - as did her knickers as she spread her legs.

My eyes were glued to the narrowest point of the ‘v’ on display; I didn’t want to miss any part of the show.

Claire gasped excitedly as a dark stain fanned out rapidly across the surface of the seat. It was an impressive flood of piss, rushing out in a curved wave to the edge of the seat before disappearing from view.

The surface was rippling under the force of the current and I realised that Claire must have been peeing as though she was sitting on a toilet, pissing as hard and as fast as she could - the total opposite of the sneaking seat-soakings I’d always limited myself to.

I imagined the rivulets of piss snaking down amongst the seats, soaking people's jackets, bags or anything else they’d stashed on the floor.

What if someone notices?

It would be easy enough to trace back the little pissy rivers to their source.

I saw Claire relax as she finally emptied her bladder. “Phew!” she sighed, wiping her hand theatrically across her brow. “I really needed to go.”

“You don’t say,” I hissed, too shocked to be aroused at what my girlfriend had just done for me. “I don’t think I’ve ever peed like that!” I’d been expecting a tiny wet patch to darken the front of Claire’s knickers. Perhaps I’d be able to see the material bulging, looking as though it might hold the pee in like a miniature nappy... but then the force and quantity of the urine would break down the resistance and it’d all come out before soaking down into the seat.

That was how I peed.

Reserved and controlled; almost apologetic.

I didn’t pee with the kind of force which sent a tidal wave out between my legs, the likes of which would have had somebody jabbing urgently at the button used to raise the Thames Barrier.

“I did it for you,” Claire said, gleefully pulling my hand down between her legs.

The pee was still warm... and it was still moving; where it had formed small pools in unseen depressions, the pressure of my fingers made the pools overflow and new water courses formed briefly.

Despite my reservations, there was something undeniably arousing about Claire having pissed herself so completely - perhaps it was a control thing. I’d asked her to piss herself and she had done so to the best of her ability; perhaps it was the fact that she had done the very thing that I had always wanted to do but had never dared.

Yes, that was it.

For all my naughtiness, the pee remaining in my bladder was a disappointment - I had never let it all out in one maximised stream... and I wasn’t sure that I ever would.

My skin prickled as I flushed with embarrassment; I was supposed to be the filthy one here -1 didn’t like the idea of being upstaged.

That was when I knew what I had to do.

Slipping off my seat, I squeezed myself into the gap between Claire’s legs. I was kneeling in her piss but that didn’t matter - not as I pressed my mouth against the gusset of her knickers. As soon as I sucked, pee flowed freely into my mouth. There was an aftertaste of washing powder and the smell of clean cotton in my nostrils but what was in my mouth was undeniably urine.

It wasn’t particularly offensive, so I swallowed - making a mental note to brush my teeth well before next kissing my mother.

Pulling down Claire’s knickers in such a confined space was an impossibility, so I made do with pulling the material to one side. Every fleshy fold was glistening and rivulets of fresh pee formed as I traced each groove of Claire’s labia.

There was nothing to fear, having already swallowed a mouthful of pee but I felt Claire lurch repeatedly as I explored the petals of her vulva. There was tension in her muscles - tension which I had never felt when I’d had a cock in my mouth in a darkened cinema.

Of course, it's different for girls.

“I can’t believe you’re getting freaky with me in here,” Claire hissed, as I pushed my tongue deeper inside, exploring the boundary where the sharp taste of pee was overwhelmed by the soft spices of Claire’s sex juices.

The inside of Claire’s vaginal passage tasted the same as it always did and it felt reassuring and familiar as my tongue explored.

Claire grabbed me by the hair, making me gasp. “You can’t do that to me in here; I’ll scream the place down.”

“Toilets then”

We scrambled away from our soiled seats, every nerve ending seemingly on edge as I went to have sex with my girlfriend in a public toilet. My legs were wobbly, and I could barely walk since each stride sent a shockwave through my body.

There was an orgasm trapped inside Claire, just waiting to be released by my tongue.

But there was something trapped inside me which Claire wanted to release as well.

“How much do you need to pee?” she asked.

“I don’t know!" I answered, testing my muscles. “I’m not bursting.”

“It might be fun to pretend that you are...” Claire said, and went on to outline her plan.

“Oh my God! There’s no way...”

“You have to do it,” Claire said sternly. “I did what you wanted me to do and this isn’t that much different.” Claire could see that I wasn’t keen. “I won’t touch your clitoris ever again.” Claire ran her skilful tongue across the front of her teeth, showing me exactly what I was going to miss out on if I didn’t comply with her demand.

Behind the threat, her eyes were smiling devilishly; I was addicted to that tongue and we both knew it.

“OK, I'll do it."

“I knew you would," Claire said, flashing me a smile. “Just try and make it look believable."

I didn’t want to do it, although the idea of making my private fetish public did make me obscenely aroused.

“Here goes," Claire said, throwing the toilet door open dramatically.

The cubicle doors were open - but they were in use, as they always were during a performance and each of the sinks was in use - and not for washing hands. In all, there were eight girls in there, either peeing or waiting to pee... and us.

“Ooooh shit,” I groaned, clutching my groin while trying to unknot my muscles.

“Come-on, we’re almost there,” Claire said soothingly, gazing at me with loving, aroused eyes.

Something changed in that moment -1 wanted to do it for her; I wanted to piss myself in front of all these girls, just as Claire had demanded.

I groaned as I thought about emptying myself; excitement and desire combining into entirely new submissive sensations.

The sound of other bladders emptying helped.

“I can’t hold it,” I moaned, as warmth trickled and then rushed down the insides of my thighs.

It was as though a spell had been cast in the room. Every face turned to look at me as I peed myself; each one wore the same expression: a mixture of shock, horror and disgust combined with relief that it hadn’t happened to them.

“It was the sound of everyone else peeing!" I explained, stepping away from the puddle I had created. “I just couldn’t stop it.”

“Don’t worry,” Claire said. “We’ll soon get you cleaned up.”

The way she ran that tongue of hers over her lips let me know exactly how she was planning on ‘cleaning me up’.

“Let’s wash-out your shorties.”

I paused.

That wasn’t part of the plan.

I wasn't wearing any knickers, so to take off my shorts would be to expose my pussy and bum to a roomful of strangers.

“Come-on,” she said, holding out her hand as she looked deep into my eyes. “Or do you want to walk around in pissy pants all day.”

I caught the little smirk.

Claire had trapped me: either I had to admit that I wanted to wear pissy pants, or I had to expose myself.

I did it as quickly as I could; bundling my shorts down my wet legs before offering them to Claire.

“If one of you girls wouldn’t mind?"

I caught a flash of pussy as the girl jumped down. Not a natural blonde, apparently, although I did like her slutty blue G-string. She gave me a tight smile, with perhaps a bit of sympathy in the expression, but left without saying anything.

What did you say to a girl who had just pissed herself in front of you while you yourself were pissing in a sink?

Claire grabbed me around the waist and allowed her hand to drop down onto my bare bottom. “How are you feeling?” she whispered.

“A little strange. Vulnerable.”

She pulled me towards her and pushed her lips against mine.

“How’s about we grab ourselves a cubicle?” Grabbing my shorts, Claire pushed ahead of the girl next in line.

“Sorry,” I called, feeling ridiculously exposed as I brushed past the girl with my bare bottom. As soon as the door was closed, Claire moulded her mouth over mine.

“Let’s get naked,” she suggested excitedly.

“Naked?”

“You’re halfway there already,” Claire said, turning to present me with her zipper. Claire was shaking noticeably as I eased the zipper down her back before pulling the loose dress up over her head.

Unclasping Claire’s bra, I waited until she had hung her dress on the back of the door before exposing her tiny breasts.

Only her sodden knickers were left. “I can’t believe the way you peed out there,” I whispered in her
ear.

“Why? How were you expecting me to pee?" Claire asked, turning to face me as I hooked my thumbs into the top of her underwear and pushed downwards.

“I’ve always done it in little bits.”

“Not out there, you didn’t.” That was true. When Claire had made me pee while standing in the girls’ toilet, I’d done it all in one big flood. “Now, this is what I call intimate,” Claire said, looking down as she obligingly stepped out of her underwear.

She wrapped her leg around my shoulder and I rubbed my cheek against it like a friendly cat. Underneath my top, my nipples stiffened.

“You might want to take that top off now.”

“Might I?”

“Unless you want it to get wet, yes.” Claire was standing over me with one foot on the floor and the other on the toilet seat. Her pussy was right over my face... and she was using her fingers to hold it open.

It didn’t take a genius to work out what she was going to do next.

I scrabbled my way out of my top and bra, throwing them up out of the way.

As soon as my clothes were clear, Claire started peeing.

A great stream of pale, translucent pee arced down over me and into me. “Take it, Babe,” Claire giggled, swirling her hips so that the pee sprinkled down in a glistening cone; hot droplets seemed to be bursting all over my body, soaking me in an instant.

The droplets gathered and began to flow, following the natural channel between my breasts, over my belly and pussy before falling into the growing puddle between my legs.

“Claire!” I protested. But I only managed that one word before I was gargling piss.

By moving her hips, she could clearly aim... and what she was aiming for was my mouth.

Shutting my eyes, I let the pee flood in to my open mouth. The submissive side of me sang out and my hand went down between my legs and rubbed as I spluttered and swallowed and gasped for breath.

My clitoris was hot and needy, demanding that

I rub it with all my might. How it would be to orgasm while my girlfriend peed on me.

It wasn’t possible; Claire didn’t seem to be able to reduce her flow and all too soon the flood stopped. However, the next best thing to a pissing pussy was a pissy pussy and I blindly searched with my mouth for Claire’s opening.

Claire’s pee was still running down between my legs and I gasped with delight as I used the fluid to lubricate my fingers before shoving them up inside my vagina. I was close to climaxing already but having my girlfriend’s piss in both my mouth and pussy aroused me to the point where I couldn’t resist.

Letting go of Claire’s labia, in case I bit down during my orgasm, I used the fingers of my left hand to stimulate my clitoris while slipping two fingers of my right hand deep into my vagina.

My eyes were closed and I concentrated on the taste of Claire’s pee and the sensation of my body being wet with it; imagining what I must look like as I knelt in a cubicle, naked and glistening with piss.

The soft spongy muscles started to tighten as I went harder and faster, strumming my clitoris while fucking my pussy. The climax was just... there.

My bare feet slid through the puddle of piss, my toes clenching as I buried my fingers deep into my tightening vagina.

I wanted to cry out but somehow managed to hold it back, allowing only a hiss of held breath to escape as the frenzied spasms of ecstasy tore through me. It didn't matter that I was uncomfortable, or that I had been humiliated; perhaps those were the reasons why the pleasure sucking at my clitoris were more intense than any I could remember.

When I finally looked up, Claire was peering down at me with her eyebrows forming a question.

“Wow... just wow!” I said, letting the relief flood out into my voice.

Despite being covered in piss for the first time in my life, I felt cleansed.

“I think it’s my turn?” Claire suggested, her hair falling across her face.

“Definitely,” I responded, curling my legs underneath me, rejoicing in the fact that even more of my skin was now wet.

Sliding a hand up the outside of Claire’s thigh, I dragged my mouth up the inside, collecting droplets of piss as I went. The way it glistened reminded me of wet grass on a spring morning, only this was wet with my girlfriend's piss - not that that seemed to matter as I kissed and licked a trail clean up to Claire’s crotch.

“Great view,” I murmured, just before Claire dropped her pussy onto my mouth. My heart beat revved as my tongue slid over and around the rough, dimpled flesh of Claire’s labia. Inside was silky smooth and that was where I concentrated my efforts, earning a shiver of approval.

Claire rubbed herself against me, enhancing the stimulation as I surged up between her legs, pressing my tits against her thighs and groping the cheeks of her arse as I munched on her sensitive pussy.

Up above, I knew that she’d be pulling on her nipples, twisting and tugging to extract another nuance of pleasure from a body which was on the edge of something really special.

I deliberately circled Claire’s clitoris without actually touching it. Would it have been enough to make her come if I had flicked my tongue across its slippery surface?

I liked to think so.

Breathing in sharply through my nose, I pushed up harder and deeper into Claire’s cunt, knowing that the pressure from my mouth was enough to bring her off. The body movements became jerky as Claire lost control; her muscles tensing in preparation for...

Orgasm.

Claire let out a wail as the trembling and shaking took hold of her body.

I held my position as best I could, lapping at the sweet-tasting juices leaking from Claire’s pussy.

As the movements became less pronounced, I tightened my arms around Claire’s waist, determined to squeeze every ounce of pleasure out of her climax.

Munching my girlfriend’s pussy while clinging to her piss-wet legs had my heart thudding powerfully against my chest.

It felt like a dream, as though a comforting blanket had been wrapped around my shoulders.

“Perhaps we should make a run for it?” Claire suggested, rudely awakening me from that comfortable moment.

“You mean streak?" I asked, jerking out of my little reverie.

“You really are full of surprises,” Claire giggled, helping me to my feet. “I had no idea you were so kinky.”

She wiped herself dry with a wad of toilet paper before doing the same to me, lingering, as she always did, over my perky breasts and the sensitive area between my legs.

“It's warm outside; I’m sure we’ll dry off pretty quickly,” I said, noticing that Claire had neglected to put her bra and knickers back on as I zipped up her dress.

Every breeze could expose my girlfriend's bare pussy and bum.

“Don’t count on that!" Claire said, waggling her eyebrows. “I’m sure I’ll need to pee before we get home and we both know where I’m going to do it.”

As if to emphasise the point, she gripped my chin between her finger and thumb and pulled down, opening my mouth. “I had no idea coming to the cinema with you was going to be so much fun!”
