Zena, A Wet Evening At The Pub

Author: Uncledi, March 1997

This story is essentially true and happened to the author when he was younger. It is a watersports story and recounts the results of a visit to the pub with his then girlfriend, Zena. In addition to being primarily a watersports story there are elements of hair and body odour fetishes.

If such stories are offensive to you then you should read no further!

Names, places and dates have been changed to protect the innocent.

This is story 2 in the Zena series.

Zena and I had known each other about three months when we discovered our interest in watersports was mutual. (See story 1 for details). Once we had 'come clean' with one another so to speak, our sex life became steadily more watersports oriented, ultimately to the exclusion of any other kind of sex. But that is another tale. This story relates an incident about one year after we first met. At this time we still had our own flats and used to meet almost every day after work.

This particular Friday evening I grabbed a quick 'ready meal', washed and changed into jeans and tee-shirt and headed for the pub. I had been delayed leaving work, so I was running late. My flat was only a fifteen minute walk to the pub, and walking meant that I could drink as much as I liked, which was the whole point really. I hurried down the darkening country lanes. It was a warm summer evening and I began to sweat. When I arrived at the pub, "The Rose and Crown" in Penny Hassette, I could see Zena's car in the car park. I walked around to the rear where the beer garden was and as soon as I turned the corner, I saw her. She was seated at a small table at the furthest end of the garden, our favourite spot.

This was a quiet country pub and there was only one other couple in the garden She looked beautiful with her small, oval face, perfectly set off by her long raven black hair. She was wearing a light coloured sleeveless blouse with matching skirt and not much else as it was still warm after a hot summers day. She waved me over, revealing for a tantalising instant the dark patch of luxuriant growth in her armpit. Two pints sat on the table, a bitter for me and a shandy for her. The shandy was already half gone. I apologised for being late and sat next to her on the bench seat and give her a big kiss. As I did so I caught a delicious whiff of her natural scent. You see Zena was 'into' being natural, no shaving, un-perfumed soap and definitely no deodorants.

By now it was about nine-thirty and we had until eleven at the latest before we had to drink up and leave. I was thirsty, so I downed my bitter in one go. As I got up to get another pint Zena excused herself to go to the ladies. "So soon" I commented. "That was my second" she chided gently "You were late, remember". I got the refills, returned to our table and waited for Zena. As I sipped on my pint my thoughts turned to what she would be doing. I knew that she had only used the ladies because it was still light and there was another couple in the garden.

Zena returned and sat next to me. After a quick glance towards the other couple she leaned over for a long, lingering kiss. While one hand held me around the waist, and her tongue explored my lips she guided my free hand first to her bare knees and then, on, upwards towards that delightful thicket between her thighs. As was often the case, she was naked under her skirt and as I stroked between her legs I could feel the thickness of her pubic hair moist towards her cunt from her recent pee. As I teased her labia apart and reached further into the moist entrance to her vagina she stuck her tongue harder into my mouth and grabbed by stiffening cock through the material of my jeans. I broke away and came up for air. I knew only too well what could happen if things were allowed to go any further at the moment. Zena gave me a reproachful look and did a little quick quiver of her upper lip that I found both amusing and endearing at the same time.

I light two cigarettes and passed one to Zena who took a puff and looked at me as if to say, "This is poor substitute for what I really want". We smoked quietly for a few moments, drinking our drinks. I was also enjoying the combined smell of Zena's love juices and piss on my fingers with each drag on the cigarette. Zena's obsession with her piss was hard for me to take at first, but tonight I really appreciated the fact that when she went to the ladies earlier she must have deliberately pissed on her hand and then wiped it dry on her pubes.

I finished my drink, crushed out the stub of my cigarette and, looking hard at Zena. and licked my fingers appreciatively. She smiled and got up, "Time for another I think" she said. I got up to go with her as I now needed the loo rather badly myself but she placed her hand on my shoulder and pushed me back into my seat. "Stay here and wait, can't you"? She whispered loudly, "That couple over there are leaving at last and I have something new I want to try". I looked, and indeed the people were going in now it was nearly dark, leaving the garden to us. Without waiting for a reply, Zena grabbed the glasses and made for the bar.

I sat there, virtually in complete darkness as the Rose and Crown had no garden lighting and being a country pub there were no street lights to spoil our seclusion either. Only the small amount of light leaking from the windows at the rear of the pub threw enough illumination to reveal Zena's departing form. As she opened the door to the pub she reached behind and flicked up her skirt, giving me a flash of her naked bum. Typical of the brazen hussy I thought and I loved her for it. Zena seemed to be ages getting the drinks and after two pints I became more and more acutely aware of the pressure building in my bladder. Whatever did Zena have in mind? By the time the door opened and I saw her emerge, a full pint in each hand, I was very nearly wetting myself. Was this what she had wanted? Would she be disappointed if she returned to find me still dry?

"What the hell took you so long " I said, as she put the drinks on the table and sat down. "I just wanted to be sure you'd be ready for me" she replied. "You are, I take it"? Without waiting for a reply she unzipped my fly and took out my cock.

"Here?"

"Now?"

"This instant"? I stuttered.

"Yes" she hissed, her voice hoarse with passion. I opened my legs as wide as I could to avoid splattering my jeans and tried to pee. "What's the matter"? Zena said "It's not easy sitting down" I said. "Be patient". Her reply was to lift my arm over her head pulling back my tee-shirt. "Mm, you smell gorgeous" She mumbled with her mouth full of my underarm hair. As she licked the sweat from my armpit I felt the flow begin. She stopped what she was doing and concentrated on guiding my stream of piss under the table, occasionally dipping a finger into the stream and then licking it with a wicked grin of delight.

Eventually the flow diminished and she ducked expertly down to catch the dying moments. I managed to keep going as she wrapped her lips around the end of my cock. I couldn't believe what she was doing. We had tasted drips of each others pee before, but here she was drinking the last mouthful without spilling a drop. When I had quite finished she continued sucking for some moments before releasing my now rampant prick and coming up to give me a big, wet, sloppy, pissy kiss.

The sensation was strangely exciting, here I was tasting my own piss and pre-come juices second hand. As we kissed I reached under her skirt. She stopped kissing me and lifting her bum off the seat slipped up her skirt to give me easier access to her fanny, as I thought. We then resumed our deep kisses as she fondled my cock and I fingered her pussy. I slipped two fingers up her, by now, soaking vagina and rubbed my thumb gently on her clit. Suddenly her kisses became more intense and for an instance I took it she was about to come. I was right, she was, but not yet. She broke off and opened her blouse. When and how she had undone the buttons I'll never know.

"You know what I like" she whispered huskily in my ear. I continued to finger her pussy as I grabbed her left nipple with my lips and began to suck hard, taking in her scent at the same time. As her breathing increased in depth and frequency I moved up her breast and buried my face in the forest of her armpit. One of her most erogenous zones was here. I swear she could have an orgasm if all I did was suck and lick her armpits. As her body shook with the pleasure she was receiving she began to pee. Not just a dribble, but as she orgasmed it burst out at full force, soaking the grass below and making the most erotic hissing noise.

I kissed her gently, leaving my hand in place as her stream slowed to a trickle and finally stopped. "That was lovely" she said. I licked my fingers clean and took a swig of my beer. Zena buttoned up and re-arranged her skirt. Half the thrill for her was the thought of being caught. I'll never forget the time she pissed herself in the supermarket car park on a Saturday morning. She just stood between two parked cars while I watched, parted her legs slightly and directed a stream of urine onto the concrete below. Then, without even bothering to wipe the splatters off her legs, off she went into the store, as if nothing had happened.

I stuffed my bulging prick back in my jeans as best I could and we sat quietly smoking and drinking once more. Zena with the look of the cat that got the cream . Before I was half way through my cigarette Zena finished her pint and looked at me expectantly for another. I made to get up and go to the bar, but Zena stopped me. "Look at your jeans", she said "They're soaking at the front, you can't go to the bar like that." I looked down and saw that she was right, a combination of juices and piss had left a dark stain across the front of my jeans.

"It's okay, I'll go", Zena said, "but you'll have to give me some money, I'm out" I got a tenner out of my wallet and passed it to her. As she go up, I checked the back of her dress. Despite being a slatted wooden bench seat a good deal of her piss had wet it. I might have had a wet front, but Zena, in spite of her earlier precautions had a distinctly wet bum. The pale, light material was now translucent where wet and you could clearly make out the outline of her rounded, ripe arse. "Who cares what anybody thinks" was all Zena had to say as she noticed what I was staring at. With a flounce she was off.

This time, she was very quick in returning with our drinks. "Ten minutes left" she said "I just go there in time". For comforts sake I had moved to a table closer to the bar, and a dry seat. "Anyone say anything"? I asked, looking pointedly at her bum. "No" she replied, "but I caught one old man giving me a good look"! "Neil I suppose" I said and we laughed. We sat, smoking and drinking, chatting about nothing in particular. We both emptied our glasses at the same time. "What now" I asked "back to my place?"

"Not yet" replied Zena handing me her car keys "Drive me somewhere quiet". Now what to do? I had drunk too much to drive! There was only one place to go, and Zena knew it. I unlocked the passenger door and waved her in with a flourish. As I walked around the back of the car Zena reached over and unlocked my door. Just in time I was able to hop in before the first people out of the pub could see my damp condition.

As I started the car I felt a hand caress and explore the damp front of my jeans. Very carefully I pulled out of the car park and onto the road. Almost immediately opposite the pub was a track that led to a fishing lake, formerly a gravel pit. It was up this track I pointed the car. Now I really had to concentrate. You really have never seen potholes like it. The track was not designed for motor vehicles and certainly not for an ordinary car. Weaving from side to side it took about 10 minutes to reach the lake, a distance of only some five hundred yards.

As the track fanned out to a relatively flat area of grass I breathed a sigh of relief. Zena got the wrong end of the stick and thought I was about to come. She pinched my prick quite hard to prevent me. I yelled and hit the brakes hard. "Why did you do that " I screamed. "Did I hurt you? Sorry I just thought you'd like to save it a little longer" she replied. "Anyway, I wish you hadn't stopped so quick, you made me wet myself". My prick grew even stiffer at this news, if that was at all possible.

I made for a small clearing off the main throughway and pulled the car just inside to give a little privacy, should anyone pass by. It was not the fishing season yet so I didn't think it likely that we would be disturbed. As I killed the engine and turned off the headlights Zena swiftly unzipped my flies, releasing my straining cock. She teased the end delightfully as I reached over and played with her tits, nibbling gently on her earlobe at the same time. She stopped sucking my cock and we started to kiss as I reached between her legs to see if she had told the truth when I braked suddenly and found both her and the seat quite soaked.

Suddenly she broke away and, lifting her bum off the seat deftly wriggled out of her skirt. She then folded it carefully so the wettest patch was on top. "Was I a naughty girl, or what" she said. Then without waiting for a reply she put the wet material to her face and sniffed vigorously. "I love the smell of piss" she declared, then threw the damp and crumpled bundle into the rear of the car.

"Get the seat back down" she ordered. "And get those jeans off while your at it." As I hurried to comply she finishing undoing the buttons on her blouse and took it off, then releasing her seat, she lay back, tits sticking up like coconuts. As I released my seat to join her she ordered me to eat her. I didn't need to be asked! I had wanted to do this all evening. As I went down on her the combined smell of fresh and air dried piss was intoxicating. I inhaled the aromatic mixture eagerly as I worked away vigorously on her cunt lips and clitty.

These were easy to find, despite her unusually thick and long pubic bush because she also had quite long and dangly outer lips. When exited her clitoris was also a good quarter inch in length. Zena loved it when I took her fleshy cunt lips into my mouth and sucked quite hard whilst tonguing her clitty at the same time. Zena would always lie back and enjoy, making no effort to stimulate me at all. It was quite usual for us to go on like this for ages, but tonight she reached down as if to push me away after only a few minutes.

"Stop" she breathed "unless you want a face full of piss. If you make me come I won't be able to stop myself and I don't want a completely soaked car seat". Lifting my head from her cunt I replied "Too late, it's already very wet". I then resumed tonguing her. After a few moments she began to dribble pee, which I did my best to suck up. I was so turned on I didn't think about what I was drinking, I simply enjoyed the sensation and the obvious pleasure it was giving Zena.

"Get out of the car now then" She abruptly ordered "and no arguing" she added for good measure. We both got out and took a few paces further into the clearing. There was a half moon and plenty of light for me to appreciate how beautiful she was. I grabbed her from behind and spun her to face me. We kissed briefly and then when she was sure, I was sure, she gently guided my head between her legs. I knelt on the grass as she bent her legs to bring her cunt to my upturned face.

Almost as soon as I started to tickle her clit with the tip of my tongue I felt the first drops of her piss splatter on my face. Hot and deliciously sweet with the saccharin from the shandies. I eagerly lapped it all up. As I probed and sucked the flow increased in strength until I could cope no longer. I had to pull away or risk drowning! As I pulled my head away I held onto her buttocks for support as she leaned back slightly and abandoned herself to an orgy of pissing.

Her jet of pee hit me full in the chest, soaking my already damp tee-shirt. Suddenly her piss started to fly in all directions and I realised I had not quite succeeded with my tongue, she was achieving her own orgasm with her fingers. As she came for the second time that evening she let out a low moan and knelt down beside me. Her hands urged me up and pushed and pulled my legs until I was standing before her kneeling form.

"Must I beg" she demanded. But I knew what she wanted but I was just too stiff. After a few moments I was flaccid enough, and after four pints of beer I was certainly full enough. She took it full in the face, then revelled in my hot shower, pretending to wash, she cupped her hands in the stream and then splashed my pee over her tits, face, armpits, fanny. As I had now come to expect she took my prick in her mouth as the flow slackened and drank greedily all that I could offer. We fell together on the grass as my rapidly stiffing prick sought her cunt.

There on the grass we fucked, covered in our mutual piss. At the moment of my orgasm I sucked the piss out of her armpits. As I came I felt a hot flush on my balls, Zena was coming and pissing simultaneously yet again. I lay there, too exhausted to move for a moment as she emptied her bladder all over my cock and balls. Finally we dressed in our wet clothing, then as we made to leave I decided I couldn't wait till we got home and I started to piss again. Zena pretended to be annoyed and immediately stood in front of me so I gave her another thorough soaking.

Zena took the keys and drove home to my place, somehow the way out did not seem as bad as the way in. We were both so happily exhausted that we just stripped, threw our wet clothes into the washing machine and crashed out, still covered in not mostly dried piss. I fell asleep, cradled in Zena's aromatically delightful armpit.

As I woke in the morning my first sensation was the amazing smell coming from the pair of us, cum, sweat and piss! I had disturbed Zena and she awoke with a yawn and a stretch, giving me a close up view of her luxuriously hirsute armpits. As she came to she felt down and found my piss proud prick. "Will you do what I asked you the other day"? she queried. "Okay" I replied, If you are sure. By way of a reply Zena reached into the bedside cupboard and grabbed a tube of KY jelly. Putting a gob on her finger she wiped it on the end of my stiffy and placed a second gob up her arse-hole. She guided my prick to her anus and after a couple of shoves I got it in, surprised at the ease of entry I asked her how come.

"Been practising" was all she would say. Now, in anticipation, she lay perfectly still as I concentrated like never before. As my prick went down a little the urge to pee returned. I began to piss. Zena emitted little squeals of delight - "Fantastic", "God you won't believe the feeling", and so on. This was one of Zena's major fantasies, she had confessed to wanting to put into action a few days before. Suddenly she started to piss and cry at the same time. "I'm sorry", she said. "We never prepared the bed".

Thank goodness I had had the foresight to plan ahead. I had put the rubber sheet on top of the mattress but under the sheets. "Relax darling" I replied. "I did". As her piss soaked me, my flow came to an end. I got rapidly stiff again and her ass hole was delightfully tight. I started to move in and out and at the same time felt her hand move to her clit to rub herself off. As soon as I came however she dashed out of bed. I heard the strangest noises coming from the bathroom. "Well did you want the bed full of shit as well?" she asked as she returned.......................

(to be continued)

Glossary:-

Arse = Bum, But, Rear

Bathroom = a small room with a toilet and bath and in this series - a shower

Bitter = Proper English beer made with Malt, Barley and Hops

Canteen = A restaurant supplied and run by the company

Fanny = Cunt, Quim, Vagina

Larger = Beer (of sorts!)

Loo = Toilet, Head, John also bathroom

Shandy = Beer and Lemonade in equal measures

N.B. Pubs in the UK used to shut by law at 11pm. Most still do!

