DISCOVERING NANCY FRIDAY

Author: William Abbott

My first serious girlfriend was also the first person in whom I confided my sexual kink. Sometimes as we made love, she could tell I was imagining something, and she started asking me what it was that I fantasized about. I wouldn't tell her at first, but she kept after me (“Come on, I know you're dying to tell me...'') until finally I admitted to being turned on by thinking about women having to pee. She got a mildly puzzled look on her face and said, “Huh. Yeah, I read a story about that once.”

A STORY? You mean there's a STORY about that somewhere?

This was before the Internet, back when reading a story meant finding a book or a magazine. So when she told me she'd seen a story about women having to pee, I asked her would she please, pretty please with a cherry on top, oh my God, PLEASE find it for me?

A couple of days later I went over to her apartment and found her lying on her bed flipping through a copy of Nancy Friday's Men In Love. She turned it around and slid it across the bed for me to see. It was open to a chapter called “Water Sports.” “Is this what you mean?” she asked me.

Oh, yeah. Oh, baby, yeah!

What follows here is what I wrote in my journal a few days later. When I posted it at the Experience Project (years after the fact) readers seemed to identify with it strongly. One of them said, “Nancy Friday also mattered quite a bit in my thinking about my pee fetish. I found the book at summer camp in my late teens, and used to masturbate to these exact stories.” Another told me, “The day you decided to keep a journal is the day we all should be thankful for!”

Last night B. showed me Nancy Friday’s Men In Love, the chapter on “Water Sports”. Three of the fantasies really turned me on—“Melvin”, “Fritz”, and the third one I’ve forgotten his name. But the only one that I really liked was Fritz.

Melvin talked about a time he and his wife were driving around looking for a place for her to piss, and in the end she wet her pants, and he was so aroused that when they got home he made love to her in the car in the driveway before they even went inside.

I would have too. It’s very exciting to me when a woman I’m attracted to has to piss really bad and can’t find a place. That night that M. and I saw Blood Simple, we had dinner first and the women’s room at the restaurant was closed for some reason. We walked around for a while before the movie. We were going to see something else, I don’t remember what, but it wasn’t playing any more, and we were standing outside the theater wondering what to do instead, and she asked me, “Do you think they’d let me in just to use their bathroom? That onion soup went right through me.”

And I just stood there for a second, not knowing what to say, because theaters usually don’t let you do things like that. I felt very embarrassed for her and vulnerable through her, not because she had to pee but because I thought she would ask and be denied, and to be rejected under those circumstances would mortify her, and by empathy, me. Then I noticed that Blood Simple was playing, which was also a great movie that I’d been wanting to see, and I said let’s see that. And we got our tickets and I got seats and she went to the bathroom. And that night I wrote that I felt like I was falling in love with her.

What I didn’t like about Melvin’s experience with his wife is that his wife was almost in tears when she wet her pants.

The third man’s story was better from that respect. He once dated a nurse who was also turned on by it. They were driving home on a freeway after a party, and they both had to piss really badly. But it was a long drive home with no place to stop on the way. They got to her apartment squirming desperately. They ran for the bathroom, but instead of pissing, they masturbated each other and then, still standing, fully clothed, embracing, they both urinated. This was the beginning of a pattern that was very pleasurable for both of them.

His fantasies are about women in tight pants in traffic jams. On the surface they’re very similar to mine, but with enough subtle differences to detract from their appeal for me. For one thing, clothing is important, and a nude woman doesn’t turn him on. For another thing, she’s alone—he doesn’t fantasize about being with her. And there’s very little feeling in his descriptions. Finally, after wetting her pants in the car, his fantasy woman goes home and does it again, deliberately, standing in front of a mirror.

It’s never even occurred to me to wonder what it would be like to be with a woman who was also turned on by it. I think it might be really unsettling. In my fantasies, the woman HAS to pee. If she just wets herself for a sexual kick, it leaves me cold.

But Fritz. Fritz is a man after my own heart. He described standing next to a woman he was with at a county fair, who peed in her jeans waiting in line for the ladies’ room. He also told of a time he’d been heavy petting in the woods and the girl had said “I gotta pee,” and pulled down her panties and pissed in the dirt right in front of him. Both of those aroused him a lot and would have aroused me equally. He didn’t spell out any of his fantasies, but described them as consisting of a woman who desperately needs to pee and can’t find a toilet, and finally relieves herself in an unorthodox manner, either wetting herself or pissing in a trash can or a sink or a phone booth or whatever. He enjoys a normal sex life with his wife, who doesn’t even know of his fantasy. It is the only fantasy he ever uses when he masturbates.

Except for his NEVER fantasizing about anything else, he could be me.

Other stuff in the same chapter totally repulsed me. Being peed on. Wearing diapers. Having someone piss in your mouth. All of these turn me right off, as will anything to do with shit. That was another thing about the third man

I didn’t like. Sometimes his fantasy women also crapped in their pants. Not fun.

Friday’s analysis of these fantasies is that the man is “identifying with the oppressor”, creating a role reversal wherein he is no longer the little boy being toilet trained be a stern mother, but it is the woman who can’t contain herself, and he, instead of being stern, is loving and accepting the way he wanted Mom to be. And it is the woman saying yes where Mom forced him to say no.

Maybe. But my Mom was anything but stern. I was never scolded for wetting myself (except maybe by Mrs. T., the babysitter, and that only once). In fact, Mom was a wimp. Such a wimp that I feel (still) that I am more vulnerable through her weakness and pain than through my own. Thus my tendency to gravitate toward women who are very different—women who are tough and self-assured (and in M.’s case, a black belt in Tai Kwon Do).

Vulnerable through her. A more likely childhood trauma that could lie at the root of my fantasies would be Mom wetting her pants, and either being scolded in front of me (by Dad, by Grandma, who knows?) or just showing obvious humiliation. Or even just being too bloody embarrassed by the whole subject of grownups needing to go, so that it never got talked about and therefore became this big emotionally charged taboo subject. Like sex is in most families.

Before I started masturbating, the whole subject was one that I absolutely could not talk about, and could not listen to other people talking about. I remember once being in the room with my Grandmother and she had the radio on but wasn’t listening to it, was reading something instead, and it was a talk show where people call it, and the subject was pay toilets, and this woman called and complained about a time once when she had really had to go and hadn’t had a dime, and what are you supposed to do?...blah, blah, blah. Gran was completely unaware of the words coming from the radio, but I felt impaled...gripped by the stories which I found extremely unpleasant, but unable to leave or turn off the radio without saying why, and unable to explicitly admit the power that the subject had, because...well, just because. Gran is completely mellow about the subject. It’s Mom and Dad who have never ever have mentioned it that I can remember in my entire life.

When I did start masturbating, it’s like the subject turned inside out, and became a source of incredibly potent sexual obsession. But it remained impossible for me to talk about for a long time.

I’m better at it now. I can say to people “I have to pee!" and I can hear them say it without getting all weird. As long as there’s a toilet available (or woods, or whatever). But in situations where there’s a possibility of denial, then I feel very embarrassed to be looking for or asking for a bathroom. And if it’s somebody I’m with (especially if it’s a woman I’m with), then I feel very vulnerable and also embarrassed. In both cases it’s because I just don’t know what to do. I have no idea what the proper response is. I’ve reached the limit of my social skills.

My fantasies, like Melvin’s, rewrite history, but what is changed is that the women in my fantasies talk about their needs, and show their needs. In many of my fantasies, the woman does find a toilet before it’s too late. It’s more the need than the act that arouses me. The tension surrounding a subject that can’t be talked about.

Talking about my fantasies with B. has been immeasurably valuable. But I know when I start using words like “immeasurably” that I’m caught up with thoughts and ideas instead of feelings, and it’s time to stop writing.
