Deepika's College Life Ch. 07
	Deepika is a special guest at the local school meet.
Author: sin138

This is a continuation of the degradation of an NRI Deepika, while in India. To fully enjoy the story, read from "Deepika's college life, chapter 1-2." Whenever any character is not speaking in English, it will be in italics within the quotations. If it's just Italics alone, then it will be a phone message. Everyone involved in any sexual activity is at least 18 years old. Also I was not sure under what category this story should be in, as it contains a bit of exhibitionism, cum drinking, mild watersport and blackmail. I kept it in 'nonconsent and reluctance' to continue the theme. I hope you enjoy the story.

Chapter 6 -- Fun with the Seniors

After the Hotel

First sessionals went by. Some passed and some failed. Deepika was one of those who did not fare well. While upset with the news, many consoled her, pointing out that she's just not used to the system yet. The only thing that cheered her up was that her pregnancy test was negative. She started using birth control pills in case of any potential unprotected sex. Hridhya allowed her to keep the dildo from that day, as long she receives a video of Deepika using it. Months have passed by, and with the exceptions of a few dick pics from some unknown number, and contacts she swore she never met, things were quiet. She got to focus more on her work during for the second term, and working out. When the next sessionals arrived at the end of February, she felt she did significantly better. Even the gang did not bother that much. In fact, she found she was missing the thrill.

She remembered looking back, and finding it awful she ended up in this mess. After that night in the hotel, however she started to enjoy herself more. There were moments where the gang asked for a nude picture, in which she obliged, and some Saturdays, they will meet in the bar. She would lose most of her clothes there, and fool around with the patrons, but she also had fun doing so. They celebrated New Years with her having sex with the oldest customer at the bar, as the clock struck 12pm. She represented the New Year, and he represented the previous year. The gang took her clothes with them leaving her in the bar. She was made to stay over in the old man's house, which he shared with his sexually repressed friends. It was constant fucking from 70 year olds, until Sunday evening. Zakir gave left a pack of Viagra to the man for his pleasure. It was the one of the best nights she had.

Thankfully, she did not meet the super seniors, who she did not trust. She also felt weird among some of the other seniors, who seem to giggle when they say hi to her.

Eventually however, she got bored. It was always with the same gang, and the same people at the bar. However somehow, having sex became as stale as school. There was no risk, or a chance of getting judged. She had resorted to masturbating with the dildo, in the bathroom and with the doors unlocked. She did every morning, with Priya oblivious to the fact.

It was the month of Holi and the results finally came out. Nervously, she looked at the board, only to scream in joy, when she saw she passed. All the first years got into a festive mode as the colours were brought on. They all celebrated until lunch, where they then had the hard task of removing the colour from their clothes and skin. For Deepika however, this was the first time she had fun in a while. Nothing could ruin the day.

Bihari Meet

After she got rid of as much colour as she could, she went to the gym in the evening. She noticed some people glancing at the revealing outfit given by Zakir, on her first night of exploits. After the night at the hotel, she felt there was no problem in wearing the short shorts and the sports bra. Initially she felt a bit exposed, but after awhile, she not only got used to it, but enjoyed the attention she was receiving. Many men were acting really nice to her, and even helping her work out.

Her phone started beeping. It was a text from Amhit:

Hey

Weird thing, but my seniors want you at the bihari meet tonight

They're not gonna take no for an answer

i m waiting downstairs at the gym

Deepika:

r u sure?

I gotta shower and change

I don't even have a sari

Amhit:

1 person says ur dressed exactly how they wanted

and to leave your bag in the locker room

Deepika:

HOW DO THEY KNOW IM HERE??

OR WHAT IM WEARING???

Amhit:

I honestly don't know

Just come down plz

She reluctantly agreed, and started heading down to the entrance.

Deepika left the gym in her quite revealing clothes. Her shorts were as short as Harley Quinn's from the the movie, and she's only wearing a sports bra, not a shirt. Not much imagination was needed to see how she looked underneath. She had no pockets to keep her wallet and phone, so Amhit kept it with him. They hopped on the bike and drove to the event, leaving her clothes and bag in the gym.

They stopped at a big hotel there. It was part of the Taj chains. However, before they entered the hall, Anuj took her to the men's room.

"I can't go in here!!"

"Relax, I'm locking the door," he told her. He took her to the cubicle, and locked that door.

"What am I doing here?"

"Do you want to come to event smelling like sweat?" he asked, while taking the bidet spray out next to the toilet.

"No," she replied, with her head down.

He then turned it on, wetting the entire body. She shivered from the cold water. The only warmth came from Amit's hands rubbing all over her. He stopped in between to collect some soap form the dispenser and lather her body up, including her clothes. He then stuck his hands in her shorts to clean her nether region. Earlier, this would have felt heavenly, but now it is just a mild arousal. There were brief moments of increased pleasure, due to Amhit's experience, but enough to explode. What it did do however is make feel a bit horny.

"Alright I'm getting late myself," Amhit said. "The Hall is on the first floor, its Hall number three. Try to dry yourself with the hand dryer"

"You want me to come up like this?" she asked pointing at her wet and exposed body.

"We are all waiting for you," he replied without answering her question. He left the room, leaving her alone in the men's room. The bathroom is a lot fancier than shitty one at the bar, but it also means more judgemental looks, if she is caught.

Deepika struggled to dry herself with the dryer. While warm, the air flow was minimal. She finally dried up her exposed skin, leaving just the covered area. Her bra dried fairly quickly, and so did her shorts. The panties underneath however still felt wet. She pulled forward her shorts and panties, so they could get the full heat from the low blast drier. She even tried wiping it to quicken the process. She jumped as she heard the door open. A confused middle age man immediately left, thinking he was in the ladies room. He then came back, and tried not to look at the extremely hot teen. He left the moment he finished with his business. Deepika felt disappointed. Back in the sleazy bar, anyone who catches like this, would have at least face fucked her.

She finally left the bathroom, and walked up to the hall. Her batch mates greeted her at the entrance, and were stunned at the presence of their fellow classmate's attire. Almost everyone was wearing traditional outfits for the event. Men wore the Indian suits, and the women wore the traditional saris. The only exceptions were the interns and post grads, which were dressed for the hospital, and Deepika, who looked more like an Instagram whore. All the first years were shocked at Deepika's appearance. The seniors however were smiling. One of them even gave a blowjob and gesture at Deepika. The fact someone doing it did not shock her, but the fact that that person was a girl. She noticed most were snickering while also looking at some video on the phone. As uncomfortable as it made her felt, it also sparked something in her. Something she did not feel for months.

Some show was happening on the stage. Some of the first year students were singing some songs from the 60's. The audience however were all eyeing the girl with her exposed legs and naval. She then saw someone she recognized and sat next to him.

"Hey Rupesh," she greeted. "Umm,where is everyone else?"

"They're behind the stage getting ready to dance. I'm so gonna enjoy this," he laughed, while getting his phone ready.

As soon as the singers finished, the host started introducing everyone.

"The only annoying thing is I can't understand what they're saying," Rupesh mentioned. "Why did they invite us?"

"I have no idea. When did you find this out?"

"Few minutes back. I didn't even have time to change. Abhishek told me the seniors wanted you to come badly, so he called me. At first I thought it had to be the super seniors, but they got banned from these meets."

"What happened?"

"They tried to strip off some junior girls' saris few years back, while getting into fights with the guys. Turns out you're the first person to actually have sex with them."

Deepika bowed her head in shame at the reminder.

After the shows finished, the host called out Deepika's name. The surprised Deepika approached the stage. The host greeted Deepika.

"Hi. My name is Prerna. I hope you are having a good time." She then leaned towards Deepika ears and whispered, "We know."

"Know what?"

"Your time on the beach and Freshers," she replied. "All the interns and final years saw the videos. I'm the only 2nd year who saw it. You're probably not gonna like what's about to happen"

Her eyes widened. How many people know about this? Is it just the people from this event, or more? More important why was she called up now?

"Give us an intro," the host spoke. "You can do it in English."

"Uh... my name is Deepika," she stammered. "I'm from USA, and I..."

As she kept speaking, she noticed everyone was looking behind her. She was ordered not to look behind but continue on. First there were initial gasps, then random talking. The reactions differed amongst the boys and girls. The guys started to smile uncontrollably. Some of the girls were frowning at what they were seeing, but others were laughing. The gang, had horror in their eyes. Anuj was the only exception, who kept touching his crotch. He seemed to be enjoying it. This concerned the NRI further. She looked up and noticed that the projector was on.

After she finished Prerna told her to turn around. As she did, he body stiffened at what the projector was showing. It was a video of Deepika losing her virginity to the super-seniors in the bathroom. It ended soon after she turned around. The gangbang in the beach started to play. Deepika had too many emotions running through her. Anger at whoever sent this. Humiliation, since it was clear her status would have gone down. Finally arousal, as for some reason even her loins are reacting to the videos.

"Maam, how did you get these videos?"

"All the final years and Interns know about it," the host explained. "We knew that the 3 super-seniors managed to score with some first year girl, for the first time mind you. However the Mallu group got pissed when, one of their juniors name got involved, and they were willing to get the police involved. We had no problem getting rid of those guys, but the group warned that all the Biharis will get in trouble, just with association, so we promised to help so we all don't get in trouble. We demanded the three idiots to apologise to the girl, and tell us who they fucked. They gave us the videos, without hesitation. We gave it to the 1st year girl, explaining she can do whatever she wished with it. From what it looks like, she did not show it to anyone else. The super-seniors, however requested we play it today, and as much as we hate them, we can't say no."

"Great," Deepika sighed. "How did you get them kicked out of these events?"

"College got involved."

"Oh."

"They also requested something else," the host added. "It is really inappropriate, but it is up to you. I'll just say that you're probably not gonna like it."

"What is it?"

"You'll find out," Prerna mentioned. "Just so you know, if you say no, we will not argue with you."

As soon as the video finished, the host turned on the mike and started speaking in English.

"I hope you all enjoyed the show," she shouted, with a smile.

"As it turns out, Deepika is not from Bihar in origin-"

"Where is she from?"

"She doesn't know, but for some reason, many people believe she is. With the request of request of Aamir sir, Jitesh sir and Irfan sir, Deepika shall be an honorary Bihari. If that is the case, then those videos will just be between all of us. How does that sound?"

"Why shouldn't we show it to others,"one of the audience members shouted. "It's not like she hiding considering what she's wearing now?"

"Simple, there are rules to follow," the 2nd year host smiled. "Deepika, before I mention these rules, do you accept the position, so as not to have this sent to entire student body?"

Without hesitation, Deepika replied yes. This was the dumbest decision she made thus far, but somehow it feels right. As the host was speaking, her nether regions started to heat up. This ordeal is reminding her times months back.

"Time to have some fun," the host whispered. She then turned to the crowd, "She said yes!"

The audience cheered, while some still felt confused. The host began to speak again.

"Ok here are that this young slut will have to follow:

1.You must call everyone here, sir or maam, regardless of year they are. That includes any juniors the years after.

2.You will be our very own 'ragdoll.' That means you shall do whatever humiliating request we tell you.

3.To keep a track on you, you should take a picture of yourself 6am, 1pm, and 9pm and send to the numbers we shall give you. You should be fully nude in all of them, and smiling. If you miss a single photo, then the videos and any sent afterwards will be released online."

Deepika was struggling to not fondle herself from the words spoken. This was it. This was what was missing in the later months.

4."You will not speak, unless we give you permission.

5.Finally, you will not go back to the hostel tonight. Everyone here was given an extended curfew until 10:30. You were given a full night off, so you get to know us better. Hope you understand."

She knew exactly what the host meant, and agreed to everything.

The host then started speaking in Hindi to the small crowd.

"Now, just so you all know, we too have some rules, that we must follow. She doesn't have to know about it," She mentioned smiling.

"Here we go:

1.You can speak to her in any language, but any requests for her have to be told in English

2.It should not interfere with college times whatsoever

3.No one is to mention about tonight. If anyone asks why she is acting like an idiot, tell them she pissed off one of the interns, and is being punished.

4.Do not make her do your chores or homework, no matter how tempting that may be. The point is to make her do something no self respecting person would do in front of a camera.

And that is all!"

"One question,"one of the girls asked. "We all know what the boys would do with her, but what about us ladies? We really have no sexual interest with her."

"The rules do not mention anything sexual as such. If the men want to use her as a sex object they can. If the women want to use her for nonsexual purposes, such as making her jump on a table while screaming profanities for our own amusement, that is fine too."

"Doesn't sound fun."

"That's why the rules are really vague," the host said, with a grin. "As soon the first years leave, we can finally start her initiation.

More and more people are starting to warm up to the idea. Eventually they all cheered. All started to walk towards the food and started eating. Deepika got back to the gang, were talking about how crazy today was. Some of the fellow batch girls came, and ordered Deepika to eat without using her hands. One of the seniors stopped them, saying that she will become the ragdoll only after the initiation. Zakir, and the others assured her, that they won't share any pictures and videos of theirs, even with this happening. Deepika felt relieved that even with all of this, she had some people to rely on. Both Zakir and Anuj, stifled their laughter at her comment.

10:30pm -- Dance Off

Soon the party ended. All the first years left the hall, leaving Deepika alone with the seniors. Soon afterwards, the host gathered everyone around.

"Before we all leave, the initiation of Deepika shall commence! Since all the first years either danced or sang, she shall perform too. Deepika, you will have to dance among the crowd, because the stage is being closed down. Every time the DJ Changes the song, you are to strip one item of clothing."

"Like a stripper?" one of the people in the crowd asked.

"Not exactly," the host grinned. "Strippers have the no touching rule, and she doesn't. Plus, her clothes shall be given to any girl, who shall do what they please to it. They don't belong to her."

"Why are you telling this in English?

"Our ragdoll needs to know," the host laughed. "She will be given tequila shots, to make her more comfortable. One shot for each junior guest."

Eight freshers came to the event.

The first song was a remixed 'Dum Maaro Dum,' in which Deepika had the first tequila shot shoved in down her throat. She felt nervous at the thought of stripping in front of the seniors, but it also thrilled her. She started to dance rather awkwardly, but as soon she was given the 3rd shot, she started loosening up, along with her shorts. Someone started lowering them as she was dancing. Rather than panic or pull it up, she started moving her hips seductively, inviting the intruding senior to strip her.

The last few months felt stale, being stripped and used by the same people. Even the bar got boring, since it is almost always the same drunk men. This is a brand new crowd who have yet to see her nude in person. They may have promised to tell others, but the risk of exposure just increased. These are not even random old men, but her fellow students. Thus if they do tell others, it will be others from the student body.

She then noticed someone's hand slipped under her bra, as the song 'Pani Pani' started performing. She could feel someone's hard dick grinding against her behind, as her 4th shot was given. In response, she started shaking her ass against the hard on. Slowly a girl was lifting Deepika's bra off as she raised her hands, leaving her in just her panties and shoes.

She was pulled by another senior, who figured her state of undress was an invitation to start fingering her in front of everyone. By her 5th shot, she did not complain. By then 'Pink Lips' started playing, as Deepika grinded against the finger to the beat. She received her 6th shot, after she was shown making out with her dancer. She was then pulled away, by another guy, from her panty waist band. She felt some tug against the other side of her waist band, by her dance partner in an attempt to pull her back. Stuck in the middle, a third person stuck his hands in her underwear with one in the front and one in the back. A fourth person gave her the 7th shot, which she readily gulped. Then suddenly

SNAP!

Her panty snapped at the tension caused by the tugging. The one with the hand in her panty screamed in pain at the recoil. As he withdrew his hand, another man took Deepika and started dry humping her. Phones kept flashing at the sight. She did not care. Her last shot was given, as the pink lips song finished. The party finally finished. The senior girls left, leaving Deepika as the sole girl with a bunch of horny males. To make it worse, all her clothes were gone too.

