The Sleepwalker

Copyright 2018 Kaylee Kennicott

Ava had already said goodnight, gone into her room, and turned off the light when her bedroom door suddenly swung open. I paused my game and looked up from my reclining position on the couch.

“You okay, Ava?”

She was standing in the dark doorway. She didn’t say anything.

"Ava?”

Something looked strange about her; I couldn’t figure out what it was, but an uneasy feeling made me put down the game controller and swing my legs over to the floor. I crossed the room to her.

“Ava, what’s wrong?”

She stood there, swaying, wearing her little pink pajama shorts and a teal tank top. She had already taken off her bra to go to sleep, and I could see her nipples standing out through the bright fabric.

It was then that I realized she was asleep. She was sleep-walking.

###

Ava had moved in a couple of months ago, after my ex-girlfriend broke the lease to move in with her new guy.

I was scrambling to find someone who would take the second bedroom, which we had previously turned into an office. Monica cleared out her things, and I moved my desk back to my own room, and put an ad in the college newsletter for someone who wouldn’t mind moving in mid-way through the year.

Ava had immediately responded.

I liked her as soon as we met, and couldn’t deny that I was attracted to her — but while she was perfectly friendly, she had never made friendlier overtures than that. So I kept myself at a respectful distance, even though I missed Monica a lot and would have given anything to hold a warm, snuggly female at night.

Right now I did reach out to Ava, wondering if I should touch her, or shake her awake. But then I hesitated. It might be better to Google whether it was safe to wake a sleepwalking person before I tried anything.

With a nervous glance back over my shoulder, I went back to my spot on the couch, sitting in front of my laptop on the coffee table. I kept looking over at Ava, in case I needed to spring to her rescue or something. All she was doing was standing in the doorway.

Google told me that I could try steering her towards her bedroom and into bed, or make loud noises from a distance, but that I shouldn't try to shake her awake — when I looked up again, she was gone.

“Ava!” I shouted, springing to my feet.

I heard her shuffling down the hallway so I quickly followed; she was walking straight ahead into the bathroom. Was it possible for sleeping people to take showers? What if she slipped and drowned and never woke up?

I was hovering right behind her shoulder, trying to think of how best to touch her or hold her gently so that I could coax her to turn around and go back to her own room, but she kept moving into the bathroom.

As I watched, she turned towards me and sat down on the toilet seat.

“Ava?” I asked with uncertainty.

A little sigh escaped her and then I heard a tinkling sound. I froze.

She was peeing right there: still asleep, still wearing her little pink pajama shorts. I could see the fabric rapidly turning from pale pink to a dark magenta over her crotch, and it was spreading, creeping outward.

I could see the forceful stream where it gushed out through the cloth, and squirted around the edge of her little shorts.

She was still sighing. Urine pattered into the toilet bowl, dispersed by the presence of her clothing.

Her cheeks were a little flushed with sleep. My cheeks were a little flushed with sudden, unexpected arousal.

Something about seeing this lovely young woman relieve herself in front of me, letting down all personal guards and shields to be so vulnerable, made me swell in the front of my pants.

Now I was a little worried about waking her. What if she came to and found us together, her panties soaked with urine? She might be scared, or embarrassed, or angry.

As I watched, she stood up, flushed the toilet, washed her hands without turning on the tap, and shuffled back to her room.

She left the door open and I followed her all the way to the doorway. Without hesitating, Ava stopped in front of the bed, peeled off her wet underwear, left them on the floor, and crawled, bare-assed, into her bed. Presumably, she fell back into a deep sleep.

I was astounded. I had never seen anything like that. Ava had been living here for two or three months, but in that time nothing like this had happened. Was this typical behavior for her? A one-time thing? I couldn’t deny that a part of me really wanted to see that again...

###

Ava didn’t mention it the next morning, and I didn’t say anything to her; I don’t know if she noticed that I was a little shifty at the breakfast table.

I couldn’t stop thinking about the previous night. When I went to bed, I lay awake staring at the ceiling until I finally jerked off thinking about Ava squatting over the toilet, peeing in her sleep.

There wasn’t a repeat incident that night, or the next one. In fact, it was several days later, and I was in my room on my laptop searching for videos of girls pissing, when I heard Ava’s bedroom door open.

Immediately I burst out of my chair and opened the door to the hallway.

“Ava? Ava?” I called. She didn’t respond.

I circled her to look at her face; she was definitely asleep, although her eyes were half-open.

My cock stiffened at the thought that I might witness her urinating again.

But she wasn’t moving towards the bathroom this time; actually, she had turned around and was going toward the opposite end of the hallway, towards the door to the linen closet.

I followed curiously.

As I watched, Ava pulled open the door to the linen closet, turned around, pulled her pajama shorts (a blue pair, this time) down to her ankles - revealing a dark, curly nest of pubic hair - and sat down on top of a stack of clean, folded towels. I could see her pussy touching the plush fabric.

This time, I was so close — and she was nude from the waist down — so that I had a perfect view of her slit when she started urinating, hissing out a stream that soaked into the towel below it, gushing like a little waterfall between her legs.

Oh my god.

She relaxed visibly as she peed forcefully, and a little moan escaped from her throat.

I was rubbing myself through my pants as I watched, but all the while I felt nervous that she might wake up any moment and see me standing in front of her...I wanted to take my cock out and really beat myself off, but I didn’t want her to catch me.

So I just hovered nervously nearby, trying to get a clear line of sight to view her gushing pussy, but not so close that I couldn’t duck out of sight at a moment’s notice.

When she had finished, Ava stood up, pulled her shorts on, and headed back to her room.

I watched her climb into bed and then turned back to the linen closet to survey the damage; the top towel was completely drenched, and several others below it had soaked up her piss, but some at the bottom were still clean and dry. The wet towels made spongy sounds when I picked them up to carry to the laundry room. She had released a lot of liquid.

Before I ran the wash cycle, however, I closed and locked the door to the laundry room and stood over the machine, cock in hand. My imagination combined the reality of what I had just seen with my current setting: I imagined Ava straddling the top-opening laundry machine and pissing down onto the towels she had already soaked.

I stroked myself slowly, then faster and faster, and finally drizzled my seed all over the top of the drenched towels. Now they were ready to be washed.

I didn’t mind waiting for the laundry cycle to finish; it gave me enough time to go back to my room, look at more videos, and masturbate twice more.

Ever since Monica had left, I was pretty depressed; even sexual satisfaction came tinged with melancholy, when it was just me and my hand. But now it was tinged with excitement, pleasure, and novelty...I was hornier than I had been in months.

Before I went to bed, I folded the towels and carefully placed them back on top of the stack. Ava wouldn’t even be able to notice that anything had happened. Partly, I wanted to avoid her inevitable embarrassment; but I also wanted her to keep doing what she was doing, without intervention.

I spent every night at home that week, not accepting invitations out; I wanted to be there in case Ava repeated the events of the other nights.

Most nights, she went to bed before me, and I was left out in the living room watching Netflix on low volume or playing video games. Even when she didn’t leave her room, I felt the excitement and anticipation of just waiting for her all night. I didn’t feel disappointed when she didn’t show: just hopeful that she might emerge the next night.

Until a full week passed, with no sign of her.

I was in the kitchen fixing myself a late-night snack when she suddenly ambled in.

“Ava?” I said, surprised.

She didn’t respond.

With growing excitement, I drew near her and saw that was sleep-walking again.

Ava walked forward. I thought she was heading for the fridge, but then she stooped down in one corner of the room, pulling down her panties. I realized that she was about to squat over the recycling bin.

Immediately I crossed the room to her, just in time to see the first spray flicker and emerge at full power, straight down into the recycling bin. Her piss pinged against the metal cans and glass bottles. It seeped into the paper and cardboard, leaving dark patches.

I wondered what part of her asleep brain was telling her that these things were all toilets she could pee into; but also I didn’t care, because it thrilled me to see her relieve herself all over the house.

After she had emptied her bladder into the recycling bin, she ambled back to her room; it was a good thing it was the end of the week, so I could empty the bin right into the trash cans on the curb and rinse it out with the hose outside. I was getting quite used to cleaning up after one of Ava’s episodes — and I certainly didn’t mind doing it.

At this rate, I thought it might be another week before she repeated her sleep-walking behavior, so it was entirely surprising to me when the events of the next night unfolded.

Ava had retired to her bedroom several hours previously, and I had (almost) given up hope of seeing her. I was spending evenings at home in this state of arousal and anticipation, dreaming about all the pissing she had done in front of me, and imagining what more she might do.

I was so fucking horny on this night that I nearly took a cold shower, but decided that a warm soak in the bathtub might be the relaxing aid I needed.

Since Ava was already asleep, I left the bathroom door open - I was half-hoping she would wander in to use the toilet when I was here to witness it, but I didn’t expect her to.

I didn’t hear her bedroom door open at first, because I had submerged my head underwater. But when I resurfaced, dripping water down my neck, I heard her shuffling down the hallway. I froze.

Ava did indeed enter the bathroom, and paid me no mind; that’s how I knew initially that she was asleep.

I half-raised myself out of the warm soapy water. I was completely naked, of course, but Ava wouldn’t notice or care in her current state. I watched with interest, expecting her to walk across the floor to the toilet. I had a perfect view here to be able to see her perched on the toilet seat...

But to my incredible surprise, she walked right past the toilet and came right up to me. I looked up into her face; her eyes were open, but glazed over in that way that meant she was sleepwalking.

Ava turned around, away from me. I relaxed a little, expecting her to move away again. But instead, she tugged down her little shorts. I could see her firm, round ass hovering above me, and then she sat on the edge of the bathtub.

She wasn’t perched right on the edge, but scooted backward; her thighs were pressed against the cold rim of the tub. It was the perfect position, I realized with sudden excitement, for her to relieve herself directly into the bathtub, which was currently full of warm, soapy water...and me.

I had a perfect angle to see the way the rim of the tub pressed into her legs, and the way it squeezed her pussy lips together plumply — I waited with bated breath, watching her slit intently, for what I was sure would come next.

A little trickle slipped out from her cunt, streamed along her thigh, and pattered down to the water below; then she started gushing.

Ava moaned a little. She spread her feet wider, to get better traction on the bathroom floor, as she leaned forward. When she leaned forward, though, it changed the angle of her spray.

Instead of peeing straight down into the water at the side of the tub, she directed it behind her - it sprayed further into the middle of the bathtub, and struck the bathwater right around my naked lap.

I could actually feel her piss churning the water above my crotch, and the feeling of the water moving was like a silken touch on my cock. I was already hard, and my erection strained to break the surface of the water.

Lifting my hips just slightly brought me a few inches out of the water, and now Ava’s pee was hitting me directly: hot, yellow piss lashed and bathed my hard-on as she peed thunderously.

I watched, mesmerized, unable to tear my gaze away from the arc of Ava’s stream as it exited her body and rained on my own. Slowly, her flow ebbed away until she finally gave a little shudder of relief as the last few drops sprinkled the bathwater.

Then, as if nothing had happened, she stood up, pulled on her shorts, and exited the bathroom.

I stayed in the bath for another twenty minutes, relishing the warmth, the hot-girl-piss smell, reliving the glorious feeling of having my cock bathed in her pee.

There, I masturbated until I was wrung-out: when I got out of the tub, my balls felt as shriveled as the pads on my fingertips.

###

Ava seemed to have no idea that she was engaging in nighttime wanderings. She didn’t treat me any differently, and acted without a hint of selfconsciousness. If anything, that made the whole situation hotter.

I still feared that she might wake up mid-way through and realize what she was doing, but I also grew emboldened with each episode that she stayed unconscious and unaware.

I was starting to fantasize about Ava waking up in the middle of the night, coming into my room, sitting on my lap, and pissing all over me; however, despite wandering into the kitchen, the bathroom, and the linen closet to pee in the middle of the night, she never came into my room.

I was sitting in the living room one night when she emerged and walked past me to the kitchen. I followed, of course — I knew she was about to piss in our apartment again.

It seemed like every time she sleep-walked, she chose a new and different place to piss. This time, she straddled one of the bar-stools at the kitchen counter. Her pussy was pressed flush against the round wooden seat. When she pissed, it squirted out wildly, hampered by the obstruction.

Suddenly inspired, I sank to my knees in front of her; like an erratic showerhead, she sprayed me.

Ava relieved herself utterly, leaving the stool, the floor, and me dripping with her fluids before returning serenely to bed. I cleaned that up too, but only after I beat off over the mess.

It was weird to admit, but I felt like I was living for these experiences. My melancholy over losing Monica was entirely gone, replaced by this new feeling of electricity. During the day, Ava and I could have pleasant conversations about work and school, but at night I was watching her gush, inviting her piss, and trying to fabricate strategies for her to piss directly on me.

Perhaps her subconscious brain knew what was happening all along: but the Ava I spoke to during daylight hours had no idea what she was doing at night.

For the whole next week, I was on high alert in the evenings. I had a new plan. I just had to wait for Ava to emerge from her bedroom.

I was rewarded after several days when she did indeed totter out of her room; I leapt to my feet before she could continue down the hallway.

Using the advice I had gleaned from Google about how to deal with sleep-walkers, I took her gently by the shoulders and turned her around, facing her towards the living room. Unfazed, she continued on the new course.

I guided Ava into the living room until we had reached the large armchair. Upon this, I had already laid a towel in the seat.

I sat down in the chair and let go of Ava, hoping and wondering whether she would react in the way I desired.

I didn’t have to wonder for very long. I faced her forward, so that she only had to sit back onto my knees; but instead, she turned around and faced me directly.

Then she climbed right onto my lap, straddling my hips.

For a moment, her eyes seemed to clear, and she distinctly said my name. I froze, heart pounding. She still seemed to be asleep; but she had a moment of cognition and clarity when she looked at me. I was still tense until I felt my lap get warm.

I looked down; Ava had already started peeing, relaxing as entirely as if she really was sitting over the toilet and not on my lap. She was still wearing her pajama shorts, which now were dark and damp over the crotch.

There were only two layers of fabric separating my straining-hard cock from her sopping-wet pussy, and both of those layers were plastered to our skin.

I could feel her plump pussy lips resting against the meat of my cock, but I was focusing intently on the sensation of that warm fluid gushing out of her.

Ava sighed my name again, but instead of scaring me, the sound made the hair on my neck stand on end with excitement and arousal. To have this lovely, delicate creature straddling me, pissing all over my lap, sighing my name...I couldn’t resist a little furtive grind against her.

I wanted to grab her by the hips, peel the wet fabric away, and thrust myself into her damp, tight hole - but that would certainly wake her up, if nothing else did.

After she had emptied herself, Ava climbed off my lap and headed back to her room like nothing had happened. I stayed in the armchair with a wet lap to stroke myself, imagining I was entering my roommate, that she was bouncing on my cock, pissing the whole time.

I slept very well that night.

###

In the morning, I hailed Ava cheerfully from the kitchen when she came out to fix a bowl of cereal.

“You’re in a good mood,” she commented, looking me over. Something about the way her gaze lingered on me felt uncomfortable, but also...warm.

“It’s a nice day,” I said, gesturing vaguely to the outdoors, which was totally irrelevant as I had spent all morning inside, masturbating to the memory of last night.

“Uh huh,” she said, and smiled at me, but something felt distant about her expression.

“Did you sleep well?” I asked.

“Hm. Kinda. I had a weird dream, actually,” she said, shaking her head as if it would help clear it.

My heart was in my throat. “What kind of weird dream?”

“Ahh, nothing worth repeating,” she said, then paused. “You were in it, though.”

Before I could react, she scooped her cereal bowl off the counter and carried it off to her room.

“Anyway, I should go get ready. Have a good day in class!”

“Thanks. You, too,” I said, but I felt nervous all of a sudden. Was it possible that she really had woken up briefly last night? Did she remember sitting on my lap, and...all the rest?

I spent an anxious, slightly miserable day in classes, paying no attention to the professors and thinking instead of the ramifications of everything I had done. What if she remembered everything that happened?

Instead of letting herself be embarrassed, she might take her anger and discomfort out on me. I had taken advantage of her situation - maybe she would feel like I had crossed a serious boundary. Maybe she would be disgusted, or weirded out, by my enjoyment. She might move out. Maybe she would report me to the college hearing board.

I was nervous about running into her at home, but I didn’t see her all evening. She finally staggered in close to midnight, carrying a huge stack of textbooks, and collapsed on the couch next to me.

“I’m exhausted,” she moaned. “I’m so sleep deprived from this research paper I’ve been working on recently, and now I just learned that I have to redo something I spent the last few weeks on. It’s so discouraging.”

“That won’t do,” I said. “You should go rest.”

She gave me a miserable expression. “I wish I had the time for that.”

“You do,” I said, giving her a little nudge. “You won’t have the energy to write anything if you don’t give your brain a chance to turn itself off. I mean, what would you do if you fell asleep in class?”

I was struck by the sudden image of Ava’s sleeping form at a desk, and the stream falling from the chair seat to the floor as she pissed forcefully...

She chuckled. “You’re right. Bad things happen when I get sleep deprived. Like, when I was little, I used to sleep walk! Isn’t that crazy?”

“Whoa,” I said. “I, uh...I’ve never known a sleepwalking person before. Do you still do it?”

She shook her head. “Not for years. It was pretty awkward when it used to happen.” She pulled a face, and a thrill ran through my body. The idea of Ava wandering around, all her life, pissing in inappropriate places...

“Hah, yeah,” I said. “I can imagine. How did...how did you find out that you sleepwalk? Did your parents see it? Do you ever...remember what you did?”

She shook her head. “I don’t really remember it, but sometimes I’ll get little flashes, or images that seem familiar and yet unfamiliar at the same time. We only found out when I was little because my parents caught me.”

“Interesting,” I said. “Well...why don’t you go sleep? You can come back to the research essay when you’re fresh and rested.”

“You’re right,” Ava sighed, swinging her legs around to stand up from the couch. “I’ll do that. Thanks.”

She went into her own room and closed the door, and I expected not to see her again that evening. It was the weekend, so I didn’t mind staying up late to finish binge-watching the latest season of a favorite series which had just been added to an online streaming service.

As it turned out, I was more tired than I realized; I fell asleep on the couch in the middle of an episode.

And when I woke up again, the room was dark, but I was warm and comfortable. Something was tickling my nose. My arms felt heavy. I was pressed against-

Suddenly I was fully awake. Ava was in my arms. Sweet slumbering Ava. She must have crawled onto the couch to snuggle with me in her sleep, and in my sleep I responded, opening my arms to her, spooning against her backside. Her hair brushed against my face.

I made a surreptitious check downward — nothing was wet or damp. So...what had happened?

Holy hell, her hair smelled nice.

I relaxed my hold on her and Ava shifted, making a little sleep-noise. She turned around in my arms and snuggled closer, breathing against my chest. Her hair fluttered when she breathed, and I gently hooked the strand and tucked it out of the way.

She was lovely when she slept: proper sleeping, not that eyes-open-but-glazed-over look that she typically had when she was sleep walking. Her body was warm, and full, and womanly. I could have groaned with want for her, if I hadn’t feared it would wake her up.

I held her to my chest - my own emotions ran deep - and though I felt like I could stay up all night with such electricity running through me, I slipped back into sleep.

###

In the morning, she was gone. I woke up alone on the couch, left wondering if she had sleep-walked to me and back, or if she had woken up with me, or if she had any memory of the event at all...

Ava was her typical cheerful self when she came home from classes, and didn’t mention anything to me, so I didn’t vocalize anything on my own mind. But...I wanted her to remember. I wanted more. I wanted her to do the same things again, consciously and willingly.

It was a couple more days until the next sleepwalking incident, but this time I was in the living room again, and awake, when Ava shuffled out. I watched her with interest, wondering what she would choose to relieve herself on this time: one of the many plush seats? The bookshelves?

I was not prepared for Ava to cross directly to the front door, unlock the deadbolt with a deft twist of her thumb, yank the door open, and step out into the hallway.

“Ava!” I shouted.

This was bad.

It was one issue if she was regularly sleep walking around our apartment, but leaving it? We were on the second floor in a unit of apartment buildings which was connected to the heavily- trafficked thoroughfare of our university. There were dangerous elements outside — far more dangerous than making a small mess on some towels.

So I raced out the door behind her, shirtless, wearing only my own pajama pants.

“Ava!” I yelled, and kept yelling, because Google said to use loud noises to wake up a sleep walking person. “Ava! Ava! Ava! Ava!”

I clapped my hands together and stomped on the ground and did all this while I was trying to run to her, to catch up before she reached the stairwell. She was just putting her foot on the top step when I grabbed her and pulled her gently away, steering her back towards the apartment.

“Ava,” I said, at a little lower volume since I was standing right next to her. “Ava, wake up, sweetheart.”

We were nearly at the apartment door when she made a weird movement, staggered a little, and pulled herself upright in my arms. Then she looked at me.

“What...what are you doing here?”

Then she looked around and realized where we were. “Oh no. Oh no no no.”

Her eyes were deep green and they looked into mine pleadingly. “I was sleepwalking, wasn’t I?”

“A little bit, yeah,” I admitted. “It wouldn’t be a problem, except...you walked out the front door and I didn’t want you to get hurt.”

“Oh no!" she moaned. “Oh, this is terrible. What am I going to do?”

I steered her inside and to the couch, where she sunk down into the cushions and cried a bit, and I rubbed her back and told her that it was okay, that everything would be okay. I held her until she tired herself out and fell asleep in my arms, and the two of us lay wrapped up together on the couch all night.

In the morning, she was apologetic and embarrassed, not to mention discouraged to be confronting a problem she thought she had outgrown. Nothing I could think of to say to her could communicate how much I cared about her, and how little I cared about her “problem.”

But seeing how distraught she was made me realize that she did need to seek help; I didn’t want these nighttime wanderings to stop, for selfish reasons, but I also couldn’t always be home to supervise or protect her. What if I had been asleep, and she wandered outside into the street? If I truly cared about her, I needed to do more than I was doing.

Ava stayed home and skipped her classes that day, and I only had one lab which was canceled, so I was able to stay home and keep an eye on her.

Mostly, she stayed in her room, but close to dinner time she emerged again and came straight to me in the kitchen.

“I think,” she said, biting her lip, “as my roommate, perhaps we should have a serious conversation about this sleepwalking issue.”

“Okay,” I said. “Sure. No problem. Would you like to talk over dinner?”

I indicated the box of uncooked pasta and assorted ingredients I had picked up for myself. “I could make enough for both of us.”

She gratefully accepted, and rolled up her sleeves to work alongside me, and both of us found that it was easier to talk while we worked.

She explained a little bit about her situation - the nighttime wanderings when she was a little girl, being discovered by her parents and then being scolded by them — though she didn’t explain what it was exactly that she did during these sleepwalking incidents, only that they were inconvenient and highly embarrassing. Meanwhile, I was trying not to give clear signs that I was aroused from listening to her story.

Then, as a teenager, the incidents started up again, but only during periods of great stress, which didn’t help her anxiety. She stopped accepting sleepover invitations from friends for fear that she might embarrass herself. She isolated herself.

Her parents didn’t understand how to give her the help she needed, thinking that scolding her would correct her behavior. All of it served to further convince her that she was a problem, a burden, an embarrassment.

Hearing her talk openly about this, though she couldn’t meet my eyes when she did, further convinced me that I needed to set aside my own selfish desires and encourage her to get the help she needed. It was obvious that living with this burden gave her a lot of suffering: that fact really pained me, because I wished she could see her own beauty and appeal like I did.

“I’m really scared,” she said finally. Tm scared of what I might do. I’m scared this might impact the friendship between us.” She looked up at me. “I care about you, I really do. And I don’t want to scare you off because of this...weirdness.”

I assured her that she wouldn’t be scaring me off - if only she knew — when I suddenly had an idea. “I totally understand if you aren’t comfortable with this idea, but...what if I slept in your room to keep an eye on you?”

She mused and I hastily continued, “Like, on the floor or something - I’d give you all the space you need - but if you had to step over me to get to the door, I could definitely wake up and stop you from doing anything regretful.”

She was still thinking, and I kept talking nervously. “Not that I couldn’t help from some other area of the house, but I just thought that I might not wake up in time if I was in my bedroom or the living room, and

“You’re truly willing to do that for me?” she asked. “Of course,” I said, astounded that was the first question she asked. “You’re clearly very upset about this, and I’m a little shaken too because I just watched you walk out the front door like nothing was wrong. Honestly,” I added, struck by a sudden thought, the tiniest white lie. “If you hadn’t clued me in to the fact that you were a sleepwalker, I might not have noticed that you weren’t awake.”

“It would...it would make me feel a little safer if you did,” she said, looking up at me. She looked so gosh darn cute and vulnerable right now. “I think it would be good to have someone keeping an eye on me, for my own good. You...you promise to wake me before I do anything embarrassing?”

“Oh! do my best,” I assured her.

###

That night, being in her room, smelling her scent and hearing her breathing nearby, I couldn’t sleep. I felt tremulous and excited just knowing that she was near enough to touch.

I was wrapped up in such fantasies of what she might do that I almost missed it when she did sit upright and scoot to the edge of the bed. For a second, I actually thought she was awake.

“Ava?” I asked softly.

She pulled down her pajama pants, taking her panties off with them.

Um. Well. I looked to the door and confirmed that it was indeed still locked. I would definitely stop her from moving outside this room, but as for now...I didn’t want to wake her up and make her feel embarrassed and exposed. How alarming would it be to wake up in your roommate’s arms and realize you aren’t wearing underwear?

She stood up, and I waited expectantly, thinking that she would step over me and perhaps find some little corner of her room to relieve herself in. But instead she stood next to me, swaying slightly. She was just a dimly lit figure (albeit, a shapely one) in a shadowy room where the only light came from the streetlamps outside.

After a few moments, she crouched down. Every time I encountered her in this state, I kept wondering whether or not she was awake or asleep, awake or asleep — when she crouched, I thought for a moment that she was awake, and meant to whisper something in my ear.

But then she straddled my face.

How to explain the mixture of excitement and arousal which swelled at that moment? I could feel her pubic hair tickling my nose and cheeks; her pussy left damp tracks on my skin; I could have easily tongue-fucked her without moving any other muscle.

In fact, the desire to thrust out my tongue and lick her from root to clit was strong - my mouth was a little open already when she started pissing into it.

Oh my god. In all my wildest imaginings, this was the one thing I hadn’t considered.

I gulped her down: she tasted hot, and salty, and tangy. Pee kept streaming into my open mouth. I was drinking deeply, and wanting this feeling to never end. I could feel her thighs, clamped on either side of my head, trembling slightly while she gushed.

I felt bereft as soon as her stream dwindled and died. I could have happily rested between her thighs, drinking from her, for hours. Too quickly, she stood back up and crawled into bed.

I did eventually fall asleep...but only after I rubbed myself through my pants, reliving in my imagination the glorious moment when she squatted over my open mouth and relieved herself into it.

When I woke in the morning, the first thing that swam into view was Ava’s face, frowning. She was in bed, looking at something I couldn’t see. When I sat up, she shrieked a little with surprise and threw the blanket over herself protectively.

“Did I...did I do anything weird last night?” she asked.

Oh shit. I forgot that she had also taken off her panties, and probably never put them back on.

“Er...I don’t think you sleepwalked, if that’s what you’re asking. You didn’t leave the room.” I got up and opened the door, showing her how it was locked, and that the penny I had wedged in the doorjam hadn’t fallen down.

“Nothing else?” she asked.

I thought quickly. What if she suspected I had taken her clothing off her in a vulnerable moment? “You were thrashing around in bed at one point, but nothing out of the ordinary.”

“That must be it,” she muttered. “Weird, but...okay.”

I excused myself to go use the bathroom so she could compose herself - and was marveling at the force and duration of my morning piss when I remembered that I was urinating for two, since I had drunk Ava’s fluids...

I had to palm my cock to keep it from rising as I pissed.

It was the middle of the week, so we both had classes to attend, but I knew Ava’s big assignment - the one she had been stressing about for weeks — was due that day, so on my way home I stopped by the supermarket — and the liquor store — for some supplies.

When she came home, dinner was ready for both of us, along with some of her favorite imported beer.

“You didn’t have to do this,” she said, eyes wide, when she got inside and saw the dining table set.

“I wanted to,” I said. “I know you’ve been really stressed recently, but I want you to know that...” I paused. “I’m really glad you moved in. My life has been enriched from having you around. And

I want you to know that I care about you and support you, even when you’re stressed, or feeling awkward or embarrassed. I...I like you, and I have no reason to judge you. So, I guess I want to be there to celebrate your victories with you, too — not just to deal with ‘issues.’”

She smiled at me genuinely and brushed away wetness at the corner of her eyes. “I really appreciate it. Really, truly. Honestly, I think moving in with you was the best thing for me, too.”

I offered her a beer, and she took it, and we clinked glasses. “Cheers,” she said, still smiling.

I felt like I learned more about Ava that night than the whole last few months we had spent together. With the dinner, and the end of her research paper, and the alcohol, she was relaxed and happy all night. Some evenings feel enchanted, like a spell has been cast over them. This was one of them.

Her sparkling eyes and throaty laugh made me forget that there had ever been a girl who broke my heart just a few short months ago.

At night, I timidly renewed my offer to sleep on her floor - but she smiled at me and led me into her bed. Just to snuggle: we didn’t have sex, or even kiss. But we held each other contentedly and as I fell deliciously asleep with warm girl in my arms, I had the thought that I didn’t need anything but this.

Hours later, I felt the displacement of weight when she got out of bed, and it was that shift which woke me. Her dark figure was near the door when I sat up.

“Ava?” I asked, blinking away sleep and following her out into the hall.

She returned to the linen closet this time. Felt like deja vu, except that something was different.

Something inside me was different.

I was undeniably excited to see her turn around, sit down, and let loose all over the stack of towels.

I watched her stream seep into the thirsty fabric. I felt a little pleasurable chill up the spine, reaching all the way to my ears.

But when she was finished, I said her name quietly. “Ava. Ava. Ava, wake up.”

I took her by the forearms and, crouching there in the hallway, tried to wake her up with only my voice. I could feel something in her body shift when she rose to consciousness: her muscles tightened, moved differently. She looked at me, confused.

“Ava, I have to tell you something,” I said gently.

Her eyes looked fearful; she looked down, at herself; then she started to struggle, pulling her arms away. “What...”

“Please don’t be embarrassed, Ava,” I said.

“Oh noooo,” she wailed. “I did it, didn’t I? You didn’t stop me!”

She buried her face in her hands and burst into tears.

“Ava,” I said; my own heart felt wrung-out at her tears, and the unnecessary suffering she was putting herself through. “Ava, please don’t cry. You didn’t do anything wrong, Ava. I understand. I truly understand.”

“You don’t understand at all,” she sobbed. “Oh no, oh no...”

“Ava!” I said, loud enough that she stopped momentarily in surprise. “The truth is, Ava...the truth is...I know this makes you feel really embarrassed, but I wish it wouldn’t. The truth is, I...” I gulped. “You did this thing, and I really enjoyed it. I didn’t mean to watch, but I did, and ...fuck, Ava, you’re so sexy and gorgeous and I wish that you could see yourself the way I do.”

Her expression changed suddenly. I kept going persistently, trying not to look at her and to look at her at the same time. “I know this might be weird to you, but I want you to get better. I want you to stop sleepwalking. Not so that you’ll stop doing this, but maybe so that...” I took a deep breath. “You could share it with me, instead. Deliberately. In a way we could both enjoy.”

Her hands were still in front of her mouth, but she wasn’t crying anymore.

“What...what do you mean?” she asked tremulously.

“Ava...” I whispered. “I know your parents scolded you, probably shamed you, when you used to do this. But there’s no cause for shame.”

She blinked at me, and a tear slipped down her cheek. “No one has ever told me that before.”

I collected her in my arms and held her tightly, and slowly the rest of her story emerged. Yes, she did wander around as a young girl, sleepwalking, leaving puddles whenever she did. Her parents were compassionate at first, but they quickly grew impatient with this “display of immaturity” and threatened her with punishment unless she “grew up.”

“When it started again, as a teenager, there was...more to it,” she confessed. “The thought of wetting myself, or of going somewhere I shouldn’t, started to excite me. But...”

But it also was accompanied by a hefty dose of shame, not only for her “weakness” but for the enjoyment she took in it.

“I was so scared to confess to my parents when the sleepwalking started happening again,” she said, shaking her head. “I really isolated myself. I locked my bedroom door at night. I bought diapers and tried to hide the problem. But, of course, they eventually found out. I can’t control myself rationally when I’m sleepwalking, and I made a mistake, and they discovered me.”

All the time she spoke, I held her in my arms and stroked her hair. At that point, clinging to each other in the dark hallway, both of us had forgotten that she was half-naked.

“Truthfully, I think this happens when I sleep because...1 was so ashamed, and I was repressing these urges. But repressing it hasn’t helped - quite the opposite. It just makes me more likely to act in ways I can’t control, when I’m stressed and sleep-walking.”

“So you mean,” I asked her, “all that stuff you’ve been doing the last few weeks was stuff you wanted to do? Only, your subconscious was in control instead of your conscious brain?”

She turned around and peered at me. “Hold on. What stuff? Weeks?"

“Ummm...”

“How long has this been going on, exactly?” she said, with a hard edge to her voice.

“I’m sorry!" I said, hanging my head. “I need to confess something.”

She scooted back, putting a bit of distance between us, so she could look at my face. Now it was my turn to be embarrassed.

“So...I’m really sorry,” I started gingerly. “I should have told you a lot sooner. But...I also think that it was good timing, for this to come out when it did, because we couldn’t have had this conversation a couple of weeks ago.”

“Okay...”

“You’ve been sleepwalking once or twice a week for nearly two months,” I said, trying to get it out quickly.

Despite the darkness, I could see how wide her eyes grew.

“What...did I do?”

“Um. Probably what you would expect, given your history.”

“And you...caught me doing this?”

“A couple of times, yeah.” I admitted. “Probably didn’t notice every time.”

“And you never told me?"

“Well...you were really stressed, and upset, and I thought finding out might upset you more, and...” I looked at her, and her big eyes, and the rest came out in a rush, “honestly I didn’t want you to stop, because fuck, it was so hot to see you do that, but I don’t want you to suffer either, which is why...which is why I want to help you.”

“How come I never knew what was happening?” she frowned.

“Ehh...I did a pretty good job of destroying the evidence/’ I said. I wasn’t expecting her to laugh — but she did.

“Tell me what I did/’ she said, when she had stopped laughing, and because her voice sounded bright and amused, I felt it was safe to tell her.

So I recounted the story of how I first witnessed her on the toilet; then the first time she soiled the towels in the linen closet; the incident in the bathtub; I even told her, blushingly, about how I maneuvered her to the chair and she sat on my lap and pissed on me.

The more I talked, the closer Ava crept to me, until she was back in my arms. There could be no doubt that I wasn’t sincere about how much she affected me: my hard-on was pressing into her back.

Then I told her about how I woke up to find her snuggling with me on the couch, and she said quietly, “that explains a lot.”

“You remembered that?”

“I woke up with you,” she said. “And I was confused. Obviously I didn’t remember lying down with you. But...I felt so comfortable, and safe, and happy...it was so strange. It felt like we had a history together, even though I didn’t remember anything happening. Now it makes sense. My subconscious knew about the experiences we shared. That’s why it felt so...right.”

She looked up at my face. “Everything about this feels right. And healing. And...I still can’t believe that you want the same things I want.”

I looked down at her. It felt like the right moment to kiss her, so I did.

Her lips were warm and soft. I brushed my thumb along her chin and held her tenderly until, after several minutes had passed, she pulled back.

“Is there more?”

So, I told her about how scared I was when she sleepwalked out of the apartment; and finally, confessed what she had done the other night when I slept in her room: the time when she squatted over me and pissed into my open mouth.

For a moment, she clapped her hands to her face with a horrified expression, but her eyes looked over my own blushing face searchingly, and slowly the hands came down.

“I am so sorry!" she said, but I waved her apology away. “You don’t need to do that. Don’t you realize...don’t you see how much I loved every minute of it?”

“I do,” she said, looking intensely at me again. “I feel like...my own embarrassment is melting away in the face of your...”

She glanced down at my erection.

“I think you are so sexy, and so hot,” I mumbled into the top of her head. “You can piss in my mouth anytime you want to.”

She emitted a tiny, almost inaudible, gasp - the sound of someone who is trying not to make obvious their own arousal. If anything, it turned me on more.

“I mean it,” I said. “You don’t ever have to use a real toilet again, if you don’t want to. Just use me. Those towels are fine too, though we have to wash them again.”

“Oh, shit!” she said, jumping to her feet. “I forgot about them. Let me clean it up right now.”

But I grabbed her arm and pulled her back to me. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll take care of it in the morning. In fact...”

I kissed her soundly. “Why don’t we take a shower together? It might be refreshing...”

“Mm. Okay. I like that,” she said. “It’s nothing you haven’t seen, right?”

“Nothing I’m not seeing right now,” I said drily, and she squirmed in a way that meant she was pleased more than embarrassed.

I followed her into the bathroom and both of us shed our clothes until we were standing in front of each other, nude, and a little self-conscious. I leaned over her to turn on the spray.

“Did you mean what you said?” she asked suddenly.

“Almost definitely" I assured her. “What are you referring to, exactly?”

“Um. Your... invitation.”

“To piss on me or in my mouth whenever you feel the urge?” I confirmed. “Yes, I meant the hell out of that.”

“Well...I...kinda...have to go again.”

I gestured to the shower and the spraying water. Ava’s eyes didn’t follow my gesture; they traveled downward, to rest on my swelling cock. “Well, this is the perfect place to practice in,” I said. “We can get clean immediately.”

Ava didn’t say anything. She just leaned forward and kissed me, hard.

Suddenly we were pressed together, skin to naked skin. Ava had to stand on tiptoes to rub herself against my erection; her pussy felt wet and hot against me.

“Oh my god,” she moaned. “I can’t believe I found you. I can’t believe...that you enjoy this like I do.”

“Fuck, yes I do,” I grunted, thrusting myself between her slick thighs.

All of a sudden, I felt dripping heat on my cock. I stopped to marvel at the scene: Ava prettily pissing herself all over my dick. Her head was tipped backwards, her fingers spreading her labia, and she was gushing between her fingers, spilling herself all over me.

“Ahhhhhh,” she sighed.

I thrusted faster and harder, getting thoroughly bathed in her piss from balls to tip.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” I grunted. “Oh god, Гт gonna come.”

Ava’s eyes widened, but she was still pissing, and that was what sent me over the edge — I spasmed, and shot my load all over the shower tile.

We sunk down together into the bathtub, entwined, a mess of wet heat, kissing and rubbing against each other. Then Ava climbed on top and straddled me.

“I’m not done,” she said. She gushed out the rest of her bladder over my cock, cleaning me of any residue; then she finished trickling out on my stomach and chest, before finally collapsing on top of me.

“Fuck,” she moaned. “I am so fucking turned on right now.”

The shower pounded us both relentlessly while I caught my breath; then, I wrapped my arms around her and carefully turned us both, so that I was on top, and she pinned beneath me. There was one more thing I wanted to do.

“Is this okay?” I asked, taking my cock in hand and aiming it right at her sopping cunt.

“Is what- ohhh. Ooooooooh,” she moaned, as I started urinating freely, cleaning her pussy with my own piss, striking her sensitive clit, letting it pool in her opening.

“Oh, my god,” she said. “Ohhhh, my god. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes!”

Her cries echoed around the bathroom as she orgasmed.

Later that night — or, rather, very early that morning - as we lay together in her bed, wrapped up in each other’s arms and legs, I kissed the tip of her nose and her forehead and each of her sweet pink cheeks.

“Thank you,” she murmured. “Thank you, so much. I don’t know how I can ever repay you. I feel like you healed me.”

“You have already given me the greatest gift I’ve ever received,” I told her, squeezing her a little for emphasis.

It was true. As she settled into sleep, refreshed from cleansing the trauma of the past, all I could think of was of the future: tomorrow, we would wake up together. Ava might have to piss first thing. Multiple times a day, in fact. I would be there for her.

Tomorrow, the rest of our life would begin.

