Bursting at the salon

Author: J.E. Hart

Contains themes of wetting, desperation, and female masturbation. All characters and events in these shorts are completely fictional.

INTRODUCTION (THE BURSTING CHRONICLES)

Zoe is a successful young woman living in the prime of her life. By day she works as a writer for a prominent magazine and by night she's an author of her own projects. Her most recent one? A collection of short stories about her adventures in holding and wetting and her love of Omorashi.

###

I’ll always remember the first time I accidentally wet myself as an adult. It was the experience that made me realize how much I enjoyed wetting and desperation, and without it I wouldn’t be the person I am today.

It all started off pretty innocently. I had made an appointment to get my hair cut and dyed. I was finishing up my first year of college and I wanted to treat myself. I have straight, black hair and pale skin, so I wanted a professional to tell me what to do in contrast to my friends, who would buy box dye and do it in their bathrooms.

Since I never had my hair dyed before, I wasn't sure how long it would take. I decided to stop and get a cup of coffee on the way there, because college was rough I had been up several nights that week doing last-minute preparation for finals.

I drank my coffee on my walk to the hair salon, where I was about 20 minutes early. I’m the kind of person to always arrive early just in case, and today was no exception.

Turns out the hair stylist I had an appointment with was running late that day, too. After I had been waiting around 30 minutes, I decided to get up and use the bathroom. I didn’t have to pee a lot, but I could feel an urge building and I just wanted to be safe.

Right as I stood up, my name was called and I had to go sit in the salon chair instead. At this point I wasn't worried at all. How long could a simple cut and dye take?

My hair stylist, Jason, was very nice and walked me through the process. He explained that because I have such dark hair, he would need to bleach it first so we could get an even, vibrant color. Apparently this took twice as long as someone who had lighter hair, Had I known then what I know now, I probably would have asked to get up and use the bathroom before he started. But, of course, I was naive and shy, and I didn’t want to inconvenience anyone, especially when Jason was already behind from an earlier client.

We went over what colors would work best with my undertone and together we decided on a gorgeous, deep purple-red color. For my haircut, I just wanted it shortened a little to make it more manageable again.

###

Once Jason got started on my hair, I settled in and started to scroll through my phone. I chatted with Jason a bit, but I felt awkward and didn’t want to say anything stupid, so I mostly kept quiet.

About 20 minutes into the appointment, I could feel the pressure in my bladder growing. I still wasn’t concerned, as I had never had any trouble holding before. The last time I had an accident, I was a child. It definitely wasn’t going to happen to a 19-year-old at a simple hair appointment.

My confidence began to wane an hour into my appointment, though. I decided to buck up and ask Jason how much longer it would be. Jason told me it would probably take another hour, but if I needed to get up and stretch my legs, I could do that as soon as he finished putting the foil in my hair. I thanked him and decided I would take him up on that offer.

I really had to pee now, and I was worried that when I stood up, it would be worse than I realized. Usually when I had to pee, I would sit down to relieve some of the pressure I felt, which helped.

Jason let me get up just a few minutes later, so I carefully stood and looked around for a sign indicating the bathrooms. I decided to just ask the person at the front desk where they were.

“Excuse me,” I said quietly, fully aware of the strips of foil attached to my hair, “where’s the bathroom?”

“Oh, right back there.” The woman at the desk smiled and pointed.

“Thank you.” I made a beeline for the door she had pointed to and was about to open it when I thought I heard a noise inside.

I knocked instead and waited for a reply.

“Just a minute,” someone from inside said.

“Sorry,” I whispered hoarsely, hoping it was loud enough for the girl inside to hear without anyone else hearing.

I waited outside that door for at least 3 minutes, legs casually crossed as my bladder slowly filled up.

Finally Jason called me back so he could finish with my hair and I was forced to leave my station outside the bathroom door without the relief I had so desperately wanted.

###

My situation was becoming less ideal by the second. As I sat back down, I became aware that my need to pee was much worse than it had been previously. I really wanted to do something I had never done before: put my hand between my legs and hold my crotch. Fortunately, the cape I had around me was long enough that, if I was careful, could hide my hand.

I decided to try holding and see if that relieved any pressure, which it did for a little while. I tried my best not to be fidgety while Jason was working on my hair since I didn’t want to make his job harder. My bladder seemed to be filling faster, though, and I could feel the pee inside with every breath I took.

I had stopped talking completely at this point, and I wasn’t paying attention to my phone, either. I’m sure Jason noticed something was wrong, but thankfully he didn’t ask about it. I wouldn’t know what to say if he did.

I could feel my bladder pressing against the waistband of my skinny jeans, and I was tempted to unbutton them to help make room for my expanding bulge. I didn’t though, because that would be hard to explain if someone noticed I had my jeans half-undone.

After what seemed like an eternity, Jason said that all we had to do now was wash my hair and blow dry it, and we would be done.

Washing my hair was more difficult than I had anticipated. As soon as I felt the water on my head, my bladder felt like it contracted. I still had my hand on my crotch so I squeezed it tight, along with my thighs, and I prevented any pee from coming out.

I was really worried now. I had never been in this kind of predicament before and I could feel my heart pounding in my chest as I began to panic.

###

I came so close to just telling Jason that I needed to get up and pee super quickly, but I knew it was too late. I couldn’t get up with soaking wet hair dripping dyed water all over the place. Instead I took deep, even breaths and focused on holding my pee in.

That worked for the rest of the hair-washing, but during the drying process, I felt my muscles give in for a brief second. There was nothing I could do as a felt a spurt of pee break through and dampen my underwear. I think I gasped, because Jason paused and looked up at me in the mirror before continuing with his work.

I managed to stop the flow before it really even got started, but now I could feel a wet spot in my underwear that alerted me to how concerning this situation really was. I found that by pulsing my pelvic muscles, I was able to hold my pee a little better. I began to fan my legs ever -so- slightly too, which provided a good distraction for me.

Finally, Jason said the magic words: he was done. Now that I was free to go, I almost jumped up and ran to the bathroom, cape and all. But then he asked me,

“What do you think?”

And I remembered that I was in a public space and had to have some decorum.

I looked in the mirror and admired my hair: “It looks great! I love the color.”

Jason smiled and took the cape off of me so I could get up. As it came off, I remembered that I had my hand between my thighs and quickly removed it so Jason wouldn’t see.

I got up extremely carefully, feeling the weight of my bladder drop like a stone in water, and with a slightly arched back, I made my way to the front desk to pay.

“Have a good day,” the woman said, and I wished her the same and began to walk toward the bathroom.

Before I could get there with my slow, calculated gait, someone ran past me, bumping into me and nearly knocking me to the ground.

“Sorry!” she squealed, not bothering to stop or look back. “I really have to peeee!”

She ran into the bathroom and slammed the door behind her.

I was still trying to recover from being barreled into. As she hit me, I could feel another dribble of pee and had to cross my legs where I stood to physically stop it. Once I had it under control, I sighed and deliberated whether to wait for that girl who had just taken my bathroom. She did say that she had to pee, which usually didn’t take long, so I decided to wait for a minute.

Then I looked back at the woman at the front desk, who was watching me, and I turned around and walked out the salon door.

I know, I know: my chance to pee had been right at my fingertips. I should have swallowed my pride and waited like I wanted to, but I was embarrassed. I didn’t think I possibly stand there for another minute with people watching me knowing I had to pee.

###

So, I started to walk back to campus, where I could use the bathroom in peace. And hopefully without anymore leaks in my underwear.

It was springtime, and where I went to college, spring was usually warm and pleasant. But for some reason, it was like someone was out to get me today. My walk to the salon was dark and overcast, despite the weather report saying that it was supposed to be a clear day, and when I walked back out of the salon two hours later, it was drizzling and looking ready to start pouring.

Of course I was wearing a T-shirt and didn’t have any jacket or sweater with me, so I was forced to walk back in the rain.

Feeling drops of water on my bare skin did not help my bladder. I found myself repeatedly stopping, crossing my legs, and gripping my crotch just so I could continue walking a few more steps without exploding.

In addition to my worries about my bladder, my newly dyed hair was getting wet and I didn’t want any dye to get on my T-shirt. I was pretty sure it wouldn’t since it had already been thoroughly washed, but I had never had my hair dyed before and I didn’t want to take any chances.

With one hand I held my hair away from my T-shirt, while the other I kept on my crotch. I must have been a sight to see walking down the street. Fortunately, there was no one else out. Apparently everyone else had more foresight than I did.

I didn’t get much farther before I had to stop, crouch down, and squeeze my fingers onto my pee hole through my jeans. The pee was right there and ready to come out; I could feel it. I bounced up and down on the sidewalk, trying to get myself under control, but I knew I was fighting a losing battle.

I ended up letting my hair down again and placing my now-free left hand over my right hand in one last attempt at holding back the flood. I started walking again, feet turned inward and waddling like a duck.

My clothes were getting drenched from the steady downpour of rain that had increased in the last minute, making me shiver.

This exponentially increased my desire to pee, and I felt another spurt force its way out. Except this time, instead of just spraying into my underwear, I felt warmth spread onto my jeans.

I panicked and started to frantically dance around on the sidewalk, trying with all my might to stop bladder from leaking.

I was mildly successful, and after a few more tiny spurts, I had the leaks under control. My strength my disappearing though, and my muscles were wavering. I had to get home now.

Which was a big problem, because I couldn’t really walk anymore without dribbling.

I had never been this desperate before in my life. Tears formed in my eyes from the sheer feeling of needing to pee so badly. I couldn’t believe I had let myself get this far without just using a bathroom, but it was my fault and I was living with the consequences.

I was determined to make it back to the bathrooms on campus, so I gave myself one last, big squeeze and tried to walk again. I kept my hand in my crotch because at that moment, it was probably one of the last things helping me to hold on. If I removed it, I would have literally burst right there.

On my way back to campus, I had to stop at a cross walk. The street usually wasn’t busy, but I guess today was my unlucky day. There was a long line of cars driving past, and no one seemed to want to stop for a poor, rain-drenched, desperate-to-pee college student to let her cross the road.

I didn’t even bother removing my hand. I didn’t care what people thought anymore. It was also better than peeing myself, which was my only other option.

Waiting for those cars was pure agony. I jumped on the spot, picking up my legs one by one to keep the volume of pee in. Finally, cars in both lanes stopped for me and I hobbled across the road, silently thanking the drivers and wishing I could go faster.

I made it to the other side, just blocks from my college campus, and had another leak. This one wasn’t like the others. It was a longer and harder stream that was almost impossible for me to stop once it started.

I felt my hand get warm, so I knew it was enough to wet through my jeans again. Every few steps after that leak I felt another small one, and another, until I was forced to stop unless I wanted the next leak to be what did me in.

I was full on crying at this point, both from the throbbing of my bladder and the fact that I knew I was about to have an accident. I groaned and dropped to my knees on the wet sidewalk, using one of my heels as a physical barrier on my pee hole.

It felt like a was carrying a bowling ball where my bladder was. I didn’t dare press on it, although part of me wanted to just to see what it felt like. I was pretty sure it would be rock-hard with pee.

Now that I was kneeling on the cement, there was no getting up with a major leak. I gritted my teeth and tried to stand, but losing the support from my heel caused another leak. I looked down to check what I assumed would be a massive wet patch around my crotch, and was surprised to see that my jeans were already fully soaked from the rain.

That gave me an idea, and as I choked on my little sobs, I knew what I had to do.

I stood up, the contents in my bladder shifting and causing my muscles to contract again, and steeled myself for my first, and what I hoped at the time would be my last, wetting.

I was nervous that people still might be able to see that it was urine and not rain, or worse, smell it, but I had no choice. It was going to happen whether I gave up voluntarily or not.

So, I clenched my fists, took a deep breath, and tentatively relaxed my muscles, pulling my hand away from my crotch and letting the pee flow.

It took a moment for my bladder to realize that it was finally being released, but when it did, the pee came cascading down my legs. I felt my entire crotch and thigh area grow deliciously warm as it got soaked with pee.

I looked down as the pee was still flooding my pants just to make sure it wasn’t obvious what it was. It didn’t loo any different from the water already on my pants, but I could see the little stream trickling from my crotch before it flowed down my legs. I put my hand on the stream gently, feeling the hot, golden liquid trickle over it.

It felt almost orgasmic, and as I kept my hand placed there, my knees grew weak and my heart thumped wildly. The world around me disappeared as I entered my own, personal heaven. I had never felt anything like this before.

All too soon, my bladder fully emptied and I was left with nothing but the cold, wet clothes on my body and a hand that was sticky with pee.

I slowly walked back to campus, no longer caring about the rain that was still falling from the sky. I was in no rush to get back. I wanted to replay my previous experience over and over in my mind.

As soon as I got back, I gathered up what I needed for a shower and went to go take one. Even if no one else knew about my accident, I did, and I wanted to wash it off just in case I did smell anything like pee.

By the time I got to the showers, I had to pee again. I had weakened my bladder temporarily with that last hold, and my muscles were tired. I decided that, since my clothes were already wet, I would just hop in the shower with them and pee myself again.

This release was nothing like the first one, but it felt amazing. Before I realized what I was doing, I rubbed myself over my clothes while I was still peeing, coming faster than I ever had before.

It was one of the best orgasms I ever had, and I kept rubbing my hand over the pee spraying out in spurts as my muscles contracted powerfully, causing surges of explosive pleasure throughout my body.

That was the day that I first found a whole new side of me I had known was there before. Since then I’ve had numerous similar situations, some intentional and some accidental. But that was my first time, and it’s still etched in my memory today.
