Girls School - Part 2

Author: Eratosthenes (2002-02-02 at 22:41) #43421

THE DOROTHY J. ETHERINGTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

PART 2

“Melanie?”

“Huh?”, Melanie sputtered, startled. She had been concentrating on her need to poop and had forgotten that Kyrie had asked her a question.

“Are you okay with just doing it in your pants and bed when you need to go?”, Kyrie asked again patiently.

“Well, I have no problem with peeing myself, but I'm not too sure about pooping”, Melanie responded hesitantly.

“Okay, I guess it is a bit bizarre, but everybody here does it. We're all used to it now. In fact most of us are completely incontinent and can't hold it anyway. So it's very convenient to be able to just go whenever”, Kyrie said. Once again Melanie was stunned. Incontinent! Would she get that way? Suddenly the pressure in her bowels increased substantially and she knew she wasn't going to be able to hold on for much longer. She began to squirm a little and this did not go unnoticed.

“Melanie?”, Kyrie said in friendly concern.

“Kyrie, um, I gotta, well — poop”. There, she'd said it. And now she steeled herself for Kyrie's inevitable response.

“Melanie, hon, don't worry about it. Just stand up and let it go. Just do it in your pants. You'll be fine, trust me. I do it all the time.” Kyrie did not disappoint. Or did she? Suddenly another thought occurred to Melanie.

“What about the smell?”, she asked.

“Oh we're long since used to that”, Kyrie said easily, “It gets so that you don't even notice it anymore”.

“I guess you must go through a lot of underwear here”, Melanie said with a chuckle, trying her best to lighten up a little. Kyrie chuckled back and said, “Only when they get really messy. That doesn't happen very often. Usually we just wear the same pair of panties all the time, without ever taking them off”. Thoughts were hitting Melanie one after another and now she asked, “What if you get the runs?”

“They give you this medication that plugs you up for about four days. And it does it right away after taking it”, Kyrie replied casually.

Suddenly there was a jolt of pressure in her bowels and she squirmed again. She looked anxiously at Kyrie, who just smiled reassuringly. Melanie managed to smile back and after a moment's hesitation she got to her feet. She looked at Kyrie again, who gave her a look of encouragement. Melanie spread her legs slightly and, with a shuddery sigh, she let go. Her poop started to slide out into her pants slowly at first, and then it gradually got faster. She could feel the back of her jeans starting to bulge. They were tight though, so there was only so far that they could bulge.

She continued to poop steadily into her jeans, and as she did so the poop began to spread out, some going up her ass crack, and some going down between her legs. To her surprise she discovered that it actually felt good to just stand there and fill her pants. Finally the last of her poop squished out into her pants and she was finished. She reached behind her to feel what she had done. There was a huge mound ballooning her jeans out, and it was warm and soft. And there was virtually no smell.

“There, you see?”, Kyrie smiled, “Nothing to it”.

“It actually kinda felt good”, Melanie said.

“C'mon”, Kyrie said suddenly, “We gotta get to Math class”.

She stood and the two of them walked out into the corridor and headed for their math class. Along the way Melanie spotted many girls with wet jeans, and a few girls standing there casually wetting themselves. Melanie had a strange feeling in her gut. It was a weird, wonderful, tingly feeling. A feeling of finally being able to completely let herself go and have no inhibitions at all. Suddenly she knew that she was going to thoroughly enjoy her time at Etherington. She was no longer worried about fitting in.

They walked into their math class and it was only as she headed for a desk that Melanie realized that she was going to have to sit down in her poop filled pants. Her immediate thought was What the hell? I've done everything else, so I might as well do this too. So she sat down. As she touched the seat the poop oozed up inside her jeans. She could feel some climbing up into her crotch and was amazed that it felt good and not icky. She was actually starting to get a little aroused. She quickly brought herself under control and turned her concentration to the class. The teacher began writing equations on the blackboard. She was a pretty woman in her early thirties and once again Melanie suddenly found herself staring at her breasts and butt. What the hell is happening to me? she thought.

Here she was, sitting in math class in pee soaked, poop filled jeans, staring at a woman's breasts and butt. Just two days ago she would have been utterly horrified at the very thought of it. Now she found herself actually enjoying the naughtiness of freely doing something that was usually considered to be taboo. Then she caught Kyrie looking at her again and turned quickly away, blushing. She was getting hot and discreetly she slid her hand down to her crotch and pressed a finger against her wet jeans. It was a mistake. A little gasp of pleasure escaped her and the teacher suddenly said, “Melanie? Are you alright?” Melanie got herself under control and said, “Uh yeah, I uh poked myself with my pen”. She was acutely embarrassed and she could hear the other girls in the class snickering softly. She longed to hear the final bell ring and make good her escape.

Three-thirty finally did come and school ended for the day. Gym was Melanie's last class of the day, but she did not share this class with Kyrie, and they had gone their separate ways. In gym the girls wore tights and gym T-shirts, as did the teacher, Miss Wickham. Melanie watched in wonder as twice Miss Wickham casually peed in her tights during gym class. Melanie had showered fully clothed in her tights and gym T-shirt, along with the other girls, to rinse out the pee they had done in them during the class. She had been terrified that the poop in her panties would soften in the shower and start to run down her legs, but luckily it hadn't. Now she found her way to a door leading to the outside clutching a fistful of paper towels she had taken from the change room in the gym.

She found a dumpster and in about five minutes she had her poop scooped and dumped. She wiped herself and her panties and then simply pulled them back up along with her jeans and headed for her dorm. About halfway there she met up with Kyrie again. They walked together and chatted about their day. At one point Kyrie looked at Melanie as they walked, and smiled and said, “You know, I really like you. You're very pretty”. Then she slipped her hand into Melanie's with the intention of walking hand in hand. Melanie however had no such intention and she pulled her hand away immediately. Kyrie looked hurt and said, “Melanie, what's wrong?”

“I'm not like that”, Melanie replied quietly. “I'm sorry”, she added. She was still very unsure about it as yet.

“Oh, that's okay”, Kyrie responded just as quietly, “We can still be friends. You wouldn't mind the occasional hug or kiss, would you?”

“No, that would be okay”, Melanie said. Kyrie smiled at that and suddenly leaned over and pecked Melanie on the cheek. “Thanks Mel”, she said. They relaxed after that and chatted amicably as they walked the rest of the way back to the dorm.

Unknown to Kyrie, when she had kissed Melanie, Melanie had felt that tingle again. She was shocked at the thought that another girl could do that to her. She honestly thought that she wasn't into girls. Maybe she was wrong. She decided not to say anything for now and just see what developed.

In the dorm Melanie dropped her school books down on the little desk beside her bed and plunked herself down in the chair at the foot of her bed. It was an older armchair with soft upholstery and when she sat in it a smell of pee wafted up. Mmmm she thought. She had actually gotten to like the smell of pee and she was kind of glad that she smelled of it most of the time. After all, everybody did in this school. She closed her eyes and relaxed in her chair, winding down from her first day of classes in this incredible school. After a time she found that she needed to pee. She was deciding to do it in the chair when suddenly she did. She just sighed and matter-of-factly peed herself sitting in the chair. Her jeans and the chair got soaked and it felt great.

She sat there enjoying her wetness immensely. The other girls were talking quietly to each other about their day. She glanced around the dorm and suddenly spotted Kyrie looking at her. Again that tingle hit her and to her shocked amazement she found herself looking at Kyrie's breasts and tight, round, pee dampened butt. She looked away quickly, blushing furiously. Melanie was beginning to come to the realization that she was attracted to Kyrie. This went against a lifetime of interest in boys only.

She was finding it difficult to fully accept it. Using her pants and bed as her toilet was one thing. Becoming involved with a girl was quite another. Before she had looked away, Kyrie had smiled and blown her a kiss. The now familiar tingle had shot through her. She tried to imagine what it would be like French kiss Kyrie, and again the tingle was there, and her heart beat went up a couple of notches. Melanie was stunned that this was happening to her. She thought hard about it and decided that she was not ready to accept it, but she was open to not trying to stop it and just seeing what happened.

She sat there in her chair doing her homework, wetting herself when the need arose, and soon it was time for supper. Everybody went to the cafeteria at 5:30 for this and at 5:20 Melanie reluctantly got up out of her luxuriously wet chair and headed for the door. As she reached the door she felt a tap on her elbow and she turned to look. Kyrie was walking beside her.

“Hi Mel”, she said brightly, “Just wanted to walk to the caf with you, if that's okay?”

“Sure”, Melanie heard herself say. She noticed that Kyrie's jeans were shiny wet. She had obviously just had a pee. They walked together along the corridor but didn't say much. Then Melanie shocked herself when she suddenly reached out and took Kyrie's hand into hers. Kyrie immediately smiled and squeezed Melanie's hand. Melanie just blushed and continued walking, her heart pounding, the tingle coursing through her. They reached the cafeteria and sat beside each other at a table toward the back of the huge room. Kyrie turned to look at Melanie, who was staring nervously at the table, her heart thudding away.

“Melanie?”, Kyrie said softly.

“Yeah”, Melanie said quietly without looking up.

“That was really nice of you to hold hands with me. Thank you”. Kyrie said, again softly. Melanie turned and looked at Kyrie then and smiled. “Your welcome”, she said timidly. She was so nervous that her bladder abruptly let go and she saturated herself where she sat. The warm wetness in her jeans made her relax a bit. It felt so damn good that she couldn't help but be relaxed by it. At that point waitresses appeared and starting placing food on the tables. Occasionally, around the cafeteria, a waitress would pause to wet herself and then continue handing out food.

Melanie and Kyrie began to eat and the food was superb. They had rack of lamb, mint sauce, mashed potatoes, cauliflower and asparagus. Everything a fine private school should have. The beverage was non-alcoholic wine. Kyrie finished her meal quickly and sat back as Melanie ate hers. Melanie was used to this kind of food of course and she dined with great relish. She was slicing a sprig of cauliflower with her knife when she suddenly felt a hand on her damp right thigh. She looked and Kyrie was smiling as she rested her hand there.

Then Kyrie began to slowly slide her hand back and forth along Melanie's thigh and suddenly Melanie's heart was back in overdrive. The tingle was literally screaming through her now, and she felt herself starting to get hot between her legs. She could not believe this was happening. She had never been remotely interested in girls before, but now she found herself turned on by them. She made no attempt to stop Kyrie from caressing her thigh. Then Kyrie suddenly stopped it herself. Melanie looked at her and Kyrie smiled and blew her a kiss. This time Melanie smiled back shyly, blushed and returned the kiss. Kyrie's smile went huge when she saw that.

When supper came to an end, Melanie and Kyrie stood and turned to leave the cafeteria. This time they took each other's hand without hesitation and walked hand in hand back to the dorm. They both had to stop on the way to pee their pants and Kyrie put on a big show as the pee flowed down her jeans. “Aaaaah, that feels sooo good peeing myself”, she cooed. Melanie giggled and soaked her jeans as well and then they held hands again as they resumed their walk back to the dorm. When they walked in the door of the dorm the first thing they heard was Erica Belmore saying, “Got the hots for her, haven't ya Kyrie?”

Kyrie blushed a little and Melanie blushed furiously.

“Yeah, I kinda do”, Kyrie replied. “She's really cute”, she added. Melanie was now ten shades of crimson. There were friendly oooh's all around and as they walked past Erica, she gave Melanie's butt a playful slap. It sounded more like a splat from her jeans being soaked with pee. They reached Melanie's bed and released each other's hands.

“Kyrie, I've got homework to now so, I'll talk to you later?”, Melanie asked tentatively.

“Sure, no problem”, Kyrie said, “I've got homework myself”.

Kyrie leaned in and kissed Melanie - on the lips. And she lingered for a moment. Melanie blushed again and turned quickly away. Kyrie just smiled and continued on to her own bed.

Melanie sank back down in her wet chair and promptly peed herself to warm it up and refresh it. If felt wonderful and she relaxed noticeably. She tried to do her homework but she just couldn't concentrate, as she kept thinking of Kyrie. And as she thought of Kyrie the tingle started up again. She was starting to get hot between her legs, and not from pee. Suddenly she took a deep breath and told herself to calm down. This was getting ridiculous she admonished herself. She decided to pee herself again and refresh her chair to help her relax. It worked and she felt much better.

She got back to her homework and managed to get it done this time. She didn't even pause to wet herself, she just peed while she worked when the need hit her. Eventually 10:45 came around and she peeled off her wet jeans and T-shirt, but left her wet panties on of course. Then she put her pajama pants and night T-shirt on and climbed into her damp bed. It was cold and clammy when she first got in so she immediately gave it a good wetting. She released herself full force and wet her bed with gusto. She had been looking forward to this all day. Now her bed was luxuriously warm and wet and she settled down to sleep. The dorm fell quiet and as she waited for sleep Melanie heard a soft hiss as one of the other girls wet her bed.

Melanie awoke to see beams of sunshine slanting through the slats of the blinds. She stretched and yawned and had a good pee in bed. She was once again luxuriously warm and wet and she didn't want to get up. But she knew she had to and she climbed reluctantly out of bed. As she was pulling her still damp jeans up she suddenly felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned to see Kyrie standing beside her, smiling.

“Here, let me help you Mel”, she said softly.

“Uh o-okay”, Melanie replied hesitantly.

Kyrie grasped the waist of Melanie's jeans and pulled them the rest of the way up. She then carefully fastened the button and pulled the zipper up. Suddenly she placed her hand on Melanie's butt and patted it.

“There you go honey”, she said softly, “Thank you”.

Melanie looked into Kyrie's eyes. She wasn't sure what was happening here but her heart was doing back flips in her chest, and the tingle was sizzling inside her. She felt herself getting hot again and now even her nipples were going hard. They could be clearly seen through her bra and T-shirt. She could also feel her last inhibitions melting away, just dissolving. She was even starting to breathe in little puffs of surprise. Then, abruptly, to her utter amazement, she gave in completely.

“Oh Kyrie!”, she gasped breathlessly as she wrapped her arms around her, pulled her tight against her and began to French kiss her deeply. Kyrie responded eagerly, pulling Melanie tight and crushing their breasts together. She French kissed Melanie with complete abandon, engulfed in her love and passion, melting into her and they both peed pleasurably in their pants while still locked together and soaked each other wonderfully. It was a moment that each would remember vividly for the rest of their lives.

Later, as they sat side by side in history class, Melanie had thoughts only for what had had happened between them that morning. She remembered how incredibly good it had felt to hold another girl tight and French kiss her passionately while wetting their pants together. She was getting herself hot again and she quickly peed to relax herself. She breathed a sigh of relief as she blissfully soaked her jeans. History class dragged on and they had to wait twice while the teacher peed herself, and once when she had to take a poop. Finally it ended though and Melanie and Kyrie headed out into the corridor. This time though, they did not head for the cafeteria. Instead they went outside and found a secluded corner. The instant they got there they were in each other's arms, French kissing madly.

They started caressing each other's breasts and butts. Soon they were moaning and grinding themselves against each other. Then they were peeing against each other again, their jeans awash with glistening, shiny streams of pee flowing through them to pool on the ground around their feet. Just then the five minute warning buzzer sounded before the next class was to begin. Reluctantly they stepped away from each other. For a moment they just stared into each other's eyes. Melanie smiled hesitantly and tried to speak. “Kyrie I …”, she faltered. Kyrie was actually a little flustered now too. Melanie tried again. “Kyrie I … I think … I -I love you”. She absolutely could not believe what she had just said. Kyrie managed to look shocked, delighted and overwhelmed all at the same time.

“Oh God Melanie!”, she breathed, “Oh God, I love you too!”

They hugged again and had a quick kiss before tearing themselves away from each other and heading back into the school. All through math class all Melanie could think of was Kyrie, sweet beautiful Kyrie. They were not sitting together in math class because they had been late getting there and the only two desks left were on opposite sides of the room, one at the front and the other at the back. Melanie was almost continually wetting herself in excitement over her new found love for Kyrie. She wondered what was going to happen in the dorm tonight. She realized that there was a good chance that she would make love to a girl for the first time in her life. She promptly soaked her jeans again at the thought of it. She immediately began to think up as many inventive ways to pee on each other as she could, when they were in bed together that night.

End of part 2

Part 3 coming soon.

N.B.: I hope you folks don't mind the lesbianism too much. If you would prefer the story to be strictly about wetting then by all means let me know and I'll make the appropriate changes. E.

Copyright (c) 2002 Eratosthenes, with acknowledgement to the Ripple Story Index. All rights reserved.

