CARNIVAL

Author: William Abbott

The setting for this story is real. A couple of years ago I was visiting family out east and I was blown away by the spectacle of Carnival weekend in Provincetown, out on the tip of Cape Cod. It seemed the ideal backdrop for a story about a woman searching everywhere for a bathroom.

It was posted for a while at the Experience Project, before the policy change that disallowed erotica. Before this got taken down, one reader (female) said if she were ever in a similar situation, she'd want someone like me with her —"very sexy and also very comforting'' is how she put it.

I was pleased.

Carnival in Provincetown. A parade of outrageous crossdressers and flamboyant queers, like a Gay Pride march on acid. For two hours, a town already bursting with tourists swells even more until Commercial Street is packed solid, with spectators four and five deep all along both sides of the street. Everything else in town shuts down for those two hours. No shops, no restaurants...no bathrooms.

And she REALLY has to go.

She’s wearing a barely-there little sundress, silky, not-quite-sheer and cut short enough that underneath, to keep from flashing her underwear at passersby every time she bends over, she’s wearing spandex biking shorts.

We’re not that interested in the parade. We came here for the beaches, the bookstores, the gelato. Everything’s closed and she has to go, so we walk back to the lot where we left our car, hoping to drive back to our bed & breakfast.

Only the whole town has turned into a parking lot. It takes us five minutes just to drive to the exit, and she’s gripping her crotch and knocking her knees together. Another ten to round the corner back near the lot entrance, and by then it’s obvious she’s not going to make it if we try to drive all the way back to Truro.

I pull back into the entrance. A couple more minutes to get back in while she’s jiggling in her seat. Our parking spot has already been taken, but I find another—probably the last open space in the lot—and park the car again.

What will she do? Desperate times call for desperate measures. She lifts her butt off the seat, hikes up her dress, and slips out of the shorts and underwear. Smoothing her dress down again, she gets out of the car. Not here, though. She can’t possibly pee right here in the parking lot. Not with throngs of people streaming through on their way to the parade. You might think she could stand in the crook of the open car door and let go, or sit on the running board half-hidden and no one would be the wiser, but someone squeezing between our car and the one next to us says “Excuse me,” and she has to close the door to let him by, and then more are coming.

What will she do? We walk. We hold hands. She dances. Hops. Skips. Jumps.

She also jiggles and bounces, her breasts swaying unteathered under that silky dress. Sweat glistens on her tanned cleavage.

The side streets are less crowded, and we explore one, looking for concealment—an alleyway or even a recessed doorway, a dumpster or a row of garbage cans where she could squat. Every spot we see with the least bit of seclusion is obviously private property, behind white picket fences or little gates, and overlooked by windows crowding every side.

She’s GOING to pee, whether or not we find a nook for her to squat in. What can she do?

The beach seems the best and only answer. Kneel in the sand, sit on her heels, her crotch a few inches above the ground, and release. No puddles. No mess. No incriminating evidence. No need even to hike up her dress, it's already so short. Just ohmyGod pleasepleaseplease relief! She squirms, her hand in mine, and whimpers, “Help me.”

Commercial Street runs right along the beach, but access is limited. The nearest right-of-way is three blocks ahead, and the sidewalks are standing room only. She walks with mincing steps now, holding tight to my elbow, her jaw clenched. Her breath puffs like a woman giving birth. Almost naked. The slightest breeze under the hem and her bare butt will be out there for all to see.

A bit of lawn. Someone jostles past us as she eyes it. Can she sit there and pee in the grass? No.

Not with tourists practically stepping over her.

Ice cream for sale through a window. Do they have a bathroom? She stands on one leg as she asks. “No I’m really sorry the bathrooms are inside and we’re closed until after the parade I’m really sorry.” A little squirt with the shop girl looking right at her—just a fraction of a second— and her inner thighs are wet.

People on a balcony above one of the shops. Is the shop open? She’s pee dancing shamelessly, too desperate to care, and as she checks each door she has a hand up under her dress to grip her naked pussy. All locked.

A little alley. Maybe leading back to some trash cans? We duck through to peak, but come out onto an area open to the next street. What if she loses it here? Just pees anyway? But a whole line of people is walking past with lawn chairs and cooler, maybe a family with an endless succession of aunts and uncles and cousins and nieces and nephews.

We cut back to Commercial Street again. Can she make it to the beach? She’s writhing, grinding her thighs together. She holds onto me for balance, walking as if she were barefoot on hot coals.

Stopping at an intersection as a mambo line of men in spandex and glitter winds its way through the crowd. She stands with her legs crossed, wriggling, bending over, keening in distress. Another hot trickle between her thighs.

Another block. Squeezing our way through the press of bodies, she grips her crotch again, this time through her dress. Does her pubic hair peek out past the hem? Maybe.. I hear her breathing like a woman giving birth.

Another half a block to the beach access. People on one of the floats are tossing colorful plastic bead necklaces into the crowd. One hits her in the shoulder, and she catches it. Grips it white-knuckled.

We squeeze sideways past a group of hairy men—human teddybears, half-naked except for some black leather. She’s hissing through clenched teeth, looking skyward, gyrating, stepping from foot to foot.

Almost there. She’s holding on for dear life, using my arm for balance as she hobbles along, barely able to walk.

Here we are. Around the corner, and then only fifty feet to the beach.

Fifty feet packed with spectators. “Excuse me,” she says, stepping around a row of elderly women in lawn chairs, tugging down on the hem of her dress. “Please, I need to get through,” she says to woman with a baby in a backpack. “Pardon me,” stepping over the front wheel of a Harley as the man straddling it removes his helmet. “Oh God oh God oh God.”

Twenty more feet. She’s walking with mincing steps, grinding her thighs together. Almost there. Holding tight to my arm. “Oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh!”

And she stops.

Hangs her head.

Relaxes her grip on my elbow. (I’ll have bruises there tomorrow.)

Stands with her legs very close together. A puddle growing at her feet.

No one seems to notice. Not even when a lesbian couple—the one nearest us topless and in shorts and Birkenstocks—squeeze by and one of them even steps in the puddle, leaving wet footprints as she walks on.

I lay a hand gently on her back. Is she still peeing? As if in answer, I hear a little hiss as the rivulet down her calf breaks free to fall through space between her feet. She wiggles her toes and her flip-flops make little bubbles.

She tapers off, and turns to me, and I take her in my arms. “Shhh, it’s OK,” I say. She returns my hug. Holds onto me. Melts in my arms.

And she’s still peeing. Or peeing again.

Tapers off again.

Lets go of me enough for us to step back and look at each other. Her face scrunches up with embarrassment. “My legs are soaked,” she says.

“Then let’s go wading,” I say. I take the necklace from her hand and drape it over her head.

Hand in hand, we walk the rest of the way to the beach. I’m wearing shorts and sneakers. I pull off my tee shirt and leave it in the sand and walk with her out into the gentle waves.

When she’s up to mid-thigh, she looks carefully all around. No one seems to be looking directly at us. She lifts the hem of her dress, exposing her bottom, her pussy, and quickly dunks under the surface of the water. Wading further out, she lifts the dress higher, keeping it bunched around her breasts. The water is up to her ribs, but the dress is still dry. I follow until I’m waist-deep and take her in my arms again. I cup her bottom in my hands— her naked bottom—and grind my hard-on against her crotch.

“I can’t believe I pissed myself in the middle of a crowded street,” she says quietly in my ear.

“It’s OK, I tell her again. “I don’t think anybody noticed.”

“You sure did,” she says.

“Yeah. I think...”

“What?”

“I think I’m...”

“What is it?”

“I’m going to...”

She pulls her head back to look at my face. I pull her hips tighter against me, my denim pressed into her pubic hair, my hands squeezing her buttocks under the water.

I close my eyes.

I grimace.

And there, in view of hundreds of people, and with other swimmers in the water not thirty feet away...I cum in my pants. And now it’s me holding onto her for balance.

“So...” I say, trying to catch my breath. “Do you think anybody noticed?”

