Title: The Wild Blue
  Entry to: Month 4
By: Bob (1997-04-25)

The day the Earth couldn't stand still.

On a normal day for me the events of that fateful day would have made no difference to me at all. I spend most of my time in the forests in the state of Maine in the northeast U.S. As luck would have it my contract with the paper companies which own the Northern forests of Maine had me flying my amphibian plane to the airport in Portland Maine to meet an engineer and fly him to a remote lake in the forest to make a survey for some project that spelled trouble for the peace and tranquility in that part of the world. My airplane was purchased, at auction, from the Drug Enforcement Agency and is perfect for that sort of work. I had obtained the necessary clearances to land a plane at the lake. This was necessatated by the ban on airplanes landing on lakes in that part of the state of Maine.

With plenty of cargo space and the latest electronics I was well prepared for the four day job for which I was to be handsomely paid. I had flown in on the previous day and set up camp and was now looking for mr. Robert A Smith. Imagine my shock when Roberta Smith arrived at the airline gate. I was dumbstruck by a 6'4" godess with dark, ebony skin and regal features. She was a slender woman of approximately 50 years of age with champagne glass breasts and the most exquisite ass I have seen in all my 48 years of existance. It turned out that she was a very down to earth type and more than a little nervous about flying. I reassured her as much as possible and prepared for take-off.

As we taxied for takeoff I became aware of a sudden pressure in my bladder but dismissed it as we gathered speed and lifted off the runway. As we followed Interstate 95 North I noticed a huge number of vehicles along the shoulder as their occupants headed into the woods or relieved themselves on the shoulders of the highway. This reminded me of my own problem (as if I needed a reminder) and brought my attention to my passenger who was squirming and pressing her legs together tightly. As our eyes met she smiled and asked for directions to the "loo".

I reached into the pocket behind her seat and pulled out a one litre bottle with an attached funnel which I had purchased from an aviation supply catalog for just such an eventuality. I said "this is the men's room" and then removed the funnel and replaced it with a cup designed to conform to the curve of a female pubic mound and announced "this is the ladies' room. "Where do I go?" she inquired. "You're there" I replied. She looked around the cockpit and recognized the truthfulness of my answer then her eyes fell to her lap and the darkening fabric of her work pants. "o.k." she said in a tiny voice.

"I have no choice" she said tearfully "but I'm very uncomfortable with the circumstances" Noticing the prominance of her erect nipples despite the heat of the day I surmised the reason for her discomfort and marveled at my incredible good fortune. We were both shaking as she lowered her trousers and panties revealing her pubic hair matted with urine which was obviously trickling from her urethera despite a massive effort to stem the flow. She pressed the cup to her pubis and urine gushed into the bottle a a look of relief spread across her face. The relief was soon replaced by a look of alarm as the bottle rapidly filled.

She cut off her stream when the bottle was filled. I had her hand the bottle to me and I emptied it through an opening on the side of the plane, which the previous owners had designed to allow anything dumped into it to be carried away by the slipstream. I handed the bottle to her and she filled it for a second time and I repeated my previous task. As she urinated into the bottle for the third time I noticed how tightly she pressed the cup against her clitoris and watched in awe as my passenger proceeded to have an orgasm that would hvae registered well on the Richter Scale.

She then handed me the bottle and looked down at my lap with a little smile and said "oops". I looked and saw the head of my erect penis pushing up past my belt line. As I emptied the bottle and replaced the cup with the funnel I wondered how I was giong to relieve the unbearable pressure on my bladder given my state of arousal. After lowering my pants it became obvious that my penis was pointing up and the laws of gravity force it to point down if the device I had was to be effective. 'Bobbie' seemed to understand my dilemma and immediately climbed onto my lap. Facing forward she impaled herself onto my throbbing cock. My brain went into sensory overload and I nearly forgot to fly the damned plane but quickly recovered. After riding me to a couple orgasms it became apparent that the pressure of my bladder was preventing my release and the pressure on my prostate prevented my bladder from emptying.

Bobbie resourcefully wet her middle finger and slid it into my rectum, massaging my prostate. The result was explosive, I ejaculated into her with a force unknown in many years, if ever. Immediately upon orgasm my bladder expelled a good three liters of urine with explosive force into the vaginal cavity of my benefactor. This precipitated another orgasm from her and the release of nearly another pint of piss which showered my balls causing another release of semen from my aching cock. As Bobbie dismounted and slid into her seat I marveled at the coating of fluids from our incredible encounter. I was going to need all my strength to land the airplane and clean the interior. 
