Patty's Discoveries about Watersports

Author: Curt (1997'12) mf P#083

Yesterday was the first time I talk to Patty about watersports in any form. Actually, it all stated a couple of days earlier, with Patty, Jerry and myself standing around talking about the same subject (sex) that the three of us always seem to be talk about. Jerry left the conversation to do some work elsewhere in the complex, leaving Patty and myself standing there talking, when she said "I should take that boy home with me, for a good rump in bed ".

At that I replied, "I think that Jerry is probably a one dimensional wonder". With a look of wonderment, she asks, "what do you mean by that". I said, " if anyone knows the answer to that question, it's you, Patty, you know that I walk to the sound of a different drummer when it comes to sex". After saying that to her I turned and walked way from her making sure that I didn't see her for the rest of the day. You see, I know that Patty can become aroused if the seed of sexual thoughts is introduced properly. She can become very horny when left to her own imagination.

The next morning I was standing by the coffee machine when she rushed into the lunchroom and asks me to explain exactly what I meant yesterday. She was asking for all the details. I smile and shook my head, knowing Patty's own sexual appetites and thinking to myself " this could be fun". With that I said " I'll find you in a little while and we'll talk".

I have always kept this particular fetish of mine out of these conversation. The reason being that most people can talk the talk, but can't walk, the walk. So a long time ago I decided to keep it to myself. Until a receptive female comes along? Patty is that type of woman and that's what I think I like most about her. We have both came of age at about the same time. I really wish things had been different when we were younger. The paths that we could have followed in our search for sexual satisfaction. Patty and I have been friends for about fourteen years and to make a long story short, she want children and I didn’t that the only reason we didn't’t get together.

I started to search the workroom to see were she was hiding at, finding her in a more secluded area of the plant I approached her. I could almost see the desire rushing into her loins. Excitedly she said" OK, spill it, I want to hear it all" I really don't like to discuss this with most people, so I hem haw around for awhile trying to stray from the subject. But, she was having none of it and said, "get on with it, I've told you some of things I like now you tell me". Then I started to tell her about my fascination of watching women peeing. How much I like women to be wet and spurting the hot golden liquid during sexual encounters. And how this turns me on to a point of no return or until I have satisfy that deep dark well in my sexual psyche.

After I finished this talk with Patty I left her alone for about an hour. Knowing that her imagination would put her in the mood for my first request. When I return I handed her a couple of tissue and told her the next time she pees she was to use them and return them to me. A short time later I was standing by a piece of equipment when she walks up and handed me the tissues. They were still wet and warm as I brought them to my nostril to smell the scents of her urine and sexual desire mix together. My cock immediately started to harden as she turn and walked away. I stood and watch her shapely ass and continue to smell the tissues she handed me.

I didn't see her for the rest of the day and this was on purpose. In fact I didn't run into Patty until the next day at my morning. I was sitting in the lunchroom when she came flying through the door saying "Thanks" I replied "You're Welcome". Taking a seat across the table from me she said, "do you know that everytime I take a pee I think of you"

Later that day Patty walked up to me and handed me a pair of her panties saying she had an accident in them. Then she went on to explain that she was headed to use the lavatory when she tripped causing her to pee in her panties. I asked if she found this exciting. With a heavy sigh she whisper " yes, I never thought this would excite me so much". With a sheepish grin on my face I thought, " this is really going to be fun"

Since it was Friday, I made my second request. That was to have Patty to call me on Saturday morning with her cordless phone. She was to call when she first woke up and was ready to empty her bladder. I told her exactly what I want her to do.

I waited Saturday morning for Patty to call when the telephone rang at nine-o'clock in the A.M. I thought "she is going to do it" I answered and wouldn't you know it a salesman trying to sale me something I didn't want or need. I thought "Dam Spam everywhere you turn". Another hour past and the phone rang again. I picked it up and said "hello" but the only sound I heard was a hiss and then the sound of water hitting the side of a porcelain bowl followed by the sound of water hitting water. I knew what was happening. then I heard Patty's voice say "your Welcome" then click. The receiver went dead.

This is going to be fun!

