Serendipity

Author: Terri, March 1995

The music was electrifying! Loud, hypnotic rhythms energized the crowd which kept getting bigger as more and more people packed the tiny dance floor of the small club. Everywhere folks were pushing and shoving to get closer to the stage and I was surrounded on all sides by swaying, entranced fans. The crowd had squeezed together so tightly I could hardly move my head, much less my body. My arms were pinned to my sides and my bare legs were intimately close to the guys on either side of me. The leather mini I was wearing was molded to my ass and the guy behind me was pressed so tightly against me that he was stepping on my sandals. On top of that, the guy in front of me was easily over 6 feet tall and although I could see over his shoulder, I had to stand on my tip toes to do so. At least he smelled great because my face was practically shoved into his left armpit and my hands were right up against his jeans-clad ass.

I was absorbed by the music, swaying, grinding with the crowd when the urge struck. The pitcher of beer I had drunk had accumulated in my bladder and I had to pee big time. No way was I going to be able to weave through that crowd to the ladies' room across the floor. I decided to think about something else, just listen to the music, sing...anything to help me forget I had to pee. Instead, the pressure just got more and more intense until I couldn't hold it anymore. I cried out, "Oh gods" as my panties started filling with warm piss. After a few drops I was able to stop the flow and when I noticed the guy in front of me watching me (while trying to look like he wasn't watching me) I was determined to hold it. But my bladder had other ideas and soon I just closed my eyes and let the piss flow.

Soon I could feel the warmth spreading, into my panties, down my legs, onto my feet (and the feet of the guys in front, back and next to me) and before long I noticed a hand snaking its way up my skirt. My eyes shot open but I couldn't see who it was, the crowd was too tight, the lights too dim, and I couldn't stop my flow. Whomever he was, he was TRYING to feel me piss! I closed my eyes again, felt him cup my wet pussy, and just let go, full force. A waterfall of piss cascaded down, soaking my feet and splashing the floor.

The hand cupped me tighter, stroking my clit through my panties and the combination of the music, the closeness of the crowd, the warmth of the piss and the stroking brought me to a mind blowing orgasm. My knees buckled but I couldn't fall, I was being held up by the crowd. I kept my eyes closed until my breathing was under control and when I opened my eyes the guy in front of me was gone. Soon after the crowd dissipated a bit and I was able to get through to the ladies' room. I left the club soon afterwards and when I got to my car, found a note on the windshield that said, "Thanks for the wet jeans. I've gone home to get them wetter. Give me a call if you want to help" and a phone number. I called the number. But that's another story.

