The All Day Girls (Story 18)

Author: Paul Tester (2003-07-16) mf T#478

Chapter 18. Tamzin in Heaven

Tamzin’s relationship with her rugby playing boyfriend Duncan had not developed as well as she had hoped, partly because he was obviously very embarrassed to even admit he wanted to pee while Tamzin found the idea of any man desperate to pee to be a great turn-on. 

Frustrated by her failure to ever get Duncan to talk about wanting to pee, she only continued seeing him because she wanted him to take her to his rugby club’s annual dinner. Pauline had been the previous year, and Tamzin had been enthralled by her description of men running frantically to the gents as soon as the dinner ended.

She decided that she would make the dinner the grand finale of her time with Duncan, and do her best to encourage him to drink too much, taking his bladder to the absolute limit or beyond, if possible. She knew that his male pride would not bear any girls to drink more than him, so if she and Pauline drank to excess, then Duncan, and probably Jeremy (Pauline’s boyfriend) would drink more. Since neither had a bladder to match the girls’, Tamzin thought she was certain to see some really good desperation.

The dinner was held in the best hotel in Packton, and they met in the bar for drinks before-hand. Tamzin made sure they were there early, and was delighted to see that most of the men there were drinking heavily, as were a good number of the women. It didn’t need much encouragement from her to get all her group to drink three pints before the dinner, and in the Ladies for a final pee before the sitting down for dinner, she was wondering if she might not have over-done things, and set them all, including herself, an impossible task.

“Well”, thought Tamzin, “if I can not last, then Duncan certainly will not be able to, and probably neither will Jeremy, and as for Pauline, who has refused the last pee, she will indeed be pushing herself to the absolute limit”.

It was all very well for Pauline to say that if you had to wait then somehow you would always manage to, but you didn’t need Annette’s logic to work out that there had to be a limit to what any bladder could hold. After all, that was what she was hoping would happen to Duncan, and maybe others, tonight, and they would be taking every precaution they could to avoid it, so Pauline was being foolhardy not bothering with a last pee.

From the start Tamzin had been prepared to suffer any level of desperation so long as she could see some decent men wanting to go as badly. In any case, now they were sitting down she didn’t have any alternative but to wait. It was unthinkable to be the first, probably only, person to leave the table before the dinner was over. Remembering Duncan on the coach, blatantly holding his cock in desperation (All Day Girls, Chapter 10), she felt a thrill of anticipation that something as good or better was going to happen that night.

With the dinning room full to capacity service was slow and before she had finished her main course Tamzin was feeling an uncomfortable need to pee, very much aware that she was already holding a lot of pee and still a long time to wait. As the waitress topped up their wine glasses she noticed Duncan shifting about on his chair, caused, she hoped, by bladder discomfort and not a hard chair. Neither Pauline nor Jeremy were showing any signs of wanting to go, but it was early days, and Pauline was good at hiding her needs even if they were really serious.

Waiting for the main course to be cleared and dessert served, Tamzin was aware of how the beer she had drunk earlier was now taking effect and that her bladder was filling quickly. In less that five minutes she had gone from uncomfortable to bursting, and was needing to cross her legs to try to ease the strain on her bladder.

Both Duncan and Jeremy, she noted with some pleasure, also had their legs crossed, and Duncan was definitely moving about on his chair. Knowing he had a smaller bladder that her, Tamzin guessed that he must be reaching the desperate stage, and probably beginning to worry about how much longer he was going to have to wait. She though she ought to do something to help him, he was still her boyfriend after all, if not for much longer, so she gave him her full attention, engaging him in the most entertaining conversation she could, continuing this between mouthfuls when the dessert was served. Because she was talking to him all the time, she was watching when he finished eating and sat back, pressing both hands into his lap, a gesture which might have meant that he had eaten enough, but Tamzin saw, that from where he pressed his hands, really showed that it was not only his stomach that was full.

As if to confirm this to her, he crossed his legs even tighter and, as Tamzin turned away while still watching him out of the corner of her eye, his right hand strayed casually towards his cock and gave it a long and hard squeeze. Tamzin felt her pulse quicken with excitement. Even in the best (or worst) case, it was going to be another ten or fifteen minutes before they could leave the table, and if, as she hoped, there wasn’t a break before the speeches, it could be half an hour or more before he had a chance to pee. Assuming he was already desperate to be squeezing his cock, she wondered if he was capable of holding out that long; but what alternative did he have? This, Tamzin though, was something she had always dreamed of seeing, and now it was coming true, and her excitement was only tempered by her own very considerable need to pee.

For once the remedy of `think about something else’ was easy. She had Duncan on one side to watch, now giving his cock another squeeze, and on her left Jeremy was starting to look rather tense and uncomfortable, his legs crossed and sitting forward gripping his knees under the table. Tamzin knew there was only one reason she ever sat like that, and there was every reason to assume that Jeremy desperately wanted a pee. She looked further along the table. 

Pauline seemed OK, but seeing Tamzin looking at her she gave a grimace, and they exchanged their secret signals, telling Tamzin that she was desperate. Across the table one of the women who, before the dinner, Tamzin had heard worrying about wanting to pee during the dinner was looking worried, occasionally biting her lip, making Tamzin realise that there had to be a lot of desperate people in the room. If only she had not had so much to drink herself, she thought. She wanted to be able to concentrate fully on the desperation around her, particularly the men, and not have the increasing diversion of her own bursting bladder.

Already she was desperate and it was becoming more of a struggle to hold her pee in, so she casually kicked off her shoes and tucked on foot under her, squirming to get her heel pressing into her crutch, relieving some of the pressure on her bladder. Sitting like this, she thought, she should be able to last out the rest of the dinner if not in comfort, at least in control of her pee. Facing her from the next table was an absolutely gorgeous blonde haired man she had noticed earlier and almost swooned over. He had been laughing and joking as he drank his beer, but now he had gone very quiet and was looking most worried.

“Please, please, let him be as desperate as I want him to be”, thought Tamzin cruelly, wishing there was something she could do to get closer to him and see how badly he wanted to pee, or even better to put some magic influence on him and make him as desperate as she wanted him to be. So bad he had to hold his cock to keep his pee in would be good enough, she thought. What on earth would he, or anyone else, do if they reached the point when they could not wait any longer. She was still totally confident of her ability to wait as long as she had to. She had not considered the possibility of what to do if, or when, she reached the point when she could not wait any longer. From the expressions of one or two around her, she was soon going to see what happened when that crisis time arrived.

She looked down the table to Pauline, who saw her looking and casually pretended to scratch her ear. That meant she was desperate, so desperate she felt her pee was about to leak out of her ears. In reply Tamzin raised her hand to her breasts, indicating that she was bursting and felt full of pee to that level, then glanced towards Duncan and lifted her hand to her throat. That meant she thought he was so full `his back teeth were awash’ as the expression went.

By the time the dinner had been cleared and their glasses refilled for the Royal toast, Tamzin was so absorbed by the obvious desperation of Duncan and Jeremy that she hardly noticed her own need. They both had their legs crossed just about as tightly as it was possible to, and both had been pressing one hand into their lap regularly. Duncan was keeping his hand there longer each time, and more or less openly squeezing his cock, which was making Tamzin almost breathless with excitement, because she knew that he would only do that if he had no other, more discrete, way of holding his pee.

It was desperately tempting to stare at him all the time, so she didn’t miss one second of his anguish, but on her other side Jeremy was in nearly as bad a state. He wasn’t squeezing his cock, but pushing down hard on it with his fingers bunched, and it was only after he had done this several times that she realised that he was actually trying to push his cock down where he could crush it between his crossed thighs, almost, she supposed, the equivalent of squeezing it. Close up to two men, both more desperate than she had ever seen, she was aroused in a way she had never felt before; she could feel her pulse and breathing increase, and she hoped nobody would notice how excited she was.

Standing to toast the Queen brought a surge of urgency to Tamzin’s bladder, reminding her how badly she wanted to pee, but she tried to put this aside as she watched both the men shudder with the effort of holding their pee, Duncan suffering a particularly frantic need and having to jam his left hand in his trouser pocket and grip his cock. He must have been about to lose control, thought Tamzin, so would he be able to last out the rest of the dinner? Jeremy, slightly more in control of his bladder, managed with only clenched fists and a stifled groan, but as soon as he sat down he was pressing on his cock, wincing with the urgency of his need. Even Tamzin was fighting a desperate urge to pee as she sat down hard on her heel, holding her chair to pull herself down harder on it, doing everything to get her bladder under control so she could concentrate of what was happening around her.

“What about the rest of the diners?” she thought.

As the first speaker stood up, she dragged her gaze away from Duncan’s lap and looked round the tables. The smart woman opposite had her eyes half closed and a very pained expression on her face, while her friend was biting her lip and looking very tense indeed. They were in a bad way, and obviously had not dehydrated themselves enough to cope with their drinking. Even better for Tamzin, a man at the end of the table was looking very distressed, almost gritting his teeth, the epitome of desperation. 

She knew him as David, and she had fancied him, with his cute looks and dark hair, from the moment they had been introduced. Now the gorgeous man was desperate for a pee, the fantasy she had never dreamed would come true. She was in heaven, this was better than she had ever dreamed of, and still more to come. How long would the speeches go on for? At least fifteen minutes, maybe longer; that would be an age for anyone like Duncan, who was already desperate. A groan from him caught her attention, he had both hands in his lap, one gripping his cock, the other trying to cover what he was doing. He must be frantic, she thought, is he going to be able to hold out? And what if he can’t? Will he go in his trousers, or make a run for it? They were not really options for him any more than they were for the women opposite; somehow they had to hang on, prove the theory that you could wait if you really had to.

Tamzin didn’t make any attempt to pay attention to the speeches other than to laugh when the others did and try to look mildly shocked when the joke was too risquй, though she had heard worse at Elmdene. Her attention was entirely on the desperation around her, such an overload of delight that she was having trouble keeping her composure. After the first speech Duncan had given up trying to cover what he was doing and was now gripping his cock with both hands, the grim expression on his face showing how hard he was struggling to hold his pee.

After he had groaned a couple of times, Tamzin, acting the concerned, caring, girl-friend, asked him if he was OK. Typically, and to her despair, he said he was just fine, though he had to speak through clenched teeth.

“Oh Duncan,” thought Tamzin, “if only you could tell me how badly you want to pee, we could have such a wonderful relationship.”

What she would give to hear him admit he was nearly pissing himself, and how she would have liked to help him hold his cock. If only he would talk to her about it afterwards, she would fuck his brains out that night, she was getting so aroused. She turned away to look at her other desperate sights. The two women opposite looked as grim and pained as ever, their hands below table level almost certainly holding their crutch. Gorgeous dark haired David was squiring about, and looked in a terrible state. Not only was he red faced and sweating, presumably with the effort of holding his pee, but he was looking so tense and distressed that Tamzin half expected to see steam (or pee) coming out of his ears. If only she could see what his hands were doing, she thought, though it was pretty obvious that he had to be holding his cock.

Tamzin’s excitement went up another level as she watched him. He really was in a bad way, even worse than Duncan if that was possible. Could his red face be caused by embarrassment because he was actually starting to pee in his trousers? She was almost ready to crawl under the table to watch him and help him hold it. If only she could see, it was driving her crazy to be so close to something she had always dreamed of seeing and to be missing it, she was so sure he had to be squeezing his cock with all his strength, and still not able to keep his pee back. Could he actually be spurting pee into his trousers?? She would have to find some excuse to talk to him when the dinner was over, and look for evidence of leaks.

On the other side of her, Jeremy seemed to have got himself under control with tightly knotted legs and the occasional squeeze of his cock. Tamzin was trying to concentrate entirely on the three desperate men she could see, and trying to ignore her own throbbing bladder she pressed herself down harder on her heel. That did ease her desperation a bit, but it was a dangerous thing to do in her present state, as it was bringing her close to an orgasm, which she would not be able to hide. She forced herself to sit still, took a sip of her drink to calm herself, and concentrated on the men next to her. Duncan was holding himself with both hands, gripping so hard she could see his hands shaking, and while he was trying to sit up and act normally, he was clenching his teeth and looked like a little boy on the verge of tears. 

Tamzin touched his arm and again asked if there was anything wrong, willing him to share his problem with her, longing to comfort him, even help him squeeze his cock, but he shrugged off her concern and looked away, embarrassed by the state he was in. Jeremy did not seem any worse, and was at least partly under control, surviving with tightly crossed legs and only occasionally having to press on his cock. Beyond him, Pauline really did look in a bad way, her shoulder hunched forward, her hands in her lap, or more likely between her legs. Tamzin caught her eye, looked questioningly at her, then put her hands on the table. Pauline shuddered and then shook her head slightly, which told Tamzin that she did not dare take even one hand from pressing between her legs, she was so close to the limit. Disappointingly, David opposite was not looking as frantic as he had been, and she wondered if this was because he had wet himself.

She really could not believe that, but she was going to give his trousers a very close inspection as soon as she could. That chance came almost at once, as the last speech ended and a toast was proposed. As they stood up Tamzin scrambled to get her shoe back on the foot she had been sitting on, clenching her bladder shut, fighting the sudden urgent need, shuddering with the effort it was taking to hold on.

Duncan, his bladder absolutely bursting, had to keep one hand in his trouser pocket, fairly obviously holding his cock, as he stood for the toast, something that Tamzin did not miss, the thrill of seeing just how frantic he was taking her mind off her own bladder pain. She thought Jeremy was also holding himself, but she couldn’t see clearly. The only disappointment was that David was neither holding himself nor had wet trousers. They were very crumpled, so he had probably been holding himself, but must have found some more strength to get himself under control. She marvelled at the effort he had to be making to hold it without showing any sign of strain.

It was the women who were now looking the worst. The pair opposite both looked in serious trouble, with pained, tense expressions and one was biting her lower lip and holding tightly onto the table with her left hand to steady herself because she was standing with one leg pulled up and across the other. There was only one reason why she would stand like that, thought Tamzin, and the other had one hand resting on her stomach (bladder), as one did when you were in agony from having had to hold your pee too long.

As for Pauline, well, Tamzin had never seen anyone looking so desperate and not holding her crutch. Her shoulders were hunched, she was visibly shivering, but not from cold, and her grim expression showed just how hard she was fighting to control her bladder. Her left hand, which she must have been longing to press between her legs, was gripping her thigh, one of those strange actions that Tamzin knew helped you hold your pee without there being any reason why. In fact she was unconsciously doing the same thing to ease her own need to pee, though she was nowhere near as bad as Pauline looked to be.

As soon as the end of the dinner was announced there was a mass exodus, either to the bar and disco, or, more popularly, to the loos. Duncan was off like a shot, now with both hands in his trouser pockets, closely followed by Jeremy, who was managing to hold his pee with only one hand. Tamzin showed she was still in control by not joining the rush, wanting to see who was frantic and had to run or even hold themselves, noting with surprise that in the moments that she had been concentrating on Duncan, Pauline had got halfway to the door.

The entrances to both loos were off a corridor to the back of the hotel, and as she passed the gents Tamzin slowed down to look in the door, which was held open by the crush of men trying to get in. There was a queue inside, as she had hoped, and quite a few men looked as if they were holding themselves, but more surprising was Duncan standing at the wash basin instead of fighting to get to the front of the queue. What she would have given to have been in there, watching the queue, and better, the men pissing like fire hoses, but she could not even linger outside the door without drawing attention to herself.

The Ladies was nearly as crowded, with a queue for each of the four cubicles. Tamzin joined the queue which gave her the best view of the others, crossing her legs hard, and preparing for a long wait. She was really desperate now she was off her foot, and her dress felt very tight across her bladder, which must have swollen with the pee she was holding. In the next line was a really elegant blonde, straight out of Vogue, except she was holding her crutch, pleading to be allowed to jump the queue, but nobody was giving way. Behind her was a petite woman about forty, legs absolutely knotted, leaning forward, gripping her knees, looking ready to start holding her crutch any second.

“If I have to wait much longer my bladder is going to explode,” she confided to Tamzin. “Isn’t it terrible, everyone takes so long when you’re desperate.”

Behind Tamzin, a tarty looking slim blonde woman, wearing tight a black silk trouser-suit, one of the group she thought of as the Footballers’ Wives staggered into the ladies and joined the queue close behind Tamzin, pressing against her as if she was trying to get the queue to move quicker. Groaning the woman twisted round in a circle, keeping her feet fixed, so that her legs were tightly crossed. She pressed her hand between her thighs and talking through clenched teeth, said to Tamzin, “Oh God! I’ve never wanted to pee so desperately in my life, I’m going to do it down my leg any second!”

Pretending to take pity on her desperate plight, Tamzin offered to let her go in front of her in the queue, but her main objective was to get in a position where she could have a better view of the woman’s frantic efforts to hold her pee, while casually demonstrating that she could hold her pee without any problems. The blonde almost pushed Tamzin over in her eagerness to get one place nearer the loo, then, to Tamzin’s delight, bent almost double, legs twisted together, both hands pressing into her crutch; her level of desperation seeming to be even greater than Pauline’s, something that Tamzin would have thought impossible.

Despite the speed that she had left the table, Pauline hadn’t managed to beat the queue either, but she was at the front of her queue, leaning on the door, holding herself with both hands, begging the woman inside to hurry. What disgraceful behaviour for an All Day Girl, particularly their leader, though Tamzin, then, deciding to show off her capabilities, she muttered “Bloody queues, I’ll come back later!” and walked out, hoping to see one last desperate man. No luck, the door of the gents was shut, most of the men were standing at the bar (getting refills for their bladders, thought Tamzin), and the waitresses were clearing the tables. As she walked past where David had been sitting she heard one waitress complain that someone had spilt their drink.

Pausing, she saw a big wet patch on the carpet, and then her acute sense of smell picked up something other than the pervading food and drink odours. Piss! It was unmistakable. David had had to piss on the floor under the table, that was why he had looked in such a state and then seem to recover. It was worth walking about with a bursting bladder to have seen this. She went to join Jeremy, trying not to hop about too much while she talked to him, distracted because she was still staring at David, imagining just how frantic he had been. Was it really possible for a man to pee while he was sitting down? If only she had a boy-friend who would show her.

Duncan, returning with a round of liqueurs, blocked her view, and she was silently cursing him when she saw he had a wet patch round the crutch of his trousers. It wasn’t easy to see on black trousers, but the way the fabric was creased made her certain he had wet himself a bit. She realised now he had been peeing in the wash basin in the gents because he would not have been able to wait in the queue. He must have been leaking either during the last toast, or on the way to the gents. If only she could look forward to a night of sex with him, telling her about his desperation, how he had fought to contain himself, showing her his different holding techniques and how effective they were, saying when he had finally lost control. Then, deciding she had nothing to lose, since she was finishing with him anyway, she moved next to Duncan and asked:

“Has someone spilt some drink on your trousers?”

The way he started, and then blushed and hastily replied, “It must have been in the crush at the bar,” told Tamzin that it was most definitely a pee stain, not spilt drink. Going for broke, she continued, “It’s in a most frightfully embarrassing place, isn’t it? Looks just as if the speeches went on a bit too long for your bladder.”

This really hit a nerve, because Duncan choked on his drink, looked anxiously round to see if anyone else could see his trousers, then hurriedly suggested they went into the disco, where he presumably hoped it would not notice so much in the dim light. Even though her bladder was about to burst, Tamzin prepared to suffer more agony for the chance of adding to Duncan’s misery. He was dancing close to her, hoping to hide the wet mark, and this gave Tamzin the chance to talk while they danced.

“Don’t look so worried, nobody can see the wet patch on this light,” she started re-assuringly, then, as Duncan denied that this was bothering him, continued, “I mean, it’s not as if you have actually pissed yourself, is it? You must have wanted to go pretty badly at the end of the dinner, like I did, but surely not so badly you went in your trousers, like a little boy. Oh Duncan, surely not?” She knew this was going too far, but so what, they were nearly finished anyway, she had nothing to lose.

“I find this conversation absolutely disgusting, so will you please change the subject to something more fitting for an educated young lady,” he snapped haughtily, “I assume it’s too much drink that’s making you behave like a slut, so maybe you had better leave before you really disgrace yourself.”

This was too much for Tamzin. “Don’t talk to me about drinking too much. You’re the one who pissed in his pants. I saw you squirming about, holding yourself, too much beer for both your bladder and your manners, it seems. You’re the one who should leave, before anyone else sees your wet patch.”

With this she turned and walked away, leaving an embarrassed Duncan stranded on the disco floor. It was a great exit line, but more important, she felt she simply could not hold her pee a second longer, it was taking all her control and will-power to walk normally, and once out of the disco she had to put one hand on her throbbing, bulging, bladder, which helped just enough to get her to the ladies without wetting herself.

Thankful there wasn’t a queue any more, she could hardly get her knickers down and sit on the loo before her pee came gushing out. She timed herself, hoping it would be a record, and it was, her longest pee ever, 2 minutes and 18 seconds, and with the pressure she started with, it had to be a record volume as well. This really had been a memorable evening, the best total pee experience of her life. As if the relief of finally emptying her bladder was not enough, she had also finally dumped Duncan and was a free agent for the rest of the evening.

There were some very attractive men about, not least David, who she would love to talk to about spilt drinks at dinner. She had had just the right amount of drink to be able to say exactly what she wanted without caring, but not so much that she appeared drunk, so she was going to enjoy herself as much as she could. In fact, she thought, it might not be a bad idea to appear a bit drunk, because then she would be able to say some outrageous things about men’s bladders, talk about peeing and being desperate, if the chance arose, and blame it on the drink if it wasn’t well received.

She had upset Pauline with her behaviour as she spectacularly disposed of Duncan, but that could be smoothed out later, and Pauline’s parting challenge, “I dare you not to pee again until you get to bed, wherever that is,” could make her evening very interesting indeed. Surely, she thought, it must be possible for a girl to find a presentable man who was interested in desperation, bursting bladders, or pee in general. There was no shortage of them on the Internet, but she wanted to see and feel him for real, not exchange e-mails.

Back in the bar area, she bought herself a pint, deciding that she was going to need something to give her courage if she was going to pick up and fuck some strange man. Not being allowed to pee until she got to bed she was giving herself some incentive to get a man and get him into bed. She tried to adopt a forlorn “little girl lost” look, ignoring the fact that lost little girls did not drink pints of bitter and hoped there might be at least one un-attached man who was not totally repulsive, and preferably had an interest in desperation.
