Queen of the Hills - Episode Four

Author: Splashfics

Part 4

Twelve weeks at Camber Manor had flown by in the blink of an eye. In the final days before everyone disbanded for the Christmas holiday, Ruby found herself cheerily reminiscing about the many ebbs and flows of life in her shared dormitory. A great majority of her memories, naturally, revolved around her roommate and the days-long ebb and minutes-long flow of her amazing, cast-iron bladder. Indeed Cordelia had provided more than a few moments Ruby would remember for a lifetime, and she, like everyone else who had gathered in Connie’s suite to see in the winter break, raised her glass in a toast.

The mood around the room was as buoyant as could be, thanks in part to the well-received donation of an entire keg of beer by none other than Cordelia. She’d been so kind to offer up the spoils of her victory in October’s contest, after it was brought to her attention that she never did bring it home with her back then. Ronnie and Bonnie, who kindly transported her winnings, were of course invited to stay for a while, and they excitedly joined in the festivities.

One other guest of note, who Ruby had also seen little of since freshers’ week, was Connie’s cousin Donnie. Though Lauri had mentioned bumping into him around the residence and on campus now and then, she no longer seemed particularly hot on the tall, curtain-haired boy, and spent most of the evening on the opposite side of the room. Ruby noticed Donnie was trying his luck with everyone else this time around and he had repeatedly come up short, so it was almost comical when in one final attempt at glory, he approached Cordelia with his communal charms.

Perhaps she could have been nicer, but at least she was consistent in rebuffing the advances of any and all admirers to date.

Better men have tried!

With a giggle, Ruby remembered Guy Thatcher and in particular the second defeat he suffered at the hands of Cordelia that night. But unlike the captain of the rugby team, who took his rejection on the chin, Donnie seemed to take it very much to heart and sat brooding in the corner. There was something noticeably off about the way he cut his eyes at Cordelia, and Ruby felt her stomach twisting the longer he continued to stare her way. Almost as if biding his time, he stewed in his seat until, apparently, the moment he’d been waiting for presented itself. Moving with the stealth and swiftness of a preying serpent, he rose out of his armchair and crossed the sitting room, cutting a path behind Cordelia’s turned back on his way towards the keg. Ruby gasped. She couldn’t believe what she thought she’d just seen. But before she could say anything, Donnie was loudly clearing his throat and proposing another toast, having refilled his own glass.

‘Here’s to getting exactly what we want for Christmas, guys!’ he declared, raising a cheer from all around the room...

His words sent a chill down Ruby’s spine and she leapt into action as everyone brought their glasses to their lips.

‘Cordelia, stop!'

Ruby grabbed the glass out of Cordelia’s hand, pulling it away from her and drawing stares from the entire room.

‘He put something in your drink! I saw him!’

Cordelia was incredulous at first, but taking the glass back from Ruby and raising it into the light, she saw the tell-tale residue that confirmed foul play... As the expletives formed in her mouth, Cordelia was beaten to the punch by Connie, who squared up to her cousin in a fit of rage.

‘Donnie!’ she cried, angrily beating at him with her fists before bursting into tears. ‘You... You bastard...’

The party, of course, was over, but one guest wouldn’t be leaving any time soon. While Bonnie comforted Connie, Ronnie made sure her cousin stayed right where he was and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck. Vanessa provided back up and Lauri was sent downstairs to fetch one of the wardens.

A search of Donnie’s room uncovered a stash of myriad illicit substances. Although no further evidence could be found that he’d used them on anybody else, a sudden, chilling realisation dawned on the Lazuli wing girls and in particular, Lauri... He’d struck on their very first night and clearly hadn’t been afraid to strike again.

Cordelia was incensed, perhaps realising how close she’d come to ending up like Lauri. Taking matters into her own hands, she made a phone call and duly brought the full weight of her connections crashing down like a ton of bricks on top of Donnie.

Til make sure that arsehole never sees the light of day again...’

And needless to say, Donnie didn’t return after the holidays.

While Donnie’s expulsion owed a lot to Cordelia taking the initiative, she wouldn’t have been able to act so decisively if Ruby hadn’t done so in the first place. It was therefore no surprise that Ruby suddenly found herself the subject of so much gratitude, from both the residence staff and her peers alike.

After her close call, Cordelia too seemed to develop a new respect for her room mate. Ruby wouldn’t have gone so far as to say they became ‘best friends’, but Cordelia was undoubtedly thankful for what she’d done and in what was a rare gesture of good will, she told Ruby that she’d make it up to her however she liked.

Obviously taken aback by the sudden turn, Ruby was unsure at first what she could ask of Cordelia.

‘I don’t want money... or gifts... or anything like that,’ she said honestly.

‘So pick anything I don’t care, just hurry up... When I say I’ll do something I always see it through— so I don’t want any loose ends.’

And just like that it clicked...

Ruby knew exactly what she wanted, but it took her weeks to build up the courage to come out and ask. Well into the new year, Cordelia was still hounding her room mate and on the final day of term, her patience finally ran out.

Lauri and Vanessa had set off home for the three week Easter break, and Ruby was packing her own bag in order to follow suit. Her train ticket was ready and so was she for the noon thirty departure from Camber Hill Station, but as she made for the door, in stepped Cordelia to put an asterisk on that plan.

‘Don’t think you’re going anywhere without telling me again, Ruby. Come on, I know there’s something, just spit it out and stop being silly...’

Ruby hadn’t expected to run into Cordelia before she left, not having seen her all morning, but she was undeniably pleased and set down her bag.

‘I... Okay, Cordelia,’ she said with a deep breath.

Looking her in the eye, Ruby swallowed, rehearsing the lines in her mind before finally taking the plunge.

‘Okay... I have, erm... It’s a two-part request actually...’

Cordelia didn’t respond, but tilted her head impatiently, implying she simply wanted Ruby to get on with it.

‘Well... It’s a bit weird, but... First I erm, want you to go and pee... Right now if that’s okay?’

Narrowing her eyes, Cordelia looked incredulously at Ruby.

‘...I don’t even have to go... Why on earth do you want me to-’

‘J-just so I know there’s nothing in your bladder before we start,’ Ruby added, now blushing quite openly.

Cordelia stared for a moment then shook her head. She wasn’t about to back out at this point though, having finally managed to get Ruby to open up.

‘Fine, all right,’ she said, turning towards the bedroom and their en-suite.

Ruby’s heart was booming inside her chest. Having Cordelia act on her instruction was quite a thrill indeed, and suddenly she was struck by a brainwave.

‘Actually, wait!’ she called.

Cordelia stopped and stealing past her, Ruby ran to the side of her bed before reaching underneath. She didn’t know where the idea had come from, but acting on a whim, she stood up and gingerly presented Cordelia the chamber pot she’d kept from the previous year.

‘I err.. I forgot to say, you have to use this...’

Ruby could barely look Cordelia in the eye. She feared she might call off the favour entirely and leave her standing there with her arms out, but instead Cordelia narrowed her eyes again. Crucially, she didn’t leave, and so Ruby scrambled to justify herself once more.

‘Just so I err, know you’ve definitely been... But you don-’

‘Fine, whatever. But you tell no one about this... Hand it over...’

With a nonchalance all of her own, Cordelia took the chamber pot and placed it on the bedroom floor.

‘...Don’t know if I’ll even be able to get anything...’ she mumbled, removing her coat and unbuttoning her jeans before slipping them down with her underwear.

Casually squatting over the potty, Cordelia had no problem at all getting going and within seconds she started gushing before Ruby’s very eyes. The noise was incredible... Louder by far than Ruby remembered her own pee in the same potty, and with about as much punch as Vanessa’s, Cordelia almost looked bored as she spent the next minute and a half peeing non-stop. As if it was nothing to her, she filled the entire potty to the brim and had the presence of mind to stop going before it overflowed.

‘This is ridiculous,’ she said, standing up suddenly. ‘I’m using the toilet...’

And as she’d originally intended, Cordelia made her way into the bathroom to finish the job. Hearing her loudly empty out the potty beforehand, Ruby wondered if Cordelia could have filled it another time, as she sat down on the toilet and powerfully peed on for a further couple of minutes.

Her head still spinning long after Cordelia flushed the toilet and exited the bathroom, Ruby was just about able to get a grip on herself in time to explain the second part of her request.

‘So,’ started Ruby, as Cordelia looked at her expectantly. ‘You know how you’re super good at holding your pee? And how, like... no matter what, you always make it to the toilet? And... And you never give up, even if you’re under loads of pressure... b-because your bladder can handle anything?’

Cordelia flicked her hair.

‘Obviously...’

Ruby could tell she’d pulled her in, so went for the kill.

‘Well... The second part of my request is... I want you to hold your pee as long as you can— Longer than you’ve ever held it before... Until... Until you wet yourself for real...’

Cordelia threw her head back.

‘As if! Wet myself? You’re having a laugh, right?’

For a moment Ruby was sure she’d gone too far, but Cordelia seemed more upset by the mere suggestion that she could wet herself, rather than put off by Ruby’s request. She flicked her hair and paced the room for a moment, then turned and cut her eye at her room mate.

‘Aren’t you going home for Easter though? You were on your way out just now weren’t you?’

‘Er, oh yeah...’ replied Ruby, remembering the train ticket still in her pocket. ‘I... Well, I don’t mind cancelling my plans to stay here. If... If you’re up for it?’ Cordelia smirked.

‘I'll show you up for it... Fine, I accept. But I’m not staying here...’

Ruby spent most of the next quarter of an hour sitting alone in a silent daze. Her conversation with Cordelia had seemed like something out of a dream, and while she waited for her room mate to get changed, she wondered if she should risk pinching herself just to be absolutely sure.

A moment earlier, Cordelia had startled Ruby by asking if she was carrying her passport.

'My passport? Wher-’

‘France. Two weeks?

‘But I-’

‘Don’t worry, we’ll figure something out later. Just make sure you’re ready?

Though Ruby had immediately gone and repacked her bag - adding an extra few pairs of knickers in the process - she felt massively underdressed as soon as Cordelia stepped out into the sitting room. To compound this feeling, the next moment they were joined in the suite by the one other girl whose effortless elegance came even close to rivalling Cordelia’s. The exceptionally well-dressed second year, who Ruby had only ever seen a handful of times, turned up at the door and before Ruby knew it, was finally introducing herself.

‘Clara Brunelle...’ she purred, ‘How do you do?’ Clara smiled generously, but it hardly calmed Ruby’s nerves. Thankfully, there wasn’t much appetite for small talk, as without hesitation, Clara went to help Cordelia with her luggage. After a brief whispered exchange, in which, Ruby presumed, Cordelia explained her room mate’s presence, they left and set off down the corridor.

Outside, an all-black Range Rover was waiting on the forecourt. A smartly dressed chauffeur appeared like magic to help the girls load their things into the luxury vehicle, then once they too were all sitting comfortably inside, he entered on the driver’s side and whisked them off at top speed.

Swiftly negotiating the clustered streets of Camber, they were soon cruising down the open motorway and basking in the glow of the early afternoon sun. In the back seat, in the company of two girls whose radiance was only amplified in the light, Ruby felt like an extra on the set of a high-budget film. Clara, addressing her for the first time since leaving the suite, offered her something to drink from a case of refreshments.

‘Ave you ever visited the south of France, Ruby?’

As Clara listened to Ruby’s excited reply with a serene smile, she took a bottle of water for herself and offered one to Cordelia. Her sparkling eyes gave the vague impression she was interested in what she was hearing, and she casually sipped her drink while Cordelia did the same, only without any sign that she was remotely paying attention.

Ruby made light work of her own drink, perhaps owing to her nerves, and in the hour or so it took to reach the airport, she began to feel the pleasant ache of her filling bladder. Expectedly, Cordelia was nowhere near her bladder’s capacity, having so thoroughly emptied it only a couple of hours ago, and she walked confidently into the airport terminal once the car was parked. Hiding her thoughts and eyes behind dark sunglasses, she was typically cool as she and her companions cut through the crowds towards the executive lounge where they would meet the rest of their party.

It was at this point that Ruby began to understand the nature of Cordelia and Clara’s association. As soon as she entered the lounge it struck her that each of the three other members of this exclusive club was as beautiful as any woman or girl she’d ever seen. Shrinking into Cordelia’s growing shadow, Ruby was hesitant to proceed much further than the doorway, feeling more out of place than she had all day, but in response to the inquisitive stares from around the room, her room-mate waved a graceful hand in the air and neutralised everyone’s curiosity.

‘No need to get excited... This is Ruby from my dormitory. She’s coming along as my guest.’

The three girls showed some surprise at what must have seemed an unusual gesture from Cordelia, but in turn they greeted Ruby without going out of their way. Ruby thought it was remarkable just how much of Cordelia she could see in every one of these girls, without any one of them looking exactly alike.

Fleuri Bloom was slender and tall and had a long, golden braid that rested neatly in her lap. She sat twisting the ends of her hair, and Ruby noticed a passive intensity to her face that appeared to be a recurring theme around the room...

Anice Chariot, much like her name, was both strong and elegant. A luxurious mane of curls framed her face, catching Ruby’s eye almost as effectively as her plunging neckline. She seemed to be the most senior member present, and had been leaning over a number of sheets of paper since they walked in.

In slight contrast to the other faces, Ruby had the impression when it came to Chantilly Ayres, that butter truly wouldn’t melt in her mouth. There was a breathtaking innocence about her features, made more potent by her wispy short bob and rose red cheeks. But Ruby could see far enough into the depths of her unassuming gaze, to know that she’d do well not to let down her guard...

After a short brief, delivered by Anice, Ruby was able to gather that the five girls were on their way to a series of special meetings, the details of which were not discussed, and once Anice was finished talking, they moved right along without delay. From check in, to the departure lounge, to boarding the plane, The Beautiful Girls Club (as Ruby was now calling them) moved at their own unstoppable pace. Soon they were strapping into their business class seats and preparing for take off, with Ruby wondering how on earth Cordelia had found the time to pull so many strings at such short notice. It was, Ruby thought, a quite substantial gesture, but apparently to Cordelia it was no more than a formality, and by the looks of it, the same could be said of the other girls, who had so far taken everything in their stride.

Despite the time of day, and the fact they were in the air only a matter of hours, Ruby witnessed her companions go through almost every cocktail on the flight menu. The group’s collective appetite for alcohol was astounding, but before things got out of hand, Anice rose from her seat to remind everyone of their responsibilities.

‘Okay now girls we probably shouldn’t overdo it,’ she laughed, addressing their section of the plane. ‘I want to see sober faces when we land... No more booze until we arrive!'

She herself had indulged as much as anybody else, so when she requested a bottle of water from the drinks trolley in order to sober up, she made sure the others followed suit.

Ruby received a bottle too and still giggling at Anice, she emptied it before the captain announced they’d soon be landing. The illuminated seatbelt signs extinguished their last chance to use the cabin toilets, and while Ruby’s bladder was indeed full enough to need addressing, she was more than happy to keep her needs waiting for the moment; knowing that Cordelia’s bladder was filling at the same rate, it made the mounting pressure all the more exciting to endure...

Whether the bottles of water had any effect, Ruby wasn’t sure, but she saw five girls exit the plane and not one of them looked anything less than pristine. Certainly, in Ruby’s case, the water had affected her, but deciding that she’d wait at least until someone else went to the toilet before she did, she held on tight.

Anice led the way, with Ruby just about keeping pace a couple of strides behind the long-legged quintet. As they breezed through customs and towards their onward transport, it became clear that none of the girls was particularly concerned about stopping before they left the airport. This meant that the next opportunity for a pit stop would be whenever they reached their final destination - however far away that may be.

Do they all have enormous bladders?

Ruby suddenly wondered if such a thing could be... Whether superlative skills in bladder endurance were part and parcel of being a member of The Beautiful Girls Club.

What if it's a prerequisite to get in...

Without a doubt, all five girls had to be above average. Ruby knew she didn’t have the biggest bladder in the world, let alone in her dormitory, but she knew she could comfortably hold onto a fair amount of pee, so the longer they spent on the road, the more she felt herself paling in comparison. She could barely think about drinking anything else, but Cordelia and the others continued to hydrate themselves as casually as could be. While Ruby crossed her legs in silence, they were all comfortably at ease and stayed like that for the duration of the trip.

Hearing no appeals from his passengers, the driver had no reason to call in anywhere on the way to the coast, so for over an hour they drove without stopping and at close to seven in the evening, Ruby and her five beautiful companions finally arrived.

The sight of a perfectly picturesque villa lit up Ruby’s eyes as she watched from the back seats. Backed by the glistening sea and surrounded by lush greenery, the expansive dwelling was exactly where she imagined the girls would be staying and she was more keen than ever to see inside. At this stage admittedly, most of Ruby’s enthusiasm came from the fact she was desperate to pee, and so among other things, she badly wanted to go and visit the residence’s toilets. As much as it shocked and excited her that after so many hours of travelling, she was the only one, she simply had no choice but to throw in the towel the moment they were led inside.

Anice retrieved the keys from a deposit box and swung open the lavish double doors at the top of the steps. Pulling out a sheet of paper, she advised the lay out of the villa and directed everyone to where they needed to go. For Ruby, that was to the left, where the toilet and shower room was located, but for the others it was to the bedroom.

‘We’ve got fifteen minutes, girls. Let’s make sure we’re ready for dinner by twenty past.’

They all turned right, but Ruby alone made a desperate dash in the opposite direction. She crashed through the door at the end of the corridor into an empty room, with a row of showers to the far side and a handful of toilet stalls standing invitingly before her. In no time her sole stream was filling the room with a loud, echoing trill and she felt the weight of the world lifting off her shoulders.

A good minute (and a bit) into the quarter of an hour allotted by Anice, Ruby flushed the toilet, washed her hands and darted over to the other side of the villa where she found the five girls in various states of undress in their large shared bedroom. Cordelia had changed into yet another outfit and it appeared the rest were in the process of following suit. Reading Ruby’s mind, Cordelia pointed towards the wardrobe by the empty bed next to hers.

‘There should be something a bit nicer for you to wear in there!'

Dumbfounded as she was that there should be a full wardrobe of clothes for her, let alone in her size, Ruby decided not to ask any questions and as quickly as she could, she picked something and got dressed.

At twenty past the hour, a new car and driver turned up to escort the girls to dinner. To Ruby’s delight, not a single one of Cordelia, Anice, Fleuri, Chantilly or Clara made any move to go to the toilet on their way out of the villa and they calmly set off along the coast. Despite the hour long drive, Ruby saw no sign that any of the girls’ confidence was misplaced and with just enough time to spare, they pulled into a spacious forecourt beneath a very grand stone structure. Given the building’s fortress-like appearance and the fact that they’d crossed a drawbridge on their way in, Ruby could only conclude that they were about to eat dinner within the walls of a bona fide castle.

How fitting...

Indeed, such locations were expected at this point, but additionally Ruby felt that the thick, impenetrable stone walls were a more than appropriate metaphor for her companions - their bladders seemingly just as impenetrable.

Greeted with a long flute of champagne on the way in and diligently topped up while they waited, it was clear early on that their evening at the castle would be a particularly boozy one. A dozen waiters zipped between the crowds, ensuring that no one was without a full glass at any point. As she watched them working, Ruby noticed the many groups of girls scattered around the hall and how they were all so similarly, yet distinctly dressed in an array of elegant clothes. They possessed as well a certain distinguished air that was becoming all too familiar...

Ruby would soon discover, when everyone was invited to take their seats in the banqueting suite, that Cordelia and her four associates, as well as every other girl in the room, were members of a University society the scale of which she could hardly have imagined. With their circular table making up the entire delegation from Camber Hills, each of the other dining tables was surrounded by numerous delegates from all across the continent. Ruby suspected there were some tables from even further afield, but it was difficult to tell without going around to investigate. It was also difficult to figure out the cause or purpose of their association. Until now Ruby still had no idea what it was these girls did, and at this point she was too afraid to ask, so decided to forget about it for the time being. Besides, dinner was about to be served...

Along with their entrees, the busy waiters carried out ornate jugs and filled each crystal goblet on each table with a generous helping of vibrant red wine. At least Ruby thought it was wine, as a rich flavour set light to her taste buds. She’d never had anything like it before and like the others on her table, she indulged again and again, allowing her goblet to be refilled countless times throughout the course of the meal.

‘You like that, hein?’

Ruby looked to her left to see Clara watching her with a smile and a twinkle in her eye. Swirling her own goblet, she elegantly ran a hand though her hair.

‘It’s come from my home village. We brew it in my family!' she continued. ‘But be careful, hein? It make you pisse!’

Laughing extravagantly, she leant back in her chair. Across from her, Anice smirked and raised an eyebrow, while Chantilly began to giggle. Fleuri smiled, faintly shaking her head, and to Ruby’s right, Cordelia impassively flicked her hair.

Given the state of Ruby’s bladder, she suspected Clara was telling the truth, but this information only highlighted the disparity in bladder strength at the table. Ruby was the only one who refrained from consuming another large helping on top of everything they’d already drunk, and yet she was the first and only one to excuse herself to go to the toilet.

As she left the room, she could only imagine how much pee the five girls she’d left behind were holding between them and when she returned, the same question racked her brain. They sat tight throughout dessert, then the after-dinner announcements, and late in the night, when finally it was time to leave, theirs was the only table that didn’t immediately stampede towards the toilets.

Ruby presumed the entire room must have been holding its collective pee until now as not a single delegate remained at any table. She wondered if she’d been right about the unlikely prerequisites for this society’s members and realised that would mean the Camber Hill delegation was even further ahead of the curve than she’d given them credit.

‘Are we queuing?’ asked Chantilly as she pouted at the mass of girls coalescing into a line.

The growing queue stretched from the hallway back into the banqueting suite and didn’t look like it was going anywhere soon.

‘I don’t fancy it if I’m honest!' replied Anice. ‘Shall we head off?’

Chantilly, Clara, Fleuri and Cordelia agreed that they’d all rather return to the villa instead of waiting in the queue, and although Ruby would have liked to pee again before they hit the road, she allowed herself to be carried along with the tide, so side-stepping the crowd, the six girls made an exit.

With some anguish on the way home, Ruby pictured the scene she’d left behind in the castle toilets.

Oh to be a fly on the wall... Or in a stall...

The ramifications of so many larger-than-average bladders needing to be emptied all at one time were obvious, but as much as she would have liked to witness that almighty bottleneck, the makings of a similar scenario were very much on the cards.

Five minutes down the road and squirming on the back seat, Ruby’s obvious desperation drew chuckles from Clara and Chantilly.

‘You ‘ave to pisse?’ Clara asked, hiding a grin behind her palm.

Though Ruby felt it was more than obvious, she nodded without saying anything, which only brought on further amusement from the two onlookers. Unexpectedly, it also brought sympathy, as through her laughter, Clara showed her own cards in return.

‘I ‘ave to as well!' she said, still chuckling. ‘But... It’s quite a long way to the villa. We ‘ave to be strong, hein?’

Ruby appreciated the encouragement, although despite admitting she needed to pee, Clara didn’t look at all flustered, which was quite confusing, and it soon became clear she wasn’t the only one.

‘What does your family put in that drink, Clara? It’s gone right through me.’

Clara laughed again as Anice joined the conversation. Intriguingly in spite of her words, her voice came across as calm and collected as it had done all day... If Chantilly and Fleuri were in any need themselves, neither of them was showing it either.

Are these girls desperate or not?

Ruby racked her brains, squeezing her knees together in silence while all around her the others continued to casually discuss the diuretic nature of Chateau Brunelle. Their demeanour gave Ruby a sense of deja-vu that, had she not been fighting to keep her knickers dry, she would have noticed reminded her of Cordelia. She too regularly gave off the same unconcerned air when she should have been bursting to pee, and just like on all the occasions when Ruby had secretly wondered what was going through her mind, Cordelia was again giving nothing away. It was a testament to Cordelia’s prowess that Ruby was no longer surprised. As large as their bladders surely were, none of the rest of The Beautiful Girls Club could feasibly hold a flame to Cordelia. This fact made the eventual climax to the evening even more exciting for Ruby, which given the circumstances was quite a feat...

She and the five others had made it back to the villa (Ruby by the skin of her teeth), and four of them joined her in heading straight for the shower room. Occupying the stalls to either side, Ruby was surrounded by four sets of noisy heels as they all manoeuvred into position. All together, like a soft percussion that quickly grew to an almighty crashing crescendo, everyone released their super-stretched bladders.

At first, Ruby kept a similar pace to the other girls; rumbling the water beneath her thighs with a fierce intensity for well over a minute. As her bladder emptied though, and her stream tapered off, four streams rumbled on without looking back, their strength maintaining the same unwavering intensity. For the next minute, none of them eased off even slightly, and Ruby found herself hypnotised by the combined output of the girls’ incredible bladders.

With a hand over her mouth, her eyes gazed from one side of the stall to the other. All four girls had been peeing constantly for the last three minutes and they clearly weren’t ready to stop.

‘Oulala, cafaitpisser! ...I told you, didn’t I!’

Somewhere off to Ruby’s right, Clara was laughing. Though she’d told them all numerous times how potent her family’s special brew was, Ruby could tell from her voice that even she was astonished at how much she was peeing.

‘God... I’ve never peed so much!' Anice then added. 'I knew my bladder was quite full, but this is a bit of a record for me.’

‘Same I think...’ remarked Fleuri casually.

‘Me too!’ giggled Chantilly, who sounded quite excited.

Another full minute flashed by before any one of the girls started to slow down. Fleuri and Chantilly were the first, tapering off over the span of thirty seconds before trickling to a halt. Clara and Anice carried on for the remainder of the minute, intermittently stopping only to start up again for another couple of seconds. Finally they both finished at almost exactly the same time, a few seconds shy of five minutes.

‘That’s so much better...’

The way they were talking, Ruby wondered if the girls had legitimately been in agony in the car. If they had been so desperate, then their efforts to conceal their discomfort were quite phenomenal. That said, when everyone returned to the bedroom to find Cordelia serenely combing her hair on top of her mattress, Ruby remembered the true meaning of ‘phenomenal’.

Other than a short trip to the shower room in order to tend to her teeth and face, Cordelia went straight to bed that night. Ruby hadn’t expected her to crack so soon, but in the context of all she’d seen during the day, she couldn’t help but feel a brand new sense of awe for her Lazuli wing companion.

On day two of Ruby’s odyssey, the girls were free to spend the morning as they pleased, so Anice woke them up early and they took a stroll down to the sandy shoreline behind the villa. The sun was already high in the sky and the temperature warm enough to allow them to wear their swimsuits for the first time, so unsurprisingly, Cordelia held nothing back. Her plunge bikini was eye-catching in its own right, and with her unbuttoned beach blouse whipping elegantly in the breeze, she was quite a sight. Ruby for one, couldn’t take her eyes off her, but

Cordelia’s swaying bust wasn’t the only thing that had caught her attention that morning. Further down, below Cordelia’s navel and rising unmistakeably out of her safari shorts, Ruby noticed a distinct protrusion that was at odds with her otherwise slender midriff.

Her bladder is showing!

Indeed the result of holding her pee for nearly twenty four hours was clear to see. Even if her face seemed unaffected by the water, cocktails, champagne and near endless servings of Chateau Brunelle she’d consumed since yesterday, Cordelia’s body was telling another story. It drove Ruby wild to think her emotions could be so at odds with what was so obviously building beneath the surface, and feeling unusually bold she threw caution to the wind. Moving out of earshot of the others, she sidled up to Cordelia and under the guise of wanting to check in on her, asked if she was feeling desperate at all.

‘Desperate? Do I look desperate? Of course I'm not?

‘But..? Ruby then replied, all too conscious of the fact Cordelia’s bladder was quite literally bulging, ‘Don’t you need to pee at all? I mean... Can’t you feel anything?1

‘Seriously, Ruby, you’re really weird, do you know that?’

For a short while, Cordelia walked in silence with her arms folded.

'I suppose I can feel it, but I don’t need to pee, if that answers your question...’

Ruby bit her lip and nodded. She’d heard more than enough and kept silent from then on, replaying Cordelia’s words in her head. Every so often her eyes would drift downwards and she’d steal a side-eyed glance at her body. How Cordelia could so brazenly claim not to need to pee when her bladder looked the way it did was maddening in the best way, and all morning long Ruby revelled in the pleasure.

At a certain point, Cordelia had slipped off her shorts in order to wade out into the water with the rest of the group. Again Ruby’s eyes were entranced by the way the seam of her bikini bottoms pressed so tellingly into her skin. Ruby knew that a day and a half without peeing was merely a drop in a bucket by Cordelia’s lofty standards, but seeing what it meant in real terms gave her an entirely new perspective.

Cocktails at lunch, courtesy of Clara, ensured that Cordelia’s bladder would continue to swell throughout the afternoon and into the evening. Ruby had been keeping a close eye on her and noticed that she’d decided to button up her blouse after finishing a third large wine spritzer. Considering that Ruby had had to excuse herself to pee copiously after only two, it suggested a lot of extra volume had entered Cordelia’s bladder. She kept her body under wraps however and by bedtime, she once again skipped using the toilet to go straight to sleep...

A burning curiosity gripped Ruby each morning she woke up next to Cordelia and her secretly swelling bladder. Every day that passed, Ruby knew it was growing fuller and fuller and therefore larger and larger, but much like her emotions which she kept constantly in check, Cordelia was no longer quite so keen to display her body for all to see. Ruby suspected as much based on the more loosely fitting clothing she chose to wear from day three onwards, but also found it suspicious that Cordelia began waking up earlier than usual and going to the showers alone.

On day five, Ruby found herself startled awake as Cordelia was slipping out of her sheets in the early morning. Making sure to keep completely still so as not to be noticed, she watched as Cordelia collected her things and swiftly left the room. On a wild whim, Ruby decided in that moment to slip out of her sheets herself and silently follow Cordelia all the way to the shower room. Listening from the hallway, she waited for her to turn on the water and gave it a minute before quietly pushing open the main door. At the far end of the room, Ruby caught sight of Cordelia’s bare back disappearing behind one of the shower curtains.

What am I even doing?

She tiptoed closer, unsure what she intended to do, yet acting on an impulse beyond her control. Cordelia was under the water now and Ruby mere metres away. She crept closer and closer until the curtain was within arm’s reach, but she didn’t dare pull it aside... With a start however, she realised that if she looked closely, there was already enough of a gap between the curtain and the dividing wall for anyone to see right inside. It felt so wrong, but Ruby was no match for her relentless curiosity and she eagerly placed her eye over the steaming crack.

Cordelia was standing there with her back turned. Hot water was running over her shoulders and down her body like a sculpted goddess beneath a fountain.

What am I doing?

Again Ruby searched her conscience, but not finding an answer she breathlessly continued to stare as Cordelia allowed the water to soak into the other areas of her skin. She dipped a shoulder and stretched her neck, then slowly pivoted underneath the water, tilting her head back as she turned completely around. A cascade of water tumbled and splashed over the glistening front of her body, making an already imposing chest look even more devastating, but just like on the beach, Ruby’s eyes were ignorant of everything the second they witnessed the incredible sight that was Cordelia’s bladder. Holding five days worth of pee, it now looked enormous from the outside and had stretched to fill almost the entire lower half of her torso. The giant, protruding mound looked as solid and smooth as polished marble and Ruby struggled to understand how Cordelia could look so untroubled in spite of it all.

But suddenly Cordelia did frown, and she squinted towards the gap between the wall and shower curtain.

‘Ruby? What the hell are you doing?’

Ruby froze. She knew she was done for and thought for a moment to pull down her shorts and pretend she’d come in to take a shower herself, but abandoning this idea she sidled to one side and began bumbling an explanation.

'I, I was just. I heard you leave the bedroom and I was ch- just checking that you weren’t g-getting up to go and pee! I’m sorry for spying on you!’

All of a sudden the shower curtain crashed open.

‘Pee in the shower? I would never..!'

Completely naked and with the water still running, Cordelia stepped out of the shower cubicle to square up to Ruby.

‘Didn’t I tell you... When I say I’ll do something, I always do. Don’t think my word is so cheap..!'

Ruby shook her head.

'I'm sorry, I got worried and I panicked... It’s been five days and err... It’s just so hard to believe sometimes...’

Unable to look Cordelia in the eye, or anywhere else, Ruby stared at her feet, though once again she caught a glimpse of her bladder and her gaze lingered automatically. Cordelia, whose eyes were fixed on Ruby’s, noticed this.

‘Ruby, you can clearly see my bladder isn’t empty.’

She flung open her arms, aggressively inviting Ruby to look at her body. Without hesitation Ruby raised her head, now staring wide-eyed at Cordelia’s gleaming loins and was entirely unable to hide her bewilderment.

As she continued to stare, Cordelia’s mood seemed to lighten a great deal and she began to smirk. Evidently, she was satisfied that Ruby now understood she wasn’t a quitter.

‘Okay that’s enough. I’m going to finish my shower. Is there anything else you want?’

‘Erm... No... No thank you,’ Ruby replied, her eyes still rooted on Cordelia as she stepped back inside the shower cubicle.

Realising that she was still staring, she shook her head apologetically and looked away.

‘S-sorry for peeking...’

Cordelia sniffed nonchalantly.

‘Forget about it. It’s really no big deal...’

And with that she closed the curtain with one rapid motion of her wrist.

Despite Cordelia’s words to the contrary, what happened in the showers was quite a big deal indeed to Ruby. In literal terms, she couldn’t get over her shock at seeing the enormous size of Cordelia’s bladder in its full glory. That Cordelia could bear to hold such a massive load without any obvious desperation was already astounding, but as they approached the weekend, it was beyond Ruby where she was continuing to find the space.

Friday was the seventh day since Cordelia had started holding her pee, and as she and the four other beautiful girls readied themselves for another fancy gathering, she was still resolutely holding it all in. Ruby had no reason to doubt her resolve, especially given what she knew, but when everybody was dressed, she noticed Cordelia alone remained in the bedroom.

‘Ruby, go and give her a nudge will you? The driver’s going to be here any minute.’

At Anice’s request, Ruby returned to the bedroom to find Cordelia halfway into a long black dress, with several other dresses strewn about her. From the sound of her mumbling she didn’t seem happy at all and Ruby caught her just as she appeared to run out of patience.

‘Everything okay?’ Ruby asked, gingerly expecting her question to be met with a barrage of scorn.

Cordelia however took a deep breath, exhaled, then replied as calmly as she could.

‘Everything’s fine..!'

With a decisive tug, she firmly closed the zip at the back of her dress and turned to pick up a large, thin shawl. Even from behind, Ruby could tell the dress Cordelia had chosen was running extremely tight on her, but as she turned, she noticed how the material around her bladder was stretched almost to breaking point. Her face didn’t show it, but as far as Ruby was concerned, there was no way Cordelia wasn’t feeling the immense pressure bearing down on her midriff.

‘Right, let’s go.’

Flicking her hair as she passed, Cordelia strutted into the corridor. Ruby scampered after her and joined her and the others as their transport made its timely appearance outside.

Dressed up to the nines, the six girls were more than ready for another soiree at the castle. This time they were attending a night of ballet, and while Ruby was excited to witness the first live performance of her life, she grew even more excited having seen Cordelia squeeze herself into such an unreasonably tight dress for the occasion... Sitting across from her in the car, the large hill in her lap was unmistakable, and with the seatbelt stretched so tightly around it, it was clear early on that Cordelia’s bladder was in for a taxing time. The Sleeping Beauty, according to Fleuri, was one of the world’s longest ballets, and as Clara cracked open a bottle for the road, every one of their bladders would likely be bursting in no time.

As anticipated, Ruby could have peed the moment she set foot inside the castle. Instead of slipping off to the toilets though, there was the important matter of buying refreshments at the drinks kiosk. The offer of a bottomless chalice was one that none of them could resist and Cordelia, like everyone else in their group, swept forward to collect her drink without any hesitation. Regardless whether there was even space in her bladder for the contents of such a large glass, Ruby was unsure there was enough space inside Cordelia’s dress for her bladder itself. Inadvertently flashing her figure every time she rearranged her shawl, Cordelia’s midriff had clearly not stopped swelling, and to Ruby’s excited eye, it looked as though she could burst right out of her clothes at any moment.

As they were ushered to the balcony where they would find their exclusive seats, Ruby’s gaze remained locked on Cordelia. She was seated to her right, and from the moment the lights dimmed for the prologue, until the first interval, Ruby owlishly scrutinised her every movement almost as much as she did those of the ballerinas on stage.

More than a few times during the first phase of the performance, Cordelia crossed, uncrossed and re-crossed her legs, giving Ruby the distinct impression that she was in some discomfort, but when the lights came up, she flicked her hair, placed both of her feet squarely on the ground and stood up like everybody else.

While a number of others had flocked to the facilities, by the end of the interval, Cordelia had not and she expectedly returned to her seat with a re-filled chalice.

The first and second acts - each thirty minutes long - were punctuated by another interval, during which Cordelia again had her chalice refilled and again neglected to join the queue to the castle’s toilets.

Over the course of the spectacle, which had now exceeded two hours in length, Cordelia had had no less to drink than anyone else in their group, yet entering the third and final act, she retook her seat as casually as she had done the very first time. Under the cover of darkness however, Ruby watched as the frequency of her leg-crossing began to increase. Over and over she switched the positions of her legs and seemed to be fidgeting in her seat throughout the forty minute climax.

As uncomfortable as she looked though, her face was as tranquil as could be as soon as the lights were raised, and it wasn’t Cordelia who raced to the toilets like a madwoman at the first opportunity.

Although she’d bravely managed to hold her pee the entire way through, Ruby’s bladder could take no further punishment and she desperately joined the queue of girls in the corridor.

For once, Ruby could say that she was the one to cause a scene in a public toilet... So full was her bladder by the time she entered a stall, that her eventual release was more prolonged than ever before in her life. Just like the girls she idolised, she was now the endlessly peeing stranger and she out-peed no less than three other occupants before she was finished.

One hundred and twenty six!

It was an all new record... Ruby’s heart was booming. She’d never taken such a long pee, and could only put it down to the circumstances of the night. But the circumstances were hardly limited to her. Cordelia’s bladder had endured the very same punishment and had been on the verge of exploding before they’d even left the house, so as she and the rest of the group left to head for the castle exit, Ruby’s mind could only continue to boggle.

Deciding that they’d stop along the coast for dinner, it was well after midnight before the girls made it back to their villa. Not unexpectedly when they returned, they brought with them their long-suppressed desire to relieve their bladders, having not used a toilet the entire time they were out.

As everyone but Cordelia took a left at the junction of the corridor, Ruby decided she’d further postpone her own relief and follow her room-mate directly to the bedroom. While she pretended to busy herself in her sack of toiletries, one bed across from Ruby, Cordelia threw off her shawl and attempted to zip herself free from her dress.

Ruby took advantage of Cordelia’s turned back to watch freely as she manoeuvred her arms behind her, but she seemed to be having some trouble and in due course she lost her temper.

‘Oh for F-’

Throwing both arms up in protest before immediately calming back down, Cordelia turned about the room as if double-checking it was empty. Suddenly noticing Ruby stood right behind her, her face flashed with surprise for a second, but the next moment her expression changed to one of disgruntled resignation. With a roll of her eyes, she sighed and turned back around.

‘Give me a hand with this, will you..?

Waiting for Ruby to come around the bed and assist her, Cordelia impatiently placed her hands on her hips. As Ruby timidly advanced, she realised that she’d never once laid a hand on her room-mate, and very soon her hands were beginning to shake.

Inches away from Cordelia, Ruby stood rooted to the spot, her palms hovering in mid air.

‘What are you doing? Just pull it!' complained Cordelia after a while.

Ruby scanned the back of the dress for the zip and she quickly found it, but she was shocked to also discover that the zip’s seam had completely torn and Cordelia’s bare back was visible through frayed black strands all the way down.

‘C-Cordelia, your dress is really torn...’

Ruby stepped back in shock, while Cordelia spun around in a futile attempt to see with her own eyes.

‘Sod it then!' she finally declared, slipping her shoulders out one by one, then violently yanking at the dress to free herself once and for all.

Though it took a few tugs, getting the dress down over her breasts was relatively easy compared to the difficult task of negotiating her waist and hips. Gripping the material tightly with both hands, Cordelia yanked it downwards with great force, but it was going nowhere. The extent to which her bladder had grown was such that there was simply no getting past it; at least not without a fight...

Tug after tug, as the crest of the bulge was painstakingly uncovered, Ruby wondered how much extra pressure it must have been putting on Cordelia’s bladder. Writhing and wiggling with unwavering determination, a grimace had spread across her face and her breathing was becoming more and more strained. But just when Ruby thought she should perhaps offer to go and find a pair of scissors, the sound of an almighty rip signalled that Cordelia had won the battle and her dress came sliding down. She gasped and stumbled forward onto her bed.

‘Are you okay?’ cried Ruby.

‘I’m fine. Leave me alone,’ Cordelia replied, swatting away her advance.

Ruby watched for a moment as Cordelia caught her breath and regained her composure. With a sniff and a customary flick of her hair, she stood up straight once again. As if trying to make believe nothing had happened, she quietly slipped on her night shirt, collected her toiletry bag and then made for the door.

Ruby followed after her, keen to keep watching, but also conscious that her own bladder was on the brink. They entered the shower room to find Fleuri washing her hands, and Chantilly exiting one of the toilet stalls. The sound of Clara and Anice still peeing was very loud and very obvious, and eyeing Cordelia’s face, Ruby wondered if she’d have any reaction to the ongoing din. Other than rolling her eyes and again flicking her hair however, she took no notice and joined the two girls at the sinks.

Ruby, on the other hand, was moments away from wetting herself and dashed into one of the available stalls to finally answer the call of nature.

By no means beating her earlier effort, she nonetheless gave a respectable account of herself, but as a reminder of the company she was keeping, Ruby was still out-peed by both Clara and Anice, who flushed their toilets a good few seconds after she’d left her stall and was lining up at the sinks.

Loudly expressing their relief as they always did after a big pee, it was interesting for Ruby to note the hint of irritation in Cordelia’s face via her reflection in the mirror. She was clearly annoyed and was no longer hiding it, so hastily wrapping up her business at the sinks, she left the room.

‘Is something the matter with her?’ asked Anice, looking at Ruby.

‘Erm... J-just a stomach ache, I think...’

Ruby’s half-truth sufficed to cover Cordelia for the time being, but an increasingly sour mood and permanently scrunched brow would soon make it obvious to everyone that there was more to her behaviour than met the eye...

In the following days, Cordelia steered clear of the body-con in favour of more body-comfortable attire as she recuperated from her ordeal at the ballet. The high waist and loose cut of capri pants offered a great deal more room for her bladder to stretch into than previously available, but Ruby could tell from the look on her face that in spite of it all, she was by no means at ease.

On Sunday night, nine days after her last pee in the dormitory, Cordelia and Ruby sat together on the poolside. Clara and Chantilly were enjoying a late swim, while Anice and Fleuri were inside the villa preparing for the week ahead. Naturally, Cordelia’s legs were crossed and had been for the past hour since they sat down. Ruby was dying to know exactly what was going through her mind, but well aware that they’d barely exchanged a word all day, she maintained the silence and occasionally stole a quick glance or two.

Only once had she ever seen Cordelia so wound up and that time too, she’d gone nine days without peeing. Unlike that time however, when Camber Manor’s pipes had mercifully been repaired, there was no such salvation on the horizon. Cordelia’s confidence had marched her to the precipice and surely, thought Ruby, she’d go tumbling over the edge any day now...

Clara and Chantilly had drifted over to the far side of the pool and appeared sufficiently engaged in conversation for Ruby to seize upon the moment of privacy. As Cordelia re-crossed her legs for possibly the hundredth time, Ruby licked her lips and took a deep breath.

‘D-do you need to pee?’

Though she’d whispered them, it felt like Ruby’s words were still echoing long after she closed her mouth. Cordelia flinched, but she didn’t reply, instead flicking her hair and looking the other way.

‘It’s okay, really. You can tell me... Come on, Cordelia... Please?’

Still facing away, but now cutting her eye through the gap in her hair, Cordelia glared threateningly at Ruby.

'I swear, Ruby...’ she mumbled, before composing herself. ‘What do you think?’

‘Well...’ replied Ruby, ‘I... can’t tell, to be honest...’

Cordelia continued to cut a curious eye, and Ruby took this as her cue to elaborate.

‘Because... you see... well, the day after we got here, you said you could feel something in your bladder... and that was one day after you peed in the dorm...’

‘So?' Cordelia snapped, ‘What are you getting at?’

‘J-just, well...’ Ruby stammered, blushing, ‘I remember the time we moved into the dorm and you waited all weekend, to pee... Then during freshers, you held it basically the entire week, a-and it’s not like I’m keeping track of you or anything, but you didn’t look like you could feel anything in your bladder either of those times...

But... if you’re saying you could?1

Cordelia smirked.

‘There’s a difference between needing to go and actually going, you know? Just because I can, doesn’t mean I must... I’m not a child...’

‘S-so... When do you normally feel like you can, or could go?’

‘Oh my god Ruby, you’re obsessed! I don’t know... Two, three days?’

‘And then you just hold it in?’

‘If I have to, yeah... If not, then no.’

‘Really?1 asked Ruby, as if the concept of Cordelia not holding in her pee was completely alien.

‘Yes, Ruby... Occasionally I have certain things to do, places to go... It’s more... practical I suppose.’

At this point Cordelia ran a hand through her hair and shifted her gaze elsewhere.

‘Oh I get it,’ said Ruby brightly, ‘Like having one less distraction on your mind, right?’

‘No,’ snapped Cordelia, irritatedly narrowing her eyes and crossing her arms, ‘you saw what happened to my dress on Friday... I prefer not to have to replace my nicest things every five minutes, that’s all...’

‘Oh...’

Ruby was in awe and spent the next few minutes wondering what it must have taken for

Cordelia to develop such a phenomenal level of willpower.

Something must be driving her... What on earth could it be?

Wanting to continue her probe into Cordelia’s psyche, but wary of pushing too hard lest Cordelia push back, Ruby hesitated to ask any further questions for the time being, but she imagined what might have happened before they met to create the girl sitting beside her today. Curiously, the memory of Sadie came to mind at that moment. Connie’s friend, with her peculiar connection to Cordelia, was the only link to a mysterious past.

Looking at Cordelia, her secrets were likely locked up as tightly as her crossed legs and folded arms. Whatever it was motivating her, it was strong enough to keep her resolve burning steadily on the horizon of a tenth day without peeing.

It was as long as she’d lasted during reading week.

But how much longer can she keep this up?

As Cordelia hurled herself into the final days of their holiday, it truly felt as if she believed she could go the entire two weeks without once using a toilet. Ruby had anticipated that at this critical milestone, her resilience would finally start to wane in earnest, but the unreasonable might of her willpower endured.

With a maniacal determination, she held her bladder throughout Monday and on into Tuesday. Wednesday came and went, and by Thursday evening, her silent, secret struggle continued.

The girls had spent the previous days touring the French coast, spending their nights in a trio of hotels and returning, exhausted to their villa as the sun began to dip below the horizon.

Sitting over a dinner of pizza and wine, it was perhaps to Cordelia’s fortune that they ate by candlelight that night.

‘Cordelia... Are you coming down with something?’ asked Anice from across the patio table.

For quite some time, Cordelia appeared to have been grimacing more intensely than at any point during the day, though in the flickering light it could have been the shadows playing on her face. Ruby thought she saw her wince a moment ago, and now suddenly in response to Anice’s question, she made a blatant effort to neutralise her expression.

‘I’m fine...’ she replied flatly.

‘Is it your stomach again?’

'My what? No... I said I’m fine!'

With another wince, Cordelia pursed her lips and pushed out her chair.

‘I’m going to bed. Night...’

She left the table and skulked inside, moving with the tell-tale steps of a person dangerously close to the brink. Ruby’s mouthful of pizza went unswallowed as she watched her disappear through the screen door. Astonishingly, Cordelia had managed to pull the wool over everyone’s eyes again, as they all quickly resumed eating, but Ruby knew better. She knew, when after wolfing down the last of her margherita and dashing into the bedroom, that the writhing heap underneath the covers was not ‘fine’ at all.

Ever since her bladder had passed the threshold of ten days, it had become increasingly difficult for Cordelia to discreetly manage her discomfort. There was only so much she could hide behind her dark sunglasses, as during each day of their mini-excursion more and more of her suppressed emotions came spilling out. On this thirteenth night, the pressure to save face in front of her peers was more than she could stand to endure. In the end she’d resorted to hiding herself away entirely, but it could only be a temporary solution. Sunrise was soon upon her and before she knew it, she would be facing the fourteenth day.

Friday evening was the final gathering in the two week itinerary of the girls’ enigmatic society. Like the Fridays before, the castle again played host to dozens of elegant delegates as they capped off their stay in France with a grand ball.

Having overheard how lavish the final party was going to be, Ruby couldn’t help but imagine the girls too would dress up as finely as they’d done for the ballet. She wondered what Cordelia’s bladder would look like were she to squeeze it into the same figure-hugging dress she’d worn that night. Surely, she thought, it would have been impossible. Nothing in her wardrobe could feasibly have stretched to accommodate such a wildly distended midriff, so it was no surprise that ultimately she bypassed her wardrobe entirely.

Wrapping herself in an enormous cloth, Cordelia fashioned herself a toga-like dress that stylishly diverted the eye away from her bulging waistline. Focusing attention on her equally overflowing neckline, it was a master stroke of ingenuity and no end of endurance as she gritted her teeth and completed the outfit in time to leave.

No one but Cordelia could have managed to look so much like a goddess while at the same time holding two weeks worth of pee inside her bladder.

The moment she stepped onto the castle grounds that evening, it was as if everything that year had led up to this final act of defiance. Where her knees had seemed weak only hours earlier as she’d stood bobbing over her unfinished dress, suddenly, in front of the eyes of the scores of elegant guests, she walked with unnerving confidence. Where her lips had previously been pursed in a vice between her teeth, they now pouted freely and comfortably, with no sign of distress to be spotted anywhere on her face. With her shoulders back and her chin high, Cordelia was unstoppable. Ruby could have fallen at her feet she was so struck by the power of her aura.

As though she’d taken a colossal breath at the beginning of the night, Cordelia appeared unwilling to let the tension escape from her body.

Perhaps, wondered Ruby, if she had let go, she would have lost complete control.

Perhaps...

But as the castle filled with bodies and the ball got into full swing, such a possibility became more and more unthinkable. Even with the infectious rhythm of the performing acts whipping the entire hall into a frenzy, Cordelia’s posture remained unbroken. As tempted as she would typically have been to take to the dance floor with the others, she resisted. On the surface, she made it look as if she was simply uninterested in joining in, but Ruby knew she most likely couldn't - not without giving herself away with suspiciously erratic movements.

The endless fountains of refreshments, invitingly dotted about the room, also went untouched by Cordelia. It was another glaring sign that she was at her limit, turning down every one of the drinks offered to her and holding on to a solitary goblet of wine throughout the night. In spite of how long it took her, that she even managed to empty her goblet was a source of the most intense amazement to Ruby.

Chateau Brunelle no less... Gosh, no wonder she only had one!

The two goblets Ruby consumed were a striking reminder of how potent Clara’s family brew could be, when towards the end of the night she left the toilets feeling a gallon lighter.

As ever though, she was the only one of their group to use the castle’s facilities. Once again, her five companions made it through to the end without a single one of them breaking the seal and extraordinarily, Cordelia could again count herself among this number. Unlike each and every time this had happened before however, tonight, events would unfold in a very different way.

As the sextet of girls descended the floors of the castle, Cordelia maintained her almost regal air, showing no weak side to any passer-by on the way to the courtyard and their awaiting vehicle. She resolutely held herself taut as one by one they entered the car and slammed the doors shut. Sitting next to her on the back row, Ruby fastened her seatbelt, but noticed Cordelia did not follow suit. In fact, upon taking her seat she’d immediately crossed her legs, and as soon as the final door was sealed, she exhaled as if for the first time all night. Grabbing tightly to the fine fabric of her dress, she seemed to crumple inwards, squeezing her crossed thighs together like she was fighting an immense wave of inner pressure.

Ruby’s eyes were wide and wild. Cordelia had slumped to one side and seemed to be grimacing into the corner. It was the first time she’d so openly shown this sort of desperation and Ruby was stunned. For Cordelia to discard her airs so completely, it left no doubt that she was more desperate than she’d ever been before, and even as her writhing thighs exposed more of her leg than she perhaps intended via the slit in her dress, it didn’t seem to make any difference. Not even when it became patently obvious to Ruby that Cordelia wasn’t wearing any underwear did she feel it would have convinced her to sit up straight.

Suddenly, Clara looked over the back of her headrest, having picked up on the strange rustling coming from behind.

‘You ‘ave to pisse, Cordelia?’

Finally, thought Ruby, someone had said it. In truth though, it couldn’t have been more obvious and this time, not even Cordelia had the gall to deny it.

‘It’s fine!' she replied, trying her best to sound untroubled, 'I can... hold it just fine...’

Astoundingly, despite all the evidence to the contrary, Clara was satisfied by Cordelia’s reply and immediately dropped the matter. It seemed neither she, nor the others felt it necessary to second guess what, for them, must have been the norm, so on they went without anyone asking again. Ruby could hardly believe it, but Cordelia’s reputation certainly did precede her...

And so strong was her reputation that even the incredible sight as she rolled out of the car was not enough to raise an eyebrow. Bent nearly in two, Cordelia limped up the steps and inside the villa, with Ruby keenly following behind her.

Having opened up about her need to pee, Ruby wondered if she might finally call an end to her staggering, two-week hold and turn left this time when the other girls headed for the toilets, but of course, Cordelia turned right. Once again she’d decided to neglect going for a pee before bed and as she struggled to undo her golden sandals, she ultimately decided against changing into her night clothes too, abruptly flinging herself underneath the covers still wearing her dress.

Between herself and Cordelia, Ruby wasn’t sure who ended up with less sleep. As much as Cordelia tossed, turned, writhed and moaned throughout the night, Ruby went through a similar range of emotions in her own bed. The temptation to give herself another reason to moan was lessened slightly by the presence of the others inside the room, but it took nearly everything Ruby had to resist.

An early flight meant an extra early departure from the villa on Saturday morning. Ruby hadn’t brought many things, but she made sure she was up early enough to get everything packed in time to set off by nine.

It was no surprise at all that Cordelia was the last one to surface that morning. While everyone had been frantically zipping around the villa, she’d remained planted underneath her duvet and it was only when Anice announced the imminent arrival of their transport that Ruby was sent to rouse her room-mate.

‘Hey, Cordelia...’ she whispered softly at her bedside, ‘Come on, we’ve got to go. The car will be here soon...’

Ruby braced herself as from under the covers Cordelia suddenly jerked awake. With a tremendous groan, it seemed as though in that moment every bit of desperation, kept at bay while she was sleeping, came rushing back all at once. She continued to groan and rolled over onto her back before pulling her sheets in between her legs.

‘A-Are you okay?’ gasped Ruby, wondering if she should help her get her things together.

'I'm... fine...’ Cordelia growled and she threw herself out of bed.

Ruby stood back, watching curiously as she fell about, haphazardly gathering up her belongings. Quite impressively, she was able to finish the job in a matter of minutes, but by the time Clara appeared at the bedroom door to tell the girls their car had arrived, Cordelia still hadn’t changed out of her dress from the night before.

Without wasting a second, she wriggled herself free and after a quick rummage through her bag, managed to lay hands on a simple tube dress. Pulling it over her head and down over her hips and thighs, its elastic material clung to her body in the most revealing way. Ruby could already picture the stares — her giant bladder was practically bursting out it was so noticeable under the thin fabric. Fortunately for Cordelia though, the addition of a large, baggy jumper was enough to cover this and finally, slipping on a pair of plimsolls and her trusty dark sunglasses, she was ready to leave.

Limping out onto the driveway, Cordelia could barely separate her knees as she made her way to the car. Clara again asked her if she was okay and once more took her word for it when she bluntly responded she was ‘fine’. It really shouldn’t have been even remotely believable, but Cordelia took her seat at the back alongside Ruby and with her arms and legs locked, she managed to endure another hour-long trip to the airport.

Once there, she toiled through check in, through customs and through boarding and on the stroke of noon, she and the other girls were strapping themselves in for take off. Of course it took slightly longer for Cordelia to fasten her seatbelt, as she had to loosen it several times to accommodate her protruding bladder, but even after she’d found the best configuration, she continued to fidget in her seat long into the flight. In particular, Ruby noticed, whenever there was turbulence, she would jolt sharply and suddenly. Given the afternoon’s weather conditions, the turbulence was bad enough for Ruby and the others as well, but, she imagined it must have been one hundred times worse for her neighbour. Fortunately for them all, before long the small plane had landed and they were soon safely back on British soil. Incredibly, Cordelia had made it to the south of France and back without using the toilet a single time. She’d held her bladder for two weeks straight and still even now, racked with desperation, she refused to quit...

Anice, Chantilly and Fleuri were taking a separate vehicle on to their final destinations, so having collected their bags, the girls embraced and said their goodbyes in front of the airport. Clara, who was accompanying Ruby and Cordelia back to Camber Hills, took her seat in (what seemed to be) the same all-black Range Rover that had first collected them, and the remaining trio zipped off down the motorway.

Like she’d done on the outward journey, Clara quickly offered both Ruby and Cordelia a bottle of water from the car’s case of refreshments. Mentioning how dehydrated she was after the flight, she didn’t hesitate to take a bottle herself, but when Cordelia suddenly recoiled, she stopped and stared.

Though Cordelia’s eyes were still hidden behind her sunglasses, it was obvious to Ruby that she had them firmly squeezed shut as she winced and writhed in her seat. Clara frowned quite animatedly, but before she could say anything, Cordelia was again telling her she was ‘fine’. The concern on her face evaporated in an instant and with a smile, Clara proceeded to drink, oblivious of Cordelia’s plight.

The car eventually made its way onto Camber’s narrow streets, before climbing into the hills and up the winding road to Camber Manor. Ruby’s heart raced at the realisation that they were finally, properly back. She had never expected Cordelia to last this long, let alone to make it all the way back to the residence...

Clara kindly assisted in bringing their luggage up to the Lazuli wing, which fortuitously allowed Cordelia to shuffle up the stairs without undue strain on her bladder, but as she stood at the door, waiting impatiently for her chaperone to go away, it seemed Cordelia was not yet out of the woods.

She was clearly bursting to pee, but despite the way she squirmed and bobbed and wrapped her thigh like a vine around her standing leg, she didn’t cut short their conversation. Several times Clara even stopped mid-sentence to confirm that Cordelia didn’t want to go and take care of her needs, but yet again, Cordelia refused, insisting that she finish. All the while, Ruby stood just inside the sitting room, watching Cordelia’s back with intense interest. Every minute that she remained locked in conversation, her desperation increased exponentially. Like a prisoner in the stocks with her head through the front door, her writhing rear end told the story that her face couldn’t, and by all accounts, she looked to be entering the final chapter.

At long last, Ruby heard Clara say ‘tchiaou’ from behind the door frame, then shortly after there came the sound of her footsteps heading down the hallway. Cordelia’s body seemed to tense in response and she pushed her head further through the gap, evidently seeing her off. As soon as Clara was out of sight, she hurriedly snapped the door shut and spun around as if now, finally she was free to run to the toilet and pee -but there stood Ruby... The look on her face as she realised was one that Ruby would never forget. In a monumental effort to suppress her frustration, Cordelia flicked her hair, but this time the anguish would not be brushed clear. Baring her teeth, she stumbled past Ruby and grabbed at the settee. With one arm propping her up and the other lodged between her thighs, she began violently talking under her breath.

‘Nothing... to me...' she snarled.

Ruby looked on, unsure what on earth to do.

‘Dirty... little... cheat1!' Cordelia continued, not making much sense at all.

‘What?’ Ruby asked her finally.

Cordelia however didn’t respond. Bending over suddenly, she sank to her knees and slumped to the floor with her back turned. Slowly she began to crawl away from Ruby and towards the bedroom door.

‘Show...you... I'll show..!'

Her back and thighs were trembling uncontrollably. Ruby, all of a sudden, wanted to do a thousand terrible things to her and felt a corrupted mind sliding ever further south. She knew she’d already done one terrible thing by putting Cordelia in this position, but she couldn’t bring herself to call an end to her ordeal, so greedily and unblinkingly, she stared as her quivering rear advanced across the floor.

Cordelia was still aggressively carrying on her conversation. Though Ruby had no idea who she was threatening, she was completely gripped.

‘I'll show you!' she raged, ‘show you what... you really are... Chunderp-'

As the peculiar word caught in Cordelia’s throat, simultaneously, what sounded like a rocket blasted out from underneath her skirt. Both she and Ruby flinched as a sudden, enormous jet struck against the sitting room floor boards, spraying up with unreasonable ferocity. There was no escape for Ruby, who was splashed by the initial wave, and with even her face flecked with pee, she was forced to stand back in order to take stock of what was happening.

‘Cordelia..? she gasped, ‘Oh my - oh my god...’

It wasn’t clear if Cordelia had even realised she was wetting herself. Still crawling towards the bedroom, she continued to growl through gritted teeth.

‘Rotten... filthy... cheat! You cheated! You're a loser!'

Cordelia’s pee was rapidly spreading all over the floor. Ruby’s eyes darted from left to right trying to understand how one girl could possible hold so much liquid. She wondered if the unknown individual, to whom Cordelia kept referring, may have had something to do with her mysterious past, so suddenly, feeling sympathetic, she tried to reply.

‘Ye-yeah! A loser! That’s right!’ Ruby stammered. ‘She’s not even h-half the girl you are... How could she be...’

Still eyeing the enormous and spreading puddle, Ruby’s feelings were quite genuine.

Cordelia however remained oblivious of everything else in her vicinity and carried on peeing like only she could.

With half the sitting room submerged under Cordelia’s pee, Ruby began to worry how on earth they were going to clean it all up. She had to do something and so tip-toeing her way into the flood, she placed her hands under Cordelia’s arms and tried to usher her towards the bathroom.

‘Cordelia! Get up, come on!’

Her aim was to get her onto the toilet, but Ruby succeeded only in flooding half the bedroom and the majority of the bathroom floor as she pitifully dragged her room-mate through the suite. Lacking the strength ultimately to coax

Cordelia up the side of the toilet bowl, she settled on resting her inside the shower basin instead. But even after so much time had passed, a dense, violent jet continued to blast from between her thighs. Its force was such that if Ruby hadn’t closed the shower door behind her, it would no doubt have reached the other side of the room.

Oh gosh... What have I done...

Tracing a line along the inside of the glass, Cordelia’s pee beat like a drum as she rolled, legs wide open, onto her back. Entirely catatonic, she lie in a rapidly rising puddle of her own making, and she had never looked more vulnerable. Well aware of the part she’d played, Ruby kept watch from atop the toilet seat, solemnly waiting for her room-mate’s colossal bladder to empty, but not holding her breath as the pool of pee inside the shower basin began to inch up the side of the glass.

With her body covering the drain and therefore blocking anything from running away, it was up to Ruby to step in and reposition Cordelia so that she didn’t end up drowning herself.

‘Sit up, Cordelia, hey!’

Ruby’s words yet again had little effect as she desperately tried to get Cordelia to snap out of her trance.

‘Please, Cordelia... I’m sorry!’

Her voice now beginning to crack, Ruby was surprised when Cordelia’s eyes suddenly came into focus and turned to look at her. Without blinking, she scanned Ruby’s face like she hadn’t seen her in a very long time, then her brow began to wrinkle.

‘S...Sara?’

Ruby was more confused than ever.

‘Sara? No! It’s me, Ruby!’

Cordelia’s face grew grave and she gripped her sopping wet hair with both hands as if suddenly horrified.

‘Where?’ she asked, sounding agitated.

‘We’re in the bathroom! In the dormitory!1 Ruby replied.

‘Wh-When... But Sara was...’ muttered Cordelia, her mouth slack.

Ruby was quickly becoming lost.

‘Who on earth is Sara, Cordelia? What did she do to you?’

For a while Cordelia seemed lost in thought. The only sound they heard was that of her pee still crashing against the wall, until she finally spoke.

‘Brought me home... After... After Ch-’

‘After what?’

‘After that loser cheated...’

Suddenly Cordelia was speaking through gritted teeth again. Whoever, or whatever it was lying at the heart of her anguish, clearly they seemed to have a firm hold on her. Ruby knew this was the one and only chance she might have to find out the truth, so despite the circumstances, she went all in.

‘C-can you tell me what happened, Cordelia? What happened at that party?’

Cordelia’s eyes slipped in and out of focus as she grappled with her buried memories. She looked to be recalling them with some distress and then, her voice steeped in despair, she began to let it out.

‘She cheated.... She bloody cheated! There’s no way she has a bigger bladder than mine!’

Alarm bells were going off in Ruby’s head. It was making sense now. What Sadie had said,

Cordelia’s reaction to it, surely it really must have happened.

Which means... All this time she's been torturing her bladder - pushing herself harder and harder until...

Ruby looked around the bathroom. The extent of the mess was staggering.

‘Cordelia, surely you’ve proven your point now? Especially if she cheated! You held your bladder for two weeks! You’ve literally been pissing for the last twenty minutes! Nobody else could do that!’

But none of what Ruby was saying seemed to be going in. Either she couldn’t hear it, or she wasn’t willing to take it on board. The wound inflicted on her that night had cut far deeper than Ruby’s words could ever reach and Ruby resigned herself to silence.

As Cordelia sprayed on, Ruby wondered whether she would ever let it go. That her ego could have warped her to such a degree, both mentally and physically, it was hard to see that she would ever find peace. Far more likely, thought Ruby, was that after another cataclysmic brush with her limits, Cordelia’s obsession would only deepen...

Long before Cordelia had finished peeing, Ruby left the bathroom to frantically try and mop and clean the entire suite. It was a colossal task, and after giving the rooms a once-over, she returned to find her room-mate still gushing in the shower basin.

In the end, it took Cordelia well over half an hour to fully empty her bladder, but it took her even longer to regain any semblance of her normal self. Vowing to remove every last trace of what had happened, Ruby helped Cordelia out of her soaking wet clothes and turned on the hot water for her. Though her eyes remained vacant behind the glass door, Ruby crossed her fingers and hoped she’d come around after a long enough soak.

Having gone over the entire suite a hundred times, Ruby lay exhausted on the sitting room settee. When eventually she laid eyes on Cordelia, as she emerged from the bedroom many hours later, she immediately scrambled to her knees and made to reassure her that she wouldn’t tell a single soul. Cordelia however said nothing in response. Standing at the end of the settee, she stared down at Ruby with a fearsome intensity in her eyes. Her burning gaze left no doubt in Ruby’s mind that discretion was the right idea and she meekly remained silent.

Twirling into her burgundy cape, Cordelia left the room without another word. As the sound of her footsteps echoed down the corridor, the echo of the events of that Saturday afternoon reverberated in Ruby’s head. Whatever she’d seen and heard, whatever Cordelia had let slip in her moment of weakness, it suddenly mattered little. All Ruby knew, as she melted into a puddle of her own, was that in her mind and in her rapidly beating heart, Cordelia was and would always be the Queen of the Hills.
