THE WEE HOURS

Author: William Abbott

This may be the best story I've ever written. It's certainly one of the hottest. Readers are often surprised to learn that Wendy isn't a real person. But no, as fully fleshed out as she is, she was born purely of my imagination.

Part of what I love about this story is the setting. I'm fascinated by funky abandoned architecture, and I've always found the sound of steady, driving rain in the night to be both soothing and sexy.

“William?”

“Mm.”

“William? Are you awake?”

“Whuuh... Huh? What?” I mumbled. “What time is it?”

“About two, I think. Maybe three.”

Still the wee hours of the morning, then. The only light in the room came from a streetlamp just below the third-floor. The outline of the many-paned window was shadowed against the ceiling, dappled from the rain that lashed against the glass with a steady thrumming. I blinked my eyes and squinted over to where Wendy was sleeping on the far side of the room.

“Um...” she said.

“What’s the matter?”

“I have to pee.”

“Oh.” I rubbed sleep from my eyes with the palms of my hands, bleary and confused. Why was she telling me this?

Wendy’s shape was nothing but a dark form, cocooned in her sleeping bag. Nylon rustled as she squirmed around. “I’ve been trying to go back to sleep for the last hour,” she said, “but my bladder’s about to explode. I need to go find where there’s a bathroom.”

“OK.”

“Will you come with me?”

I sat up, fully awake now. “Uh, yeah.” My cock was waking up, too, swelling under the bulky layers of Quallofil. “Sure. Just a second.” I undid the long zipper down the side of the sleeping bag. The sound, almost like ripping cloth, made a counterpoint to the steady murmuring of the rain.

“I’m sorry,” she said.

“No, it’s OK,” I told her. “It’s really...” What we’d seen of the abandoned mill yesterday was intriguing—a great place to take evocative black and white photographs of cavernous empty spaces—but it was also kind of eerie, and I could understand why, especially after dark, she wouldn’t want to go exploring on her own. “It’s fine,” I said. “I totally understand.” What I didn’t tell her, of course, was how my cock was standing stiff at attention. A cute woman asks me to keep her company while she desperately searches for a bathroom? And she thinks I’ll mind? My heart was going pit-a-pat, and my breath was actually catching a little in my throat.

We’d been sent to the old mill because the company was looking at acquiring the property.

They sent me out as an appraiser, and they let me know that one of the real estate lawyers would meet me here at the site. I had no idea it would be Wendy. She was an old friend and housemate of mine from college—she was part of the hippie crowd, and I vividly remember how she looked in a tie-dye tee shirt with no bra. We’d never been more than good friends. She was distractingly cute and very sweet, with an irrepressible, bubbly energy. We might have made a good couple, but she almost always had a boyfriend, and the short while that she didn’t was one of the few intervals when I actually did have a steady girlfriend of my own. We lost touch after we graduated. I was vaguely aware that she’d gotten into law school somewhere, but until she showed up yesterday in her lawyer’s pin stripes and with her hair in a tight bun, I didn’t even know she and I were working for the same company.

A small section of the mill had already been renovated as office space. That’s where we met with the seller. The original plan was for us to camp out on cots that were set up in a couple of the offices (thus the sleeping bags) but then the plan changed and reservations were made for us at the local Motel 6. We took Wendy’s car to a cheap diner and caught up on old times. Looking back on it, I think she was hinting pretty hard over dinner that she was interested in spending the night together, but at the time...just call me oblivious. The whole time I’d known her, Wendy had been unavailable, and I was used to thinking of her that way. Or just blame my thick head on exhaustion; it had been a long day, I was road-burned, and I had a head full of numbers.

We drove out to the motel to find that the reservations hadn’t gone through after all, and there were no vacancies. Back into Wendy’s car to drive back to the mill again, only to find the offices locked up, dark and empty. We huffed in annoyance. There must be other motels, but we didn’t have a local phone book and it was a bit late for finding rooms without a reservation. But we’d been shown where a key was hidden that would get us into the unrenovated part of the building, so as a last resort we grabbed our things and let ourselves in. Waddling along with suitcases and stuff sacks, we prowled around inside the old factory until we found a room up on the top floor that was empty and relatively clean, and there we laid out our sleeping bags. I put on my pajamas in the hallway while she changed in the room. Brushing our teeth without a sink was less than ideal, but we wriggled into our bags and soon we were asleep.

And now we were awake.

I watched Wendy extricate her legs from her sleeping bag and get to her feet. It was too dark to see her face clearly, but I could tell from the way she was moving around that she really did have to go, and no kidding. She started rummaging through her suitcase with one hand. The other hand was pressed between her thighs as she stood with her legs tightly together, her hips squirming. “Here it is,” she said, and clicked on her flashlight.

Back in college, Wendy sometimes hung around the house at night in nothing but an oversized tee shirt and (presumably) panties, but in cold weather she had a set of red flannel footie pajamas that she liked to wear. They’d have looked ridiculous on anyone else, but she was gorgeous enough that on her the effect was endearing. Looking at her now, as she stood in the glow of her flashlight, I realized it was those same footie pajamas she was wearing, though getting a little threadbare. She saw my puzzled look. “What?” she said. “They’re warm.” She turned and pointed the flashlight at the door, rocking forward at the hips and flexing her knees. “Come on, hurry up,” she urged me. “I have to pee sooooo bad.”

I had a bit of a problem now. I wasn’t wearing anything under my pajamas, and the solitary button on the fly was always coming undone. The hem of the long sleeve tee I was wearing hung low enough that I'd thought it wouldn’t matter, but now... As I peeled back my sleeping bag, my little friend down there was standing straight up. The air cool felt nice against the naked shaft, but how was I going to walk around in front of Wendy without looking like a complete pervert?

Her flashlight winked out. She shook it and then gave it a whack to get it to come back on again, and as she did so, the beam raked wildly around the room and across me. I yanked my shirt out over my lap, afraid she’d see, but she was turning away again, opening the door to peer out into the empty hall. I stood, and—no, this wouldn’t do at all. It stuck out—big, hard, and insistent—half a foot in front of me. I pushed it back inside, but then it made a huge tent. I took a step and it popped out again.

Wendy looked back to see what was taking me so long. I whirled and crouched down to my own suitcase, flipping it open. Thank God the towel I’d packed was the enormous one for the beach. I threw it over my shoulders like a cape and clutched it in front of me. The corners hung down to... Well, in daylight it would have been worthless, but here in the dark it might obfuscate enough to avoid any awkward, uh... revelations.

I slid my feet into slippers and walked up beside her, gathering the towel strategically in front of me and wishing my little friend would just chill out. Wendy... Oh my. Those pajamas had lost a few buttons over the years, letting them gap open to give me a wonderful side view of a breast. I couldn’t see quite all the way to the nipple, but curve of the whole underside was enough to leave me awestruck. I had to swallow before I could take the next breath. I forced myself to look away, following her gaze out into the darkness.

“Do you have any idea where the bathrooms would be?” she asked.

“Uh-uh,” I said. Truth to tell, so much of the building had been gutted that it seemed very possible there simply weren't any bathrooms, except in the renovated section that we couldn’t get into. But I wasn’t going to be the one to say it.

“I hope we find one quick,” she said. “I am literally about to pee in my pants.”

Oh God. So much for hoping my hard-on would go down.

We made our way along the hall, opening each door in turn. This part of the mill seemed to be entirely storerooms, each one empty with just a little light filtering in from the street. At the far end was a fire exit, where a square window looked out onto a covered landing. Now that I was awake, I was going to need to take a leak, too, before going back to sleep. That balcony looked pretty appealing to me. I mean, it was exposed and lit by streetlamps and the rain was being blown in a mist across it, but I could turn my back to the wind and the light and piss over the railing onto the parking lot below. But that’s with a guy’s anatomy—-Wendy was hopping from foot to foot, but she passed by the door without even stopping to consider it.

We found stairs down to the second floor and came out into a high-ceilinged room a hundred feet long that took up the whole width of the building, with two lines of posts supporting the ceiling. Wendy’s flashlight died again. She whacked it and got it to come on, but only for a second. She swore. Standing with her legs crossed, twisting and writhing, she whacked it a few more times.

“We might be better off without it, anyway,” I said. This room had high windows all along both sides, and amber light from the streetlamps poured through them like sunlight in a cathedral. She set the flashlight down on the floor and walked on ahead. Discolorations in the floorboards showed the outlines of where twenty or thirty milling machines had once stood. The post nearest me showed a line of broken staples where an electric cable had been ripped out. I couldn’t imagine that there’d be a working bathroom in this building. Most likely Wendy was going to have to brave the rain. I pictured her maybe squatting in a recessed doorway on the lee side of the building, huddled in her PJ’s, her body curled up like a hermit crab, with just enough shelter to stay dry as she pissed on the stoop. I wouldn’t mind, though, if she wanted to take the time to search the entire building first.

The only other door we could see in this room was at the very far end. The vinyl soles of Wendy’s pajamas scuffed as she walked, stepping quickly but with an almost serpentine movement so as not to jostle her bladder. As she crossed the first swath of light from the windows, I noticed something that had never registered before—no trap door in those pajamas. If she ended up having to pee outside, that would make it...well, more interesting.

The floorboards were warped and uneven at the far end, and as Wendy pulled the door open, it stuck firmly with only about an eight inch gap. Wendy looked through and, “Yes!!!” she said. I stood on tiptoe to see over her shoulder. Another door just beyond had a sign that I could make out in the dim light: LAVATORY. Wendy squeezed into the gap, turning her head sideways and wriggling her shoulders to get through. It was very tight, and she had to force the door open another half-inch. The knob caught on the gap in her pajamas and... “Damn it!”

“What?” I asked.

She was through the door now, standing on the other side. “No big. I just pulled a Bilbo Baggins.”

“What?”

“Ripped out the last of my buttons.”

I squeezed my way through after her, and found her clutching the front of her pajamas closed. She skipped and scampered over to the lavatory door, bouncing inside those pajamas. She pushed open the door and...

...let out a string of loud and heartfelt profanity.

I was right. All the fixtures had been removed. Wendy was gripped at her crotch now with both hands and bent over double. “Damnit damnit damnit, what the Hell am I going to do?” she moaned. “I can’t hold it!” Her pajamas were hanging wide open now, her breasts swaying free. She looked up at me, and I guess she noticed that I wasn’t quite meeting her eyes. Straightening up, she pulled the edges of the flannel closed again with one hand, but kept the other one gripping her crotch. She lifted one foot to cross her thighs. “Seriously, I can’t last a whole lot longer. If we don’t find a toilet, I’m going to end up pissing all over the floor.”

“OK.” I was at a loss for words. I mean, what do you say in a situation like this? “If... You know, if it comes to that...”

“We’re negotiating to buy the building. The inspection’s tomorrow. It’d be pretty awkward.”

“Outside?” I suggested. “I know it’s raining, but...”

“I am not walking out into the parking lot naked.”

“Come on, then” I said. “We’ll find a place. A toilet or a sink or something.” What I was thinking was, maybe just a hole in the floor somewhere. A gap between floorboards. A floor drain if we were really lucky, where she could pull down her PJ’s to her knees and lower her butt to the floor and aim very, very carefully. While I looked away, obviously.

“I’m really sorry. You’re sweet to put up with me.”

“What do you mean? It’s not like it’s your fault or anything. If you gotta go, you gotta go.”

She held out a hand to me. I was nervous, because I didn’t want her to see my stiff and drooling hard-on, but I took her hand. As we walked, she let go and put her arm around my waste instead. She hobbled along like that, grinding her thighs together as she walked, with me pulled close up against her. I was very conscious of the warmth of her body against mine in the chilly air. Her free hand kept the PJ’s closed over her breasts, while mine held my towel out to cover my erection.

We walked down the next flight of stairs like that, in lock-step with one another. “Hey,” she said.

“Yeah?”

“After I find a place to pee, when we get upstairs again...”

I finally realized what she’d been hinting at all evening, and suddenly my heart was pounding again. “Yes?” I said.

“Do you want to put our sleeping bags together?”

I turned my head to look at her, smiling from ear to ear. “Yeah,” I said. And then, “Oh yeah.” I stopped and leaned closer to kiss her. She opened her mouth, let me run my tongue across her lips, then thrust her own tongue into my mouth.

We kissed like that for about half a minute, still side by side on the stair, hip to hip, my arm around her shoulders and hers around my waste, until she broke off to say, “But first I really have to find a place to piss. Like right now. I am seriously about to burst my bladder.” My penis couldn’t have swollen any more, but it felt like it did.

Down the rest of the stairs with me trembling now, just from arousal, and then out onto the ground floor and another high, open room. Here even some of the interior walls had been removed. Over there—had that rectangular area been a restroom? Was that a toilet flange in the floor, or a steam pipe, or just a piece of scrap metal? Wendy ran on ahead to try the few remaining doors. Closets. Cloak room. I caught up with her at a modern glass door that led into the renovated offices—locked. Tantalizing, but totally inaccessible. She stood with her head pressed against the glass, hand in her crotch, her whole body like a tightly coiled steel spring, twisting her hips to the right and then to the left. I came up behind her and laid my hands on her shoulders, rubbing them gently. I felt her relax a little. “That feels nice,” she said, and then without warning she leaned back into me...and felt my hard-on against her butt. “Whoa!” she said, a little startled.

She turned around, facing me, and touched my cock, stroking gently with the tips of her fingers. “Soon,” she said. “After.” She stood on tiptoes to give me another kiss, this one quick.

We scanned the rest of the room. There was the other set of stairs. Over here was the door where we’d come in. I opened it, and looked out onto the street. Light streamed in, and the wind carried a spray of rainwater to wet the floor at my feet. Wendy backed away, and I closed it again.

We crossed to the back door with her hanging on my elbow again. This was the lee side of the building, and the lamps in the parking lot didn’t shine directly into the doorway, but the door was flush with the side of the building—no recess at all, no shelter, no cover, and plenty of light. Just across the narrow lot was a wrought iron fence, and beyond that, the sidewalk for another street. My naked cock pointed outside, exposed, but Wendy shook her head. A car went swooshing past, its headlights turning the rain into scintillations of light, and she said, “I can’t.” I let the door swing closed, shoved it home with my hip, and Wendy took my arm again, clutching me like a lifeline. “I’m sorry,” she said again. She seemed close to tears. Pulling me after her, she ran back down the length of the room. There were two more doors we hadn’t tried. “Maybe in here...” She didn’t sound very hopeful, but they were two doors, side-by-side, for small rooms.

Could they be?

As we got closet, I saw that each door had a small pale rectangle where a sign had once been. One was slightly longer than the other, as if one had maybe said MEN and the other, WOMEN. Yes?

She pulled open the first of them, and then the other. Both were packed floor-to-ceiling with construction materials.

Wendy stood there with one leg wrapped around the other, holding onto me for balance, squirming, gripping her crotch. Her whole breast showed now, and she didn’t care. “What am I going to dooooo?” she wailed. “I can’t hold it!!! I’m going top...”

“Fire escape!" I said.

“What?”

“At the top of the fire escape, there’s a balcony. It’s covered. It’s...”

She didn’t have to be told twice. She let go of me and was running, skipping, dancing across the floor like a ballerina, back to the stairs, and then sprinting up them two at a time. I was out of breath trying to keep up. I would have called out to her that the second floor landing would do just as well, but I had no wind and she was already halfway up the stairs to the third floor. I reached the top and saw her running down towards the fire exit, one hand over her crotch again, thighs grinding as she ran. With her free hand she was pulling her PJ’s down off of her shoulders. Naked shoulders. Naked back. Naked skin. I caught up with her at the door, out of breath, as she crossed her legs and writhed and wriggled and bobbed, frantically pushing the flannel down past her hips, down around her thighs.

Naked ass, now, save for a thong. She took hold of my arm again for balance as she pulled one leg free, the pajama leg turning inside-out, and then the other, and I gazed at her breasts —glorious, full, round, and oh-so-naked breasts —jiggling and bouncing as she hopped from one foot to the other. She shoved open the door, stepped out onto the balcony, and I followed. She hooked her thumbs under the thong, slid it down off of her ass, stepped out of it and turned to hand it to me, covering her breasts now with one hand and arm. I expected her to squat right where she was, but instead she walked—mincing, like she was barefoot on hot sand—over to the railing and stood there with feet wide apart and pissed over the edge.

And pissed.

And pissed. For a looong time.

The first gush hit the railing and the edge of the floor and splashed some onto the top of the railing, which must have given her a little backsplash against her legs. But then she canted her hips and pressed her thighs against the railing, thrusting her bush forward so that her stream cleared the rail, arcing into the night. By the time it hit the pavement below, it must have been so mingled with the rain as to be invisible.

I had to go, too. As fiercely aroused as I was, my bladder still did a little twinge seeing her go. And, who knows, maybe she’d be less embarrassed if we both did it? I dropped my towel out of the rain. Then, penis bobbing in front of me, I walked up to stand alongside Wendy. My cock pointed straight out and angled up, and it took a minute of deep breathing with my eyes closed before my pee let loose, arcing much higher than hers out over the parking lot.

I looked at Wendy. She was still pissing, a strong, thick stream, and it occurred to me that someone with more willpower than me would probably look away. I glanced up at her face—OK, actually I let my eyes caress the whole length of her body, finally ending up at her face—and saw that she was looking at me, too. Looking down at my penis. Not taking her eyes away. Grateful for that, I leaned forward to get a better view of her peeing.

Even with her huge head start, we finished at about the same time. She still had her arms folded over her breasts. (After all, who knows? Anybody might be down there at three in the morning in the pouring rain, looking up in case there was a naked woman to be seen.) An eddy of wind sprayed us with mist, wetting my cock and sending a frisson through my whole body. Wendy’s shoulders glistened and where the streetlight played across her skin, it showed goose bumps. She said “Brrrrr!” and turned and grabbed the front of my shirt, pulling me close and trying to bury her arms and hands and face in the cloth. I gathered her into my arms, with my hard-on pressed between us.

She was shivering. I let go long enough to pick up my towel and wrap it around her shoulders, and she pulled herself under it like a turtle. I rubbed her back through the terrycloth to warm her. “Thank you,” she said—though I’m not sure for what. I hugged her tight, our bodies pressed as close as pages in a book from our knees all the way to her head resting on my shoulder.

And then she looked up at me, and I kissed her. Kissed her deeply. Let my hand slide down to her ass to press her hips against me. I could feel myself drooling, pre-cum mingling with the dampness of the rain against her belly as I let my hips grind against her. I pictured us having sex right there, out on the fire escape, standing up or with her pressed back against the wall or the railing, naked with the rain all around us. But her teeth were chattering with the cold.

Back inside, she scooped up her PJ’s and we made our way (her still naked, my towel and my arm still thrown over her shoulders) back down the hall to the little room we’d claimed as ours. My pajama bottoms were wet with rain from the knees down, so I peeled them off as Wendy toweled herself dry. She hauled her sleeping bag over to lay it on top of mine and then we snuggled under it, both shivering until our lust began to warm the room.

She said my hands were cold, so instead I slid my face over her breasts, nuzzling around and between them. Call me kinky, but I’ve always loved the feeling of a nipple against my eyelids. I kissed her belly, then her lips and her throat and sucked gently on the lobe of her ear, smelling the scent of her hair, thrilled as a little boy on Christmas with all that she gave me. She pushed me up until I was kneeling, straddling her. Then she wriggled free and reached out across the floor for her purse. A deft movement to open it and pull something out, and then she was back, stroking my cock and leaning forward to kiss it. She licked it, running her tongue along the length of the shaft, and then set the condom like a watchcap over the head. Her fingers caressed me as she unrolled it. Then she lay back, legs spread, smiling up at me, open and welcoming.

I scooted back a little and brought my face down to feel the scratchiness of her pubic hair against my forehead, kissing her vulva and burrowing into her slit with my nose, drinking in her musk. My tongue flicked out, tasting her wetness, probing her delicate inner lips, sucking on them, and then thrusting as far as my tongue could reach into her vagina. She moaned as I ground my face against her, my mouth and cheeks and chin all wet with her juices and my nose stroking against her clit. Then I took her clit in my mouth and sucked, licked, pausing once in a while to gasp for breath but then returning, relentless and determined.

She came in less than five minutes, bucking her hips against me, twisting fistfuls of the sleeping bag in her hands, and crying out like a wild animal. I continued sucking, running my tongue more gently over her clit and then lapping along her whole vulva, until she twined her fingers in my hair and pushed me back. “St... stop,” she said. “Too much. Come here. I want to feel you inside me.”

I slid in easily, her cunt wide and wet. Once inside, I gathered her legs between my own and closed them, tightening her around my cock. I pulled out until the widest part of me, the crest around the head, was squeezed in the tightest part of her, right around the opening, then I drove my penis as deep into her as I could go, thrusting my tongue into her mouth at the same time. My skin was electric everywhere we touched, especially the fronts and insides of my thighs. I used my hands on her shoulders to ride her, pulling my body forward and deeper into her, again and again, kissing her cheek and her ear, and then I was coming, surging.

I rocked my hips back, partially withdrawing, minimizing the chance of anything spilling where it shouldn’t, but that same motion pressed the rest of my body closer against her, thigh to thigh, belly to belly, chest to breasts, as I surged a second and third and fourth time, semen pumping through my cock, filling the condom. I pulled my head back far enough to look down at her, gazing deep into her eyes as the throbbing became gentler—five, six —and then subsided. I relaxed, laying over her, covering her, containing her body under my legs and arms, feeling the way our breath came in synchrony.

“Wow,” was all she said. The room wasn’t the least bit cold any more.

When I woke the next morning, Wendy was already dressed and was closing up her suitcase. She turned to look at me when she heard me sitting up. “Hey there, sleepyhead,” she said. “I was afraid it was going to be hard to wake you.”

“What time is it?” I asked. (Wasn’t that how this all began?)

“Almost seven. You should get some clothes on so we can get breakfast before we meet the inspectors.” She came and stood next to me, her eyes roaming across my naked body. I touched her calf, ran my hand up her leg and under her skirt. No nylons today. “We don’t have time, I’m afraid.” But she didn’t pull away as I brought my other hand up as well, and lifted her skirt. It was a miniskirt, black pinstripe with a slit in back. Up top was a matching jacket over a white blouse, open low enough to show cleavage. The whole ensemble formal enough to be intimidating, and yet devastatingly sexy.

I pushed the skirt up so it bunched under the hem of the jacket. She had nothing under it. That triangle of dark curly hair was just inches from my face. I leaned forward to kiss it. She let go an involuntary moan of pleasure, but then said, “Really.” She stepped back, and her hand on the top of my head kept me from following. “We don’t have time.”

She pulled her sleeping bag off of me and began rolling it up. I got up and, still naked, did the same with mine. Then I opened my suitcase to pull out clean clothes. Wendy stepped up behind me and handed me her card. “You should give me yours, too,” she said. “If we’re ever in the same town again, we should look each other up. This was fun.” Her smile put dimples in her cheeks. She pulled her hair up into a bun again as I got dressed. Five minutes, and we were both all packed and I was just tying my shoes. Wendy glanced at her watch. “Come on,” she said. “I’m gonna need food and coffee to get through today. And I really have to pee again, too.” She looked at me with a grin—shy, sheepish, but maybe with a touch of mischief as well.

We collected her flashlight on the way down, loaded the luggage into the cars, and Wendy slid into the passenger seat next to me. I was about to start the car when she laid a hand on my arm. “Wait,” she said. She looked behind us, craned her neck to look all around. Seemed to reach some sort of decision.

She unlatched her door, and the car pinged until I took the key out of the ignition. I watched, puzzled, as Wendy gathered the hem of her skirt and slid it up to her hips. She looked at me, searching for words, and then settled on, “Just a sec.”

What on Earth?

Pushing open her door, she got out and stood, shoes crunching against the gravel. I had parked alongside the building, parallel to it, and standing there in the acute angle of the car door, she was pretty well concealed from most directions, at least from the waist down.

Surely she wasn’t going to... ?

Her skirt was hiked up just exactly as high as it needed. I could see the backs of her legs all the way up to where they met. The crease where butt becomes thigh peeked out under the hem by no more than a quarter inch.

My God, she really was!

The streets and sidewalks still glistened with the night’s rain, and the driveway here was gravel so nothing would show. The morning sun was bright, but in the shadows of that sheltered space between her thighs, I could just make out the silhouette of the tiniest wisp of pubic hair. She canted her hips back slightly, giving me a slightly better view of her butt, a glimpse of her cunt, and...

And she peed.

And peed and peed and peed. Not quite as much as last night, but a lot, the stream falling thick and straight and true between her legs. The sound of piss on gravel is unmistakable, and I could tell the size of the puddle growing between her feet by how the sound changed. After a minute or more, she tapered off. Then peed again for another thirty seconds. One final squirt, and then it was a handkerchief that she deftly pulled from her purse—a quick dab, and then it was rolled up and tucked away.

She tugged down her skirt, smoothed it, and slumped back into the passenger seat, breathing a sigh of relief. She looked across at me, and I must have been just gaping at her, staring with my mouth hanging open. She shook her head. “I really didn’t feel like pushing it to the limit again,” she said. “Tins... Sorry. I...”

“Hey,” I said. “No problem.” I laid a hand on her thigh.

“Just don’t... Don’t tell anyone, OK?”

“Never,” I said. “Come here, silly.” And I leaned toward her, and we kissed.

That day was the last time I saw her. Three months later, she was transferred to the Berlin office, and the next news I heard of her was that she’d married a German man. Sometimes the briefest time together can touch you so deeply that thirty years later your heart and your cock are both still stirred by the memory.

