Danielle-1. The beginning

Author: Danielle, Netherlands (1996'03) P#087

At the first place excuses for my bad English writing. I almost never have to write or speak English, so I think it's not so good. I hope it's good enough to understand. I am a 25 year old female from Holland. I discovered on "Internet" the Patches Pages with a lot of letters and stories about panty peeing and pooping. That's excactly what I love and do almost every day, so I thought to write you my own experiences. I hope you place them on Internet, so I can see if my letter arrived "down under".

It started when I was 11 and playing in the children's garden near to our house. I still remember, as if it was yesterday, that I wore a pink tight jeans and a long sweatshirt that reached till my knees. I had to pee really bad and tried to hold back by pressing a hand against my crotch. After a while I decided it would be better to go home, otherwise I would pee in my pants. So I left my girlfriends and walked through the bushes to our house.

Then suddenly a boy, a few years older than I was, stood in front of me. I knew him, he was living in the same street as I. "I couldn't help seeing that you have to go to the bathroom very quick," he said. I smiled. "You're right," I said. "I give you 10 dollar if you don't go to the toilet," he said. "What do you mean?" I asked. "You want me to pee in the bushes or so?"

"Oh no," he said. "I give you 10 dollar if you dare peeing a little bit in your jeans. Not everything off course, just a little bit, so I can see a wet spot in your pants."

I was thinking for a few seconds. Ten dollar was a lot of money, my bladder was almost exploding and I was wearing a long sweater, so nobody could see the wet stain in my pants. What the heck. "Okay, but I only do a little bit and you give me the money first." He did and I pulled my sweater up so he could see my whole jeans. It only took a few seconds when a felt the first spurt going in my panty. A wet spot appeared in my crotch.

He asked me to do a little bit more, so I let go another stream. The light pink jeans turned out dark pink in my crotch and I saw that a stain also appeared between my legs. "Okay, this must be enough," I said and ran home. But it's difficult to hold back your pee when you pissed already a little bit on purpose. But I managed to reach the bathroom, not peeing anymore.

But - oh shit - the door was locked. My mother was using it. "Please mother, come out, I can't hold it any longer," I screamed. I heard my mother laughing: "I'm pooping dear," she said. "You want me to come out now? You have to hold on for a minute or so."

"I can't," I screamed. "Please!" But it was already too late. I felt another stream going through my undies. It felt warm when it was streaming in my jeans. It must have been a comic sight if anyone had seen me. Both hands pressed between my legs and all of my pee streaming down the legs of my jeans. A little puddle appeared around my shoes. But the strange thing was; I didn't have the idea of doing something dirty. Oh no, it felt warm, even very nice. I got even excited looking at my own wet jeans. Then the door opened and my mother started laughing.

"I see you don't need the bathroom anymore," she said. "Come on, go cleanup yourself and put on a dry jeans," she only said. "And next time, come home earlier." That was all. She wasn't angry. So I went upstairs, put the wet undies and jeans in the laundry basket and a few minutes later I was back at the childrens garden. Nobody of my girlfriends noticed that I suddenly was wearing a denim jeans. I mean, they said nothing about it.

I realize this is not a very sexual story, but it's how my pee interests started. And to tell you the truth: all of my first pantspeeing experiences have nothing to do with sexual feelings. I just did it because it was an accident, or because I was too lazy to go to the toilet. That's also for the next example; I think a lot of people had the same experience...

It was a few months later, it was summer holiday, when I went to our local swimming pool with my cousin. After swimming we were sitting on the grassfield, chatting and drinking some cola. Suddenly I heard a clear hissing sound. I automaticly looked at the crotch of my cousin's swimmingsuit and saw a stream of pee pouring through the fabric into the grass. My cousin put a finger for her mouth and just said: "Ssstttt. Don't tell anyone." I couldn't believe my eyes. My cousin was 16! and peeing in her swimmingsuit as if it was very normal. Of course, a lot of people do that. I did it myself a few minutes before, but then we were still in the water. "The bathrooms over here are always very dirty, and I hate to pee in the water," my cousin explained. "But don't tell anyone about this."

I didn't have any sexual feelings at that time, but as far as a girl of that age can be, I got excited watching my cousin peeing trough her swimmingsuit. A few hours later, when we walked home, two girls walked just a few yards before us, wearing denim jeans, but you could see that they had their still wet swimmingsuits underneath. Clear wet places in their jeans marked the position of the swimming panties. In my imagination it wasn't the swimmingsuits that caused the wet area, but they had peed in their jeans. Years later I realized that were the first things that explain my peeing habbits today, and especially my pants-peeing interests.

And there is another thing that perhaps explains that sex and peeing belong to each other, in my opinion. In that days my father told me how baby's were made. He told me that the sperm of a man comes out of his cock and "put" into a woman's vagina. But I didn't know where that "sperm" was coming from, so I thought that that little fishes were part of men's urine. So a man pees into a womans vagina, and she becomes a baby 9 months later. I know it sounds silly, but I really thought that was it. So for years it was absolutly normal for me that peeing and sex belonged to each other. I once heard, when I was in bed and couldn't sleep, my mother and father making love. Afterwards I heard my mother ranning to the bathroom. Off course she did, she had to pee out my fathers urine after making love, I thought.

And so Patches, it all began. Next time I write how I had my first accidents on purpose. Secretly in the shower, or in my bedroom when there was nobody at home. Or even outside, when it was raining and therefore nobody could see the pee streaming through my jeans. But that's for the next time.

(To be continued)
