Lisa
	(a Fantasy)
Author: Aquavite (1996'01)

(A story based on two real events some while ago in my life. If real or fantasized sexual situations involving girls and peeing offends, read no further. This is NOT a story about 12 and 13 year olds. It simply begins in a camp setting.)

When I was about 17 I worked one summer at a summer camp as a counselor. The oldest kids were 13, and often the 12 and 13 year old girls would openly flirt and be provocative with the men counselors. It would not be unusual for a cute 13 year old dressed in skin tight shorts to sit herself on a male lap, wiggling her pretty ass into his prick as he tried to be cool. Or it would often happen that, as I was in charge of the waterfront and taught lifesaving, I had many girls volunteering for victim, and occasionally revealing a buding breast as I would carry them, pretending to struggle, through the water. 	 	

Less frequently panties were purposely revealed (mainly during dances since no one wore dresses at other times), except on one occasion when I had the pleasure of supervising a bra and pantie swim in a small pond we came upon on a hike as the other female counselor was not a swimmer, and the girls decided they'd rather swim in panties and bras in front of me than not swim at all. The sight of about 6 or 8 13 year olds in wet cotton panties and bras, nipples showing, and small amounts of pubic hair visible through soaking panties gave me a constant hard on, so much so that I excused myself after the girls had gotten dressed and masturbated in the woods.

My girlfriend that summer was named Anne. She also worked at the camp. She was beautiful, black hair, and a fantastic figure, usually barely covered by the tightest short shorts, and the thinnest of tops, revealing, respectively, her lovely round ass (and often the elastic and bottoms of her panties) and her large but firm breasts and nipples. We would usually end up the night making out in the woods or some deserted building, sometimes fucking, but always masturbating each other, usually with clothes half on and half off.

Anne liked to be touched at first through her panties, having me push the crotch material inside her, and press hard against her clit. After sometimes cuming that way, she'd like me to push the material to one side, and put my finger deep inside her. I would love to stroke her that way, feeling her wet insides and the damp material of her panties together. She would rub my cock through my underpants, and make me cum. Anne and I fucked and masturbated each other happily through the summer. 	

As waterfront counselor I spent much of my time on and by the beach of the small lake at camp. Mostly it was not a turn on, but when the older girls (and some of the female counselors would swim, it was fun, and often with great views. One day a girl named Lisa was lying on the beach with some other girls. Lisa was a CIT--counselor in training. She was 16 or somewhat older, and very sexy, very developed. But sort of a loner. That day she wore a very sexy and revealing bathing suit, cut low between her ample breasts, and high on her lovely and tanned long legs. The suit pulled tight against her ass, which was certainly the best 16 year old ass I'd ever seen. I, and others, always said that she looked at least 18.

Anne was talking about Lisa as I was getting turned on looking at her long blond hair run down her back, and her bathing suit pulling up into the crack of her ass. Anne knew I, like the other men counselors, liked leering discretely at Lisa, and she found it amusing. Anne had told me how Lisa was openly sexual. Anne knew Lisa would masturbate at night before she'd go to sleep because she'd hear the gentle but steady breathing and her bed shaking slightly in the cabin they shared.

And Lisa would sometimes talk to the other girls about making out, about getting wet 'down there' when she was kissed, and give the 13 year olds various forms of advise. Anne told me in detail about the type of panties Lisa wore, since she knew I liked panties and Lisa. I liked to hear Lisa stories, as I called them, and Anne would tell me them often. In fact, I think Anne really liked to look at Lisa almost as much as I did. Lisa was unusually beautiful, everyone knew that, and so did Lisa, only she didn't quite know what to do with her beauty at 16. There were no boys her age. Anyway I was more than satisfied with Anne. 	

Lisa and two other girls began to get up. As Lisa rose she pulled her suit out of her ass, and adjusted the straps of her suit, momentarily revealing most of her breast to us, although from a distance. As they walked into the water I noticed Lisa's legs were pressed tightly together, and said to Anne that I thought Lisa looked like she had to pee pretty bad. Anne looked at Lisa, who had briefly paused in mid thigh high water, her legs almost crossed, and then quickly dove in.

Anne agreed, adding: "You know, that's the other funny thing about Lisa. She always seems like she has to pee. I mean, she talks about having to go to the bathroom more than most girls, and sometimes it seems that she can barely contain herself. The other night she ran from her bed to the toilet (I think she had been masturbating as usual) in her panties holding herself she had to go so bad. And I remember last week on a trip into town she was desperate to find a toilet almost as soon as we got out of the bus, and almost ran into a store. She came out saying how she got there 'just in time.'

Listening to Anne talk about Lisa having to pee a lot was an electric turn on. I asked a few questions but at that time in my life it didn't feel comfortable letting Anne know how much Lisa's peeing turned me on. We dropped the subject, although for the next couple of weeks whenever I saw or thought of Lisa I tried to visualize her dashing into a toilet, hand between her beautiful legs, quickly pulling down her panties, and letting go a forceful stream into the toilet.

I wondered if she'd ever wet her panties, and increasingly found myself starring at Lisa's crotch, at her round ass, especially when she would wear one of her pairs of very tight shorts (especially white or yellow ones she had) which perfectly revealed her panties through the thin material. She would sometimes wear white bikinis under them, but other times would wear panties with patterns (I remember especially a white pair with red hearts) or once a pair with lacy elastic at the legs. By half way through the summer I was increasingly fixated on Lisa's body, and after Anne's brief mention about peeing, on Lisa sexual and peeing habits. 	

But for weeks however much I watched Lisa and listened to her talking with other girls, I didn't see any signs of desperation or of slight accidents nor hear Lisa mentioning anything. Then about two weeks before camp was over I overheard Lisa saying to one of the 13 year old girls that once after school, just that previous Spring, she had been in a candy store and had to pee so badly that she said she could barely wait to pay and feared that she'd wet her pants while paying the man. Then she began to run home but didn't get more than 50 feet when, in her words, "I just totally, completely wet my pants. I was so embarrassed I must have turn really red, and all I remember was a huge, growing puddle between my legs and my very wet white jeans. I remember also people looking at me as I just stood there frozen. I ran home..." 	

I was walking behind Lisa and the other girl on our way to the lake, and my erection sprang up, feeling like it would burst my shorts. I kept trying to hear more without being too obvious but it was hard. At least I knew that Lisa had had one accident, and recently, and that she seemed to talk about it without it being something to hide. That night I masturbated thinking of beautiful Lisa on the street wetting herself--I kept wondering how she was standing and what she did afterwards when she got home. But I never found out. 	

That was the last time I heart Lisa mention anything about peeing, until a few days before camp was over. And that day would change everything about me thinking about Lisa. On that day the entire camp played a game of capture the white flag. Lisa and I were on the same team, and in the same group on that team. Along with about 5 or 6 other campers our job was to try to free our fellow team members in the other team's jail, deep inside their territory. It meant sneaking around for along time, and finally trying to run into their jail. We all set off and for about 20 minutes walked through the woods and along a stream. The other campers were all about 10 or 11. They seemed happy to play the game without Lisa or I.

I contented myself with walking behind Lisa as much as I could, affording myself a view of Lisa ass and legs, her ass seemingly gift wrapped in a pair of very tight and very short white shorts--one of my favorite pairs which let me see her panties underneath. That day she wore white panties with some kind of flower pattern, and a lacy elastic at the legs. I noticed that they were cut very high on the legs, and were quite sexy. I barely managed to keep my attention on the group as we took off our sneakers to walk across a stream (the water coming almost thigh high at one point) and kept wondering if Lisa had to pee as the water moved up her tanned long legs. But I couldn't tell, although I thought she squeezed her legs together a few times. 

Anyway, I figured that I'd never get to find out more about Lisa that summer (or ever). But shortly after we crossed the stream one of the 11 year olds suggested we split up. I agreed and all the 10 and 11 year olds went off, in no time flat leaving Lisa and I alone. I by this point was so turned on that I was nervous being with her, but she seem relaxed and the two of us pushed on. The day was hot (by this time it was late morning), and I noticed spots of perspiration on Lisa blue tank top. We climbed up a steep hill, Lisa first, me only two feet away from her perfect ass, and I thought I noticed, very subtlety, Lisa squeeze her legs together. I knew I could pee (although I could also easily wait), but wondered about her, knowing nobody had used a bathroom for well over two hours. At the top of the hill we took a brief rest, after looking around for member of the enemy team. We though it clear and sat down. 	

We sat facing each other, Lisa sitting with her legs apart, her panties' elastic peaking from beneath her shorts. I asked her if she liked the game, and she said, noncommittally, "Its OK, I guess." Trying to make conversation, but all the time looking at her crotch and legs, I knew I could do nothing about my hard on, but kept trying to get my mind off this gorgeious girl sitting with her legs wide apart. I was trying to be true to Anne. Just as we got rested we heard two or three people from the other team (we thought) walking up the trail.

We jumped up and quickly hid behind a large rock off the trail. We were close together, our legs touching, crouched down, listening to two people walking slowly by. We never did find out which team they were on since we didn't look, but we were both really nervous-- we had gotten into playing the game. Lisa whispered in my ear as the voices seemed to move on, "Christ I'm so nervous about being seen and I had to pee so bad I almost wet my pants." Without thinking I blurted out, "You peed in your pants!?"

"Well, no not really. I said I almost did," Lisa replied, now blushing pink but with a slightly mischievous look in her eyes. "Oh," I said. My eyes went to her crotch but it was seemed dry. She blushed more. "Well, I guess I did just a little I was so scared." Lisa's blue eyes also went to her crotch. She added, "That was close. I felt like a little kid doing something wrong and afraid I'd get caught. You know what I mean, hiding from the other team. Not, you know..., I mean, almost peeing in my shorts. But it was fun anyway. Think its OK to get up?"

I said sure, but could barely move myself thinking of the damp yellow tinged flowers on Lisa very sexy panties barely hiding under her shorts. As we got up Lisa added, "I was so scared they'd see us... I really had better to go to the bathroom before something serious happens. I'm going to find a bush to go behind. I'll be careful." I was electrically turned on, as Lisa without further words walked off into the woods. Unfortunately for me there were so many bushes and trees to go behind there was no hope of me watching her, and in fact within 50 feet I could hear but not see her.

The all was quiet, as I tired to imagine Lisa really having to pee, barely being able to hold in, her panties a little moist from her dribbling just before and now pulling down her shorts and lovely panties. I waited quietly, thinking I'd be able to hear her pee, but I heard nothing but birds. My hard on was almost bursting through my shorts. After two or three minutes (it seemed like a very long time) I wondered what was going on. I was about to call Lisa when I heard her call me."

"Bill, Bill, I have a real problem, I need your help." I answered, "Where are you, what's the problem?"

"Come over here, please, my zipper's really stuck. Come quickly!" I followed the voice, still dumbfounded by my luck. I figured I'd help her with the zipper and maybe get a peak of her peeing. Then I saw Lisa standing behind a bush, the sun streaming in on her: she was trying to unzip her zipper. Her shorts zipped up from behind, and she was half twisted, but unable to really pull down from that position. She stood there her legs tightly pressed together but not crossed clearly having to pee but not in panic. I figured I'd stall her as long as possible without being too obvious, and see how long she could hold out. I was utterly taken by her looks, the warm day, the sun, and her face: she was alternately biting her lower lip and running her tongue over her lips. She was nervous. "What seems to be the matter?," I said lightly. 	

"Bill, I can't unzip my shorts at all, and I really have to go real bad, see if you can unstuck the zipper." Then in a softer voice she mumbled, "This is really embarrassing" I walked over to her. I pulled her tank top up and asked her to hold it. She pulled it tight from the front with one hand, while I looked at the zipper. It was really stuck, caught on both sides of her shorts. The button was undone, revealing a little bare spot of her tan back. I took hold of the zipper and pulled, but my fingers slipped. I was standing in back of her. I pulled again, this time gripping harder.

But again I couldn't move it. I kneeled down, now only a foot away from her wonderful ass, knowing that this gorgeous girl was dying to pee. I tried again, thinking that I get it down and get a nice view (at least) of her panties as I pulled the zipper down, and that she'd probably run behind some other bushes nearby, perhaps shorts falling down slightly, and I'd hear her pee, and if really luckily see her, too. But I couldn't get the zipper to budge--it was really stuck on both sides. 	 

"Lisa, I can't get the zipper to move. If I had a pliers I could get it, but its stuck on both sides and the material of your shorts it zipped up in it. I'll try again." I took hold again, wiping the sweat from my hands. As I began Lisa said, "Oh Bill, please try I really have to go bad. I shouldn't have waited so long, oh God, why did I wait this long. The more I wait the worse it gets. Please hurry." As she talked, it seemed to no one in particular, but as commentary, she now crossed her legs, at first lightly but then I could see her muscles tensing. I knew this was serious. I pulled down once again, but again my fingers slipped from the zipper. It didn't move. It was almost impossible to grab tightly. What luck!! "Lisa I can't move it at all. The only thing we can do it to walk back to camp and get a pliers, and then it will come down. It's only about 15 minutes."

"No, no, I can't wait that long, I have to pee now! Do something, I don't care what, but do something before I can't wait and have an accident. Oh, please I'm beginning to hurt I have to go so much." She crossed her legs tighter, bending slightly for a minute, and then straightening up. "Look Lisa, the only thing I can do is to see if I can pull the zipper apart, but that might tear it completely." (I though of saying to her just to forget it and wet her pants, but the words wouldn't come out.) " Oh I don't care what happens to the shorts I just need to get them off, just do it quickly, please. I can't wait." And again in her softer voice, "Oh, God, why did I wait so long, I have to pee so bad." 	

I was almost shaking as badly as Lisa seemed to be. She was getting desperate, and I felt in a cold sweat. Here I was about to try to tear the shorts off this most beautiful girl, she about to wet her pants any moment, me reaching my hand inside the shorts from the top to get a good grip, and feeling as I did so that top elastic of her panties. I was nervous, to say the least, and taking hold of her short, pulled apart at the top. But I was so up tight that my hands slipped.

I tired again (hearing Lisa sigh), this time taking a deep breath, and pulled. The material ripped, and the zipper moved about two inches. The top of her white (and blue flowered) panties came into view. Lisa tried to pull them down (not even bothering about my presence) but the shorts were too tight, and she said desperately, "Try again, try again! They're too tight, I can't get them down." I took hold, this time taking a second to rub my fingers against her panties as I positioned my hands. Lisa was beginning to almost jump around, trying to keep from peeing in her panties and shorts, but I couldn't hold the shorts as she moved. "Lisa, don't jump, I can't hold the shorts when your moving so much. Just try to hold it in a little more." 	

She looked around at me. All this time I hadn't seen her face. She was now biting her lower lip hard, and tears had started coming from her very blue eyes. Her long golden hair hung down her back. I paused for a moment to look at her. I felt sorry but so turned on at her predicament and the great feel of her panties and shorts. She said, "Bill I can't wait if I don't jump, I feel like I'm going to wet my pants." She plunged both hands between her legs, and bent forward, as her tank top rode up slightly on her back. She was still, although she was swaying slightly from side to side. I was about to take hold of her shorts again when Lisa moaned, saying, "Oh, no, ooooh, please rip them off, Bill, quick, I can feel it coming. I can't hold it in, please Bill. I'm peeing in my panties a little."

I took hold of her shorts and pulled hard. The zipper gave, coming off on one side, at the same time as the seam below the zipper (at the bottom of her ass) tore down a few inches from the middle of her crotch. The noise of the tearing was unmistakable, and her shorts loosened around her hips. As Lisa was still in that semi bent position. I took a long view of her now partially revealed ass, covered by her panties. My hands were still on her shorts, and I let (in this short second or two) my finger relax on top of the soft cotton of her panties. I could feel the heat of her skin through them, and felt I'd come in my shorts right then.

Lisa straightened up but kept both hands between her legs. Her shorts sagged on her hips but did not fall down. She froze. I froze looking at her pantie covered ass. "Lisa, there off. Go pee!" She didn't answer. "Lisa! What are you doing?"

"If I move my hands I'm going to wet my pants even more. I can't move." I looked at the back of her legs and at her torn shorts. They seemed dry. In spite of her words she took one hand away from her legs and pulled the left side of her shorts down part way. I could see her entire left side of her ass now covered by those inviting white panties with blue flowers.

The blue elastic ran around her waist, and the lacy white elastic ran around her leg, and seemed to dive into her ass cheek, pulling the thin cotton with them at the bottom part of her wonderfully round ass. All this took only a few seconds. 	With the same left hand she tried to pull the other side of her shorts down, twisting as she did. "Oh, shit. Oh, oh, its coming again. Bill, help me. Pull them down, pull them down! I can't do it. I'm peeing in my panties, help me." As she spoke her hand went back between her legs. I waited a moment, taking in the breathtaking view. She began to bounce again, this time up and down. I gently and slowly pulled down the right side of her torn shorts.

They fell just below her ass, and hung there around her legs. I looked the crotch, but it was still caught between her tightly pressed together legs and her hands holding her crotch were holding the shorts up in front. "Lisa, go pee, they're down." She was silent. Her panties were tightly pressed to the round and firm contours of her ass 16 year old ass. They were so tight, indeed small, that they didn't really cover the top of her ass, but her ass cheek were exposed at the top while at the bottom of her ass her panties disappeared into the crack, exposing her ass from below. She was magnificent. 	

I was about to rub my hands over her ass, feeling on the verge of loosing a different type of control myself. Lisa moaned and crossed her legs even tighter, as her ass muscles tightened. "Lisa, stop this. Move your hands and go pee, now!" I almost commanded. She responded and in a very quick move got as far as pulling one side of her panties down (exposing one cheek of her ass), when she gave up and flooded everything. 	 	

At once a torrent of yellow pee shot through her shorts and panties as she spread her legs to accommodate the flow. Her shorts were now mid thigh, held up now by her spread legs while her half pulled off panties on the left side of her ass clung stubbornly to her right hip and both panties and shorts quickly became soaked. I kneeled down, eye level with her ass. Aside from the sound of her pee hissing from between her legs and pouring onto the dirt, I could hear Lisa crying softly. I was again torn between total excitement and feeling I should hold her and comfort her. But I continued to watch her pee pour through her half off panties, down directly into the crotch and bunched material of her shorts some inches below, and fall every which way onto the ground and down her legs, soaking her white socks and sneakers as well. I could no longer resist and put one hand under her shorts, feeling her warm pee cascade over and through my fingers.

I put my other hand under her panties as she peed directly into my palm, her warm almost hot pee running down my arm and then onto the ground. I wanted to push against the wet crotch of her panties but dared not. Her flow continued (she had been peeing for maybe 10-15 seconds) when she (now crying a little louder) slowly turned around to me. I withdrew my now soaked hands, and found myself staring directly at the front of her still very forceful peeing crotch. The front of her panties were, of course, soaking while on the left side they were pulled down, exposing a small bit of her pubic hair. The white flowered cotton material had become quite transparent, and the panties so tight, they seemed to be a second see through skin, from which her pubic hair shown through. Her shorts briefly held her pee, and then it overflowed and flowed through the material. I took her in.

I also breathed deeply of her pee aroma. I looked up at Lisa, who was crying and looking down at me (I was still kneeling), a little confused. Then with little warning she seemed to collapse, but really just melted to my level and put her head in my shoulder and cried. I put my arms around her shoulders (wetting them in the process) and could feel her still peeing as we both managed to get into a sitting position, Lisa on my lap. And she was still peeing, now with legs stretched out, somewhat apart--as much as her shorts would let them--and peeing all over me. With one arm around her shoulder I moved the other up her leg over her wet shorts and to her inner thigh towards her panties and the pee still pouring through her panties' crotch all over my legs and prick. She had stopped crying and now moved her head from my shoulder and looked briefly at me in the eye (a look that went through me) and then at her soaked panties. 	

"Oh, no, I'm sorry, I'm....I'm wetting all over you." She began to get up, but I held her with my arm, saying, "Its OK, don't worry."

"But I didn't mean to, I forgot, I'm so embarrassed, oh God, I'm still peeing all over and I'm trying to stop." She put one hand over her crotch, and I put mine over hers, feeling her pee still coming through her fingers. I began to move my prick against the weight of her body, and as she removed her hand from her crotch, I pushed mine hard against the warm and soaking panties, feeling the last few spurts of her flood. I was about to come and Lisa seemed to know, and almost seemed (perhaps she did) to move her hip against my prick. I came, grabbing her shoulder and pulling on her panties, by now with two fingers inside.

I felt the first explosion of cum, and in the now near frenzy ripped her panties somewhat. By the second spurt Lisa had put her head back in my shoulder and I pulled her panties down as far as I could, further tearing them and rubbing my fingers in the soft wet material. Her hand was still over her own wet crotch. I put mine on top of her and instinctively she began to move, beginning to masturbate herself with my hand moving over hers. In about 30 seconds she was on the verge of her own, very wet orgasm. She came almost quietly, but clearly, throwing her head back, and pushing her fingers deep inside herself, followed by my finger over hers, her panties also inside her pee soaked pussy.

We both held each other for a minute or two, feeling our now mutual wetness, her drops of pee still running down my legs and crotch, and feeling the hot sun beat down on us. Lisa looked at me, smiled, "I'm so embarrassed, I've never wet my pants like this before, I mean, right with someone I know, and, Oh God, you know, right on them and everything. Look how wet I've made you." She began to get up, pulling her ripped panties up, drops of pee wringing out in the process. She stood up, adjusting her totally soaked panties, torn on one side almost to the waist band. "Oh, heavens, my panties are so wet, and torn, too.

You can see right through them." But she made no move to hide her lovely pubic area from me, but instead ran her hands over the front of her panties, brushing the pee from them, as I sat there eye to crotch level. She slowly pulled her short up, little rivulets of pee dropping from them. Her shorts were very transparent also. Once around her waist she button them in back, saying, "I guess I can't zip them, you did a very good job of getting them off. Look, they're torn way down over my butt. I must be quite a mess, my shorts soaked, my panties showing in back, and dripping. What am I to do, Bill?" 	

I felt myself getting turned on again. I patted her wet leg, getting myself up, and only then realizing that it looked like I also had had an accident. Lisa also realized this and smiled while looking at my wet shorts and dripping legs. We stood inches from each other as Lisa shook her beautiful hair. "I need to go back to camp and put on dry clothes, but I don't want anyone to see me like this. Please, I'd be so embarrassed if anyone ever found out about me...you know, about me peeing in my pants because I couldn't get the zipper down. Promise not to tell, you have to promise never, never to tell anyone, please?" I dutifully promised, and Lisa hugged me, long and hard, as I let my hand roam over her still warm-wet ass, feeling her panties through the opened zipper.

She didn't object, and I squeezed her wet panties. I knew she liked it as she made no effort to move. I let my hand move as best I could between her legs, and then Lisa pushed her crotch toward mine. I moved my hand around front and began to rub her through her wet shorts and she, harder and harder, pushed against my hand. I undid the only button holding up her shorts and put my hand between the soaking shorts and wet panties, rubbing her clit through the wet pantie material. Lisa stood there, holding on to me, moving her hips more and more quickly against my hand, pushing her clit harder and harder against my two fingers, and then said, "Underneath, underneath. Touch me under my panties."

I push aside her panties and my fingers quickly slipped inside, deep inside, her soaking pussy. Within seconds she came, moaning loudly as she came. She held me tightly, kissing my neck. We both smelled wonderfully like pee, and I slowly removed my fingers from her crotch. She said, "That was really, really nice. I've wanted you to touch me all summer, but I really didn't think that this is how it would happen."

I hugged her. She continued, "You know, I didn't do any of this on purpose, I really had to go and my zipper really did stick. " I smiled again, saying that I didn't think she did. I then paused, asking, "But Lisa, how come you seem to have waited until the last minute?" She flushed, hunching her shoulders, "Well, its true, I like the feeling, the pressure, of holding on until it almost hurts, and then it feels really good when I finally pee. But sometimes it gets me into a desperate situation, like just now. But I've never wet my pants before when someone else was there, I mean, like this. And no one's ever touched me like you did when I was wearing wet clothes."

"You mean you've waited too long before, and wet you panties other times?"

"Let's walk back to camp," she said. "But Lisa, I want to know have there been other times you've wet your pants?"

"Yes, sure, some, but I was always alone or at least didn't know anybody when it happened." We walked, and I put my arm around Lisa waist and then her ass, taking in her wetness. I wanted to know more, but she didn't seem to want to talk, so I let it go. I did find out later about other times, and have added them to my mental list of girls wetting pants stories. We managed to avoid people, but near camp Lisa insisted on waiting in the woods, sending me ahead to see if people were still gone.

A few staff people were in camp, and we walked through the woods near to her bunk. Lisa was really embarrassed to walk in and finally asked me to go get her dry clothes, a task I relished only too much. I walked into her bunk (I knew where she slept), found her dry clothes. I had brought her wet sneakers with me, as she had asked me to, and got her sandals, a pair of white (very thin) shorts and a white top. I paused in front of her neatly folded pile of panties. There were perhaps 8 or 10 pairs, and finally I chose a pair I had never seen (seen, that is, through her shorts.) They were blue, with a lace panel in the front.

I brought the dry clothes back. Lisa smiled, and took off her top, revealing her gorgeous breasts to me for the first time. She liked me to look, and I gently kissed them. She slid on her top. She then dropped her torn, wet shorts, stepping out of them in a most lady like manner, and removed her socks. Her panties were still wet and torn. I put my hand to them one last time, and then smiled at her and ripped them off. She laughed. I gave her the dry blue panties, and gracefully slipped them on. She looked great in the woods dressing. Then I gave her the white shorts. Bill you choose the wrong shorts...You can see the blue panties right through them. You should always wear white panties under shorts like these."

"But Lisa, I've spent almost all summer looking at your panties through your shorts. I've gotten to know all your white panties (including with the colored patterns). This time you can wear blue one with lace." She smiled, and put on the shorts. The blue panties were obvious. How she'd explain to others why she changed clothes I never found out. I went to change my clothes, and we rejoined the others. 	

Lisa and I left camp two days later. I never told Anne, who I continued to see in a very nice if pee-dry relatinship. I've never seen Lisa since, but it seems like yesterday that we were in the woods. 
