BURSTING ON THE FARM: AN OMORASHI SHORT

INTRODUCTION

Home for the summer, college student Christy has gotten a job working on a farm. She loves the work, but gets more than she bargained for one day after forgetting to have a morning bathroom break.

Her work keeps her busy, but her bladder doesn’t forget to remind her every so often how badly she needs to go. One thing after another piles up before she’s forced into a very urgent situation.

After spending a grueling morning working through her desperation, Christy reaches her limit. She’s bursting for relief, but will she make it on time or will she wait a little too long to have any chance of making it to the toilet completely dry?

PART 1

Beep! Beep! Beep!

I turned over in bed and slammed a pillow on top of my head. It was too early to wake up yet, especially with the long day I had ahead of me.

Beep! Beep! Beep!

I opened my eyes to pitch darkness before realizing I still had a pillow over them. I flung the pillow off, sat up straight, and looked in the direction of my phone.

I hadn’t been dreaming after all. The alarm was blaring at top volume, encouraging - no, demanding - that I get up and start my day, which meant only one thing to my half-asleep brain.

“Shit, I’m going to be late!” I stumbled out of bed, shut off the alarm, and practically flew down the stairs and into the kitchen of the house I was staying in.

The alarm was supposed to be a last resort attempt to get me out of bed in case I didn’t wake up on time. I’d let it go on for at least a couple of minutes before I woke up enough to figure out that it wasn’t only that loud in my dreams.

I quickly poured myself a cup of coffee from the coffee pot and grabbed a biscuit to scarf down for some breakfast. As I shuffled to the long dining room table to sit down, I felt a twinge in my bladder.

I tried not to let myself hold a full night’s sleep-worth of pee for too long most mornings, but today I made an exception. If I wanted to relieve myself, I would have to go all the way back upstairs, which would take more of my precious time than I was willing to give at this point.

There was probably a bathroom downstairs, but I had yet to use it and the people I was staying with, an older farming couple, were already outside and hard at work.

“I should be out there with them about now,” I mumbled, taking a sip of the coffee that was too hot to gulp down, as much as I wanted to.

Home from college for the summer, I’d gotten a job on a medium-sized farm as a ranch hand. My own family had a small farm on a few acres growing up, so I knew a thing or two about the work. Todd and Marnie Havens, the couple I was working for, covered room and board as well as a small salary for the job. They were very kind to me and I was grateful to be here.

But they wouldn’t be as kind if I didn’t do the work I signed up for when I took the job.

I drank my coffee as fast I could and hurried back upstairs, being careful not to slip on the steps. Todd Havens had built this house himself when he and Marnie first bought the property, and as beautiful as it was, the floors and stairs were made out of slippery hardwood.

I pulled my pajama shirt over my head while simultaneously stepping out of my pajama pants. I paused for half-a-second to look at myself in the mirror. I’d only been working here for a couple of weeks, but I already had an impressive tan and my muscles were getting more toned by the day. I couldn’t wait for my boyfriend to see me when we returned to college after summer break was over.

I ran a hand over my belly. It was smooth and firm, except for the lower abdomen, which bulged ever so slightly. My need to pee had not disappeared since I woke up. In fact, I could feel it increasing as the coffee I drank worked its way through me.

“As soon as I get dressed,” I told myself, “I’ll have a bathroom break. I just need to be ready to go before I, well, go.”

I sped through all my bathroom activities, pulling a pair of tight jeans over that pesky bladder bulge. I struggled slightly to fasten the button, but only for a moment. By the time my jeans were on, I couldn’t imagine having to pull them down again.

I brushed my teeth, taking care to rinse my mouth out well after that coffee. I hadn’t realized how thirsty the biscuit I ate had made me until now, so I drank a glass of water. Then I decided I was still thirsty, so I drank another one just to ensure I wouldn’t get dehydrated. Mornings around here were cool, but midday in the summer was brutal and I planned on doing quite a bit of physical labor today, which meant I would be sweating and needed to replace the fluids I lost.

By the time I was ready to start work for the day, I was officially late. I knew Todd and Marnie wouldn’t care as long as I didn’t make it a habit, but I didn’t want to let them down. It was a matter of principle for me.

I grabbed my hat and a pair of leather gloves, headed back down the stairs, and opened the front door. I was greeted by the Havens’ sheepdog, Skipper. Skipper bounced all around me, flinging himself into the air before dropping back down to the ground on all fours.

“Hey buddy!” I exclaimed, bending down to give him a good scratch behind the ears.

As soon as I leaned over, I realized I’d made a critical mistake.

I forgot to use the bathroom.

How could I forget that when my bladder was already so full? Never mind, I would just go back in and use it super fast. Sure, my jeans were a pain to undo and redo, and sure, I’d have to run all the way back upstairs unless I wanted to hunt for a downstairs toilet, but the whole process wouldn’t take more than a couple of minutes. I was already a little late. How much would two or three more minutes matter?

“Christy, there you are!” Todd waved me down, a pair of clippers in one hand.

“Good morning, Mr. Havens!” I smiled and walked toward him. He always had different tasks for me to do every day, so I waited for him to tell me what was in the books for today.

“I’ve already fed most of the animals this morning, but I haven’t gotten over to the sheep and goats yet.”

I nodded. “I can feed them.”

“Good. And after you’ve done that, several of 'em need their hooves trimmed. You’ll have to check each one. Marnie did about half the herd a couple of weeks ago, but her back gives her trouble sometimes so she hasn’t had a chance to finish.”

“No problem.” I took the clippers from him and headed off toward the barn to grab some hay for the goats and sheep.

My parents owned a couple of goats for a few years when I was younger, so I had minimal experience trimming their hooves. I’d never seen the bottom of a sheep’s hoof before, but how hard could trimming them be?

PART 2

I paused halfway to the barn to adjust the waistband of my pants. My belt was a little tight, which I thought was odd considering I used the same hole to buckle it every day. Then I felt a slight pressure in my bladder and understood why it felt tight.

It was too late to go back to the house now. If I’d remembered when I was talking to Todd, I would have mentioned that I’d forgotten something and had to head back in before going to the goat and sheep pen. I hadn’t though, so I couldn’t exactly turn around and go all the way back to the house now.

The Havens did have an outhouse near one of their pastures, but that was even farther away than the house bathroom from where I was. Peeing outside on the ground was an option too, considering this was the country and their were no other people for miles around, but the woods were a few acres out and there was absolutely no privacy from the Havens anywhere nearby.

I took a deep breath, rubbed my legs together, and continued walking. My first break was only a couple of hours away. I could wait until then.

When I got to the barn, I set the clippers down and went over to one of the bales of hay. The Havens had a large number of sheep and a few goats, so I would need the whole bale to feed them this morning. Todd would probably have me turn them out to a different pasture later to get more food, but since I had to work on their hooves today, I couldn’t do that yet.

I lifted the bale by strings that held it together and heaved it up with a groan. Immediately, I realized what a colossal mistake I’d made.

I dropped the bale back on the barn floor and shoved a hand between my thighs.

“Oh God!" I breathed, looking down to make sure I hadn’t leaked. “I need to be more careful.”

I bounced in place for a few seconds longer, trying to regain some composure. I’d felt the pee reach the tip of my urethra, but I hadn’t leaked - yet. I wasn’t aware I was so desperate, but the pressure on my pelvic floor must have been enough to send a surge through my bladder.

My pee hole throbbed, but there wasn’t much more I could do. I had to get back to work. I slowly took my hand away from my crotch and hoped I was past the point of involuntarily leaking. I desperately regretted all that water I’d drunk before going outside and the coffee wasn’t helping either, but the only way to get rid of that liquid was impossible for me right now.

I slid my fingers under the twine once again, this time being more conscientious about how I lifted the bale. I had no choice but to pull it close to my body, where it rested against my abdomen and pressed hard into my bladder.

I clenched my pelvic muscles and shuffled forward, wishing the goat and sheep pen were closer to the barn. As it was, the pasture was only a few yards away, but that was a few yards too many.

I finally made it to the gate where the animals flocked to greet me. They bleated and snorted and jumped up on the gate as I brought their breakfast

“Hang on, guys!" I told them through gritted teeth. “You’ll get your breakfast soon enough.”

I braced myself against the gate and lifted the heavy bale over it, letting it drop into the pen. Another spasm rocked through my bladder and made me double over. It lasted for only a second or two, but it was long enough to make me worry about how much longer I had to wait to release its contents.

I jumped down off the gate, sending a tingling sensation through my urethra again.

“I need to be more careful,” I muttered, rubbing my hand against my pussy.

I wished I could shove my hand underneath my pants to give myself a better grip, but I couldn’t undo them out here in the open, and even if I could, I seriously doubted my ability to fasten them again. Looking down at my belly, I could tell how bloated I was. I could feel the bulge straining against the thick denim. I would kill to be wearing some leggings or sweatpants right now - something with a soft, adjustable waistband.

Pulling myself out of my fantasy, I removed my hand from the front of my jeans and forced myself to separate my legs and open up the gate. The animals were waiting for me to release the bale of hay, although they weren’t being very patient. As many as could fit around the large bale were tearing little chunks out of the tight rectangle.I pushed past a couple of smaller sheep, took a knife out of my pocket, and cut the twine, sending the hay cascading out in all directions.

Now I had to wait for them to eat up as much hay as they wanted before I could pull any of them away and start working on their hooves.

I danced in place, humming a frantic tune absentmindedly. Each time I swayed my hips or my hand brushed against my thigh, I was reminded just how much liquid was still coursing through me on its way to my bladder.

My need was getting worse by the minute. Even if I’d had my morning pee before I left the house, I wasn’t sure I wouldn’t have been desperate right now anyway, it was that bad.

Some of the goats began to step away from the hay and wander down the fence line looking for more interesting snacks. That was my queue to begin leading them toward their stable where the stands were.

The goat and sheep stands where the platforms I could lock them onto and check their hooves without too much resistance from the creatures. Most of them were exceptionally well-trained by the Havens and had no problem standing still for a few minutes, but a few of them were younger, feistier, and not as used to have their legs and feet touched by a scary human.

I didn’t know the animals well enough yet to be able to tell which was which just by looking, so I grabbed a handful of grain from a bucket hanging on the outside of the fence and enticed a couple of goats and one sheep to follow me.

We made it all the way to the stable before I realized I’d forgot my clippers, the one tool I absolutely needed to have to trim their hooves.

“Fuck me,” I said, sighing in exasperation. “I can’t believe I could be so stupid.”

I had to go all the way back to the barn, find where I’d set the clippers down, and walk back to the stable. The goats and sheep I’d gotten in there the first time had finished the small pile of grain I left with them and were gone, so I had to go back to the pasture and find them. I dragged them back with me, wishing I could keep my legs glued together the whole time.

Every time I had to separate my legs, I could feel the pee at the tip of my pee hole, begging to be released. One wrong move and I would leak, I just knew it.

“Come on guys,” I coaxed the animals. “Let’s get this over with quickly.”

The first few goats I got onto the stand didn’t need trimming, so I let them go quickly. When I finally found one who did, I had to crouch down and get to work.

Squatting was a nearly impossible feat for me to accomplish. I jammed my heel in my crotch, seriously considering kneeling down to give myself a better way to physically hold the pee in. One look at the ground and I decided that was unnecessary. I would rather keep my jeans semi-clean than have to walk around all day with smashed poop pellets and dusty hay bits stuck to my knee.

This goat seemed to be one of the younger ones, because every time I picked up her leg, she jerked it away from me. It didn’t matter how much I tried to support her body with my arm or how quickly I tried to clip away the overgrown hoof. She was determined to make me suffer.

I bounced up and down in an effort to not leak piss into my underwear, but that made it all the more difficult to complete the job I was trying to hurry through.

When I was finally done with the one goat’s hooves, I shot back up and walked around the stable, unable to stand still for even a second.

“Okay, who’s next?” I asked, releasing the freshly trimmed goat.

A sheep wandered over to me and began to nibble at the hem of my jeans.

“I guess it’s you, then.”

I helped her jump onto the stand, locked her into place, and braced myself to get back into a squatting position. I sucked in a large amount of air as my bladder compressed, sending a wave of desperation through my whole body.

At the rate I was taking to trim these hooves, I wouldn’t be done at least until my morning break, so that was something to look forward to. I already had my plan for relief all mapped out in my mind. It was the first thing I would do the moment my break started.

The sheep’s hooves were similar enough to the goats that I was able to quickly figure out how to clip them. Well, as quickly as I could when I had to grind against my heel to keep myself from leaking in this uncomfortable position.

PART 3

I dealt with several other sheep before coming to the last goat who needed his hooves trimmed. This guy was a buckling and was at the age that his feistiness had turned into a bit of an issue for whoever had to deal with him. In this case, it was me.

“Come on, bud!" I pleaded with him. “Get on the stand so I can get out of here.” I bit down on my lower lip and moaned. “I have to piss so bad!”

The buckling didn’t seem to care about my predicament. He pulled away from me every time I tried to make a grab for him and by the time I finally got all four of his feet on the stand’s platform, I felt like I was about to burst.

“Make this easy for me, okay?”

The goat bleated and stamped his feet. I could already tell he wasn’t going to make my life even the least bit easy for the next several minutes.

He struggled against me every single second, to the point where I began to get worried I might cut him. He thrashed about so wildly, I had to jump up and step out of the way until he calmed down multiple times.

Every time I got up, my bladder got jostled and sent a shiver down my spine. I felt like crying, but that would be stupid. I was a grown woman, not a little girl. I could control my bladder if I had to.

I rubbed my hand over my belly, alarmed at how large the bulge had gotten. I was tempted to loosen my belt, but decided against it. I was worried that if I messed with anything around the area of my bladder, I would only irritate it further and foil my attempts to hold on for a little while longer.

When I finally finished with the ornery goat, I let him go from the stand. At first, he seemed content to trot away and bother some of the other goats with his pent up energy, but before he got out of the stable, he turned around and made his way toward me, bouncing through the air like he had a spring in his back legs.

I didn’t have time to get out of the way and he butted into me full-force, his horns clashing with my midsection. As soon as he made contact, I dove out of the way, but it was too late. I landed on the dusty, dirty stable floor ass-first, a jolt of pain coursing through my bladder.

I took a second to make sure I wasn’t injured before clamping my legs together to stem to impending flood. I was certain I’d just leaked, if not out of desperation than out of pure shock, but I was still too stunned to tell.

I reached my hand down, silently praying that I would feel nothing but dry fabric. My prayers were answered, but not for long.

The buckling had run out of the stable, clearly more interested in something else now that he'd gotten back at me for imprisoning him for 15 minutes. I got up slowly, moving stiffly as I tried to avoid compressing my bladder.

I wasn’t slow enough, because as soon as I took my hand away from my crotch and focused on getting up, I felt a slow trickle make its way out of my pee hole.

I gasped I shoved my hand back in its place.

My jeans were still dry, but my underwear were almost certainly soaked through.

I’d managed to stop the leak with my hand, but it had made me more desperate than before and the way my pussy throbbed from the short relief made me want to just let go and accept the consequences.

No, I had to get up. I had to make it to the toilet. I couldn’t allow myself to have a full-blown accident, especially not when I’d made it this far. I only had a few more minutes to go now. All I had to do was find Todd or Marnie, tell them I was going on break, and make a run for that glorious bathroom in the upstairs hallway.

I waddled out of the goat and sheep pen, my bladder feeling like an over-filled water balloon inside me. I had to move my hand away from my pants so that the Havens wouldn’t see me in this state, but I did it as carefully as possible so as to make sure I didn’t leak anymore.

I’d seemed to have gotten that last wave of urgency under control, so for the time being, I felt safe to walk as normally I could manage. As long as I got to the bathroom in the next few minutes, before the next wave hit, then I would be fine.

“Oh, Christy, there you are!” Marnie called from the house porch. “I thought you’d already gone back inside.”

“Nope, I just finished trimming the goat and sheep hooves", I explained to her.

“Great. I do have one more favor to ask of you before you take your break.” She smiled hopefully.

My heart sank, but I couldn’t say no. I was working a paid job and I’d agreed when I started to help out with anything they wanted. “Sure, what is it?”

“Mr. Havens has a horse riding lesson booked with one of his students today, but he had to run into town last-minute to buy some supplies for a sick cow. I was wondering if you could do the lesson instead? It would only be this one time, and I know you mentioned having a horse growing up.”

Just say no. Tell her you're not comfortable doing it. I couldn’t lie. Marnie was right; I did have a horse for several years when I was younger and I was a pretty good rider. I could certainly manage one lesson with a ten-year-old.

“Of course, I would be happy to.” I smiled through the pain I was feeling. It was killing me to try to stand still, and even that meant shifting my feet every couple of seconds and bending my knees enough to keep the pee from moving down my pee hole and into my damp underwear.

“Thanks!” Marnie exclaimed. “The girl’s already here - her name is Hope and she’s in the barn. I know we’re cutting into your morning break, so Mr. Havens got the horses tacked up before he left, and I can cool them down and untack them after you get back?

That was one small mercy at least. “Awesome. I’ll head over to the barn right away.”

“Oh, before you go, you’ve been working hard the last couple of hours. I have something for you to make the lesson a little easier.” Marnie disappeared into the house for a moment.

Please don't be a drink, I silently wished. Please be anything but a drink-

“Here, some fresh-squeezed lemonade.” She handed me a tall glass of the pale yellow liquid and my bladder spasmed.

“Thank you!" I said, taking the glass from her while I scissored my legs back and forth as discreetly as possible.

She waited for me to take a sip, so I took a long swig from the glass. As I did, a trickle of pee forced its way out of my pussy. I nearly choked on the lemonade, but I managed to swallow it while clenching my muscles as tightly as I possibly could.

Another drip made its way out, and then I was able to stop the flow. Then another drop, but I stopped it again. I had no idea how I was able to hold the torrent of piss back with just my pelvic muscles, but I was certainly glad I wasn’t full-on peeing myself in front of my employer.

“It’s perfect!" I told her, finishing off the rest of the lemonade and handing her back the empty glass. “It just hit the spot.”

To be honest, it was good and I wished I could enjoy it more. My bladder had screamed at me the entire time I was drinking it, and I knew that about halfway through the lesson I was about to go start I would regret drinking the whole glass so quickly, but it hadn’t hit yet. In fact, maybe I would be lucky after all and I wouldn’t notice the lemonade’s effects on my bladder until after I was done with the lesson.

Maybe, but with my luck, probably not.

PART 4

I made it to the horse barn without too much trouble. Hope was waiting by her horse, who was tied up outside the barn along with Rocket, the gelding I would ride.

“Hi, Hope!” I said. “I’m Christy.”

“Hi, Christy.” Hope waved at me and smiled.

I couldn t let this poor girl down, not when she was expecting a quality lesson from me today.

“How long have you been riding?” I asked, hoping a conversation would help take my mind away from my aching bladder.

“About 2 years. How long have you been riding?”

“Well, I first started when I was about 8 too, so 9 years or so now. It’s been a little while since I was last in a saddle. In fact, the last time I rode was in a parade for the 4th of July.” I chuckled thinking back to that day. “I’d been drinking a ton of water all morning because it was so hot, but they only had outhouses there and there were long lines. By the time I had to be on my horse for the parade, I had to pee so badly I couldn’t sit up straight in my saddle. The bouncing from the horse was pure torture.”

Hope laughed at my anecdote, but I paled as I realized how similar my predicament now was to that story. I’d made it with dry pants on the day of the parade, but just barely. My panties were the victim of a few leaks from being jostled around by a trotting horse.

I remembered running to one of those outhouses, ripping down my nice riding pants, and unleashing a torrent of piss into the bowl, and I wasn’t quite as desperate then as I was now.

My bladder thrummed in pain and pressure, reminding me just how full I was and how much more liquid I had to make room for before I got sweet, sweet relief.

“Anyway, shall we get started with the lesson?” I asked, shaking myself away from that horrible memory and all the feelings it was dredging up in the present.

“Yep, I’m ready!”

“What were you doing with Mr. Havens up to this point?”

“Well, last time I asked him to take me on a trail ride 'cause we’d been working on some other stuff that wasn’t nearly as fun. Do you think we could go on another trail ride today?”

I wanted to make this next half-hour as easy for myself as possible, so I agreed.

“Oh, and last week were worked on cantering during the ride. That was super fun.”

“Cantering, huh? I think I can handle that.”

I instantly regretted agreeing to that aspect of the ride. Cantering would be murder on my poor-overstretched bladder. Still, I wasn’t going to take back my word, so I steeled myself for the coming torture and we got on our horses and set off.

I traded my hat for a helmet and untied to horses so we would be ready to go. I wanted to get this over as soon as possible, but I also didn’t want to forget any important steps in my haste and end up making it take longer than necessary.

Mounting a horse was a whole new world of desperation for me. Rocket was a big horse, and although he was patient and as gentle as a lamb, I really did need a stool to give me a little extra height boost, but I was too stubborn to go get one.

After a painful minute of struggling to get into the saddle, I finally made it and Hope and I took off down the drive at a leisurely pace. I wasn’t too familiar with the trails around here, but figured Hope could help me out in case I got a little lost or turned around.

“Should we take a left or a right?” I asked as we reached a fork in the gravel road.

“Left,” Hope said decisively. “We went right last time.”

“Left it is then.”

Sitting atop a horse was both a blessing and a curse for my desperate state. My pussy being pressed up against the saddle helped me hold it in, but keeping my legs so far apart made me feel more desperate than ever. If I leaked through my jeans now, it would be obvious with the way my legs were spread.

Hope seemed be concentrating on her own riding, which was a small blessing, I was able to keep one hand firmly beside my crotch in case of a leaking emergency without her noticing.

We reached a bend in the trail and hope pointed to a straight stretch up ahead. “Do you think we can practice cantering here?” she asked.

“Why not?” My fate was already sealed. If I could make it through the bounciest section of this ride, I might be okay after all.

I’d forgotten about the lemonade I’d down a little while earlier, though, and mere moments before I nudged my horse into a trot, I felt a familiar tingle in my bladder.

Oh no.

It was already filling up more and there was nothing I could do about it. We’d only just started the ride. It was too early to head back yet, but it was also way too early for me to be feeling the effects of that last beverage. I could only assume that my kidneys were worn out for the day and I would have to deal with liquid traveling right through me for a while.

Our horses broke into a bouncy, bumpy trot and I gritted my teeth. I leaned forward to nudge my horse into a canter and Rocket took off, well, like a rocket. I wasn't quite prepared for his gusto, so I bounced around the saddle, my butt lifting into the air before dropping back onto the saddle with a painful thud.

A spurt of pee warmed my underwear. I had no idea how my horse was going to take another stride without me letting loose more piss with every thud.

Hope was having the time of her life. She sped forward, laughing and yelling: “This is amazing!” I wish I shared her enthusiasm.

Rocket wanted to keep up with the horse Hope was riding, so before I could reign him in, he lunged forward and followed Hope’s horse’s trail.

“Slow down, Hope!” I called, hoping my voice wouldn’t get lost in the wind.

I was fighting a rapidly losing battle. I’d leaked so much urine at this point, I was almost certain I had a big, visible wet patch. I couldn’t look down while we were going so fast, but Hope must have heard me, because she slowed her horse back into a fast trot.

I pulled Rocket in and forced him into a walk, as unhappy as he was that he couldn’t catch up to the other horse.

“Good boy,” I told him, patting the side of his neck.

I had bigger problems to worry about than an eager horse, so I braced myself for the sight of darkened pants before looking down. I was so glad Hope was in front of me so she couldn’t see anything.

There was a small area that looked wet, and when I reached my hand down to finger it, I felt the wetness on my skin.

“Fuck,” I whispered. “This is a problem.”

If the crotch of my pants was wet, my butt had to be even worse. The way I was sitting sent most of the wetness back. I was about to pull my fingers away when a warm trickle met them. I was peeing again.

I couldn’t stop it no matter what I tried. I clenched my exhausted muscles, I pressed my finger as close to my pee hole as I could manage, I ground my pussy into the hard saddle, but I was too full. My bladder couldn’t hold anymore liquid and it was protesting by sending it out in a full, painful trickle.

It would be so easy to let go on top of this horse. All I had to do was move my hand and relax my muscles a tiny bit. I probably didn’t even have to move my hand. At this point, one more physical barrier would be nothing for the jet of pee I would be sure to release if I stopped trying to hold it back.

“I think we should turn back now,” I told Hope in between a leak. I couldn’t focus on my words when I had piss uncontrollably trickling out of me, so I chose my moments carefully. “We’ve been out here for a while.”

“Aw, come on, just 5 more minutes!” Hope pleaded.

I checked my watch. We’d been gone for about 15 minutes, would would add up to exactly half and hour if we turned back now.

“No, we should go back. I don’t want Mrs. Havens to worry about us.”

“Okay, but can we canter down the straight stretch in that trail again?”

“No, I don’t think so. The horses are pretty worn out and we don’t want to overdo it for them.”

Hope nodded, seemingly understanding. I couldn't tell her about my predicament. She was at the age where she would think it was funny and would probably tease me about it, which would only make the situation worse.

We turned back and slowly made the journey back home, our horses keeping a nice, leisurely walking pace. Part of me wanted to go faster, but the other part knew I couldn’t handle the bumpiness. It was already bad enough. Each time Rocket stepped on a large rock or found his footing in a dip in the path, I was jostled around.

When we turned around, I’d managed to press my crotch down into the saddle enough to stop the trickle of pee. It also made my pussy completely numb, which wasn't great since I could feel how close I was to leaking. I didn’t know what would happen when I dismounted, but that was a problem for when we got back and I was so close to my relief.

Hope chattered on about school and her previous horse lessons and her dog she’d gotten for her birthday last year. I half-listened, but it was hard to concentrate on what she was saying when my bladder ached with every second that past.

I had to hunch over in the saddle. I knew it was bad posture, but I literally couldn’t sit up straight anymore. It reminded me of that parade, only ten times worse.

PART 5

We rounded the bend where we’d first broken our horses into a canter and continued down the path to one of the forks in the road. I took the path we’d gone down on our way out, only this time it looked a little different. The trees seemed a little larger and the brush was more overgrown.

“Hope, is this the way we took on our way out here?” I asked, growing increasingly concerned that we might be lost.

“Um...” Hope looked around. “I think so,” she said uncertainly.

“It looks a little different to me. I hope we didn’t take a wrong turn back there a ways.”

We kept going forward despite my concerns. I wasn’t quite ready to admit defeat and turn back, but another few minutes into the ride, I realized we were only heading deeper into the woods.

“I think we went the wrong way,” I finally said.

“Let’s turn back and retrace our steps.”

Hope followed my lead, turning her horse around. We got all the way back to the place where I thought we might have chose the wrong direction before I stopped to take stock of the situation.

“Okay.” I looked around. “This was definitely where we went left earlier, isn’t it?” Hope nodded so I continued. “Which means we should have gone right, not left.” I hoped I was making sense. It was impossible to think with a bursting bladder that threatened to release itself in my pants at any second. “Then let’s try going right this time. I think that’s the right way.”

I let our horses munch on some underbrush for a few seconds longer as I made sure we were going the right way this time. As Rocket ate, he began to urinate on the ground directly before us.

It was pure torture listening to the pee hit the dirt. It felt like being near a waterfall when you’re about to burst, only worse because he got to pee when I wasn’t afforded the same luxury.

I took a deep breath and nudged him onward when he was done. “We really need to get back,” I said. “I need - Mrs. Havens is going to start worrying if we don’t get home soon. Mr. Havens might even be back by now and he would worry, too.”

Hope hadn’t seemed to notice my slip of the tongue. I hoped she wouldn’t notice the wet patch on my jeans, although it was drying quickly in the warm summer sun.

Fortunately, I chose the right path the second time around and we made it back to the Havens’ driveway without any more trouble. Todd Havens’ car was still gone, but Marnie was waiting by the barn for us.

“You two alright?” she asked. “Only you were gone for almost an hour.”

I smiled sheepishly, wishing I didn’t have to admit I’d stupidly gotten us lost.

“Miss Christy just wanted to be nice and take me on a long ride,” Hope piped up, “since Mr. Havens wasn’t here today.”

“Well, that is nice, isn’t it?” Marnie beamed at me. “Thank you for your help today, Christy. I think you should have the rest of it off since you've worked so hard.”

My face lit up. “Really? That would be great!”

Right now I had only one thing on my mind, and that was getting to a bathroom. I stiffened as I swung one leg over the saddle and slid down, my lower abdomen pressing against the leather saddle. I could hardly believe how full I was. I'd never held this long in my life, considering the last time I’d peed was before I went to bed the night before.

Even thinking about that made me want to let my bladder explode. I could only imagine how long I would pee once I finally got to sit down on the toilet. The mere thought was heavenly, but I couldn’t let my thoughts run wild about that yet, when I was still so far away from a bathroom.

“I guess I’ll head inside,” I said as casually as possible. “I’ll have some lunch and then take a short rest, maybe a nap.”

“That’s a good idea. You look worn out. I’m sure a nice, long rest would do you some good.”

I nearly jogged away from the barn before realizing how bad an idea that was. Each stride jolted my bladder, sending waves of sheer desperation through me. I slowed down to a walk, before having to change that into a shuffle that kept my thighs as close together as possible.

I made it to the front door before I lost a spurt.

It shot through my underwear and dampened the outside of my jeans. I didn’t even have to look to know how visible it was. The fabric may have dried from my previous leaks, but it didn’t take much to rewet it.

I paused, bending down with my hand clamped hard against my pussy. I bent my knees and bobbed up and down, letting a soft moan escape my clenched teeth.

“Ooh, I have to go so bad,” I murmured, closing my eyes until the urgency had passed.

Every second I spent trying to keep myself from an accident made it more likely I would have an accident. I was toeing a line between not making it to the toilet on time from constantly stopping and not being able to hold back the desperation in an attempt to speed to the bathroom.

I made it inside and stopped to kick off my boots. Marnie had a strict ‘no shoes’ policy in the house. I had to stop again by the kitchen counter, which I gripped as another wave of desperation washed over me. It was so bad, I had no idea how I wasn’t leaking. All I could think was that I’d forced my brain to make my over-worked muscles hang on just a little bit longer. I gave my body no choice, although I wasn’t going to have that agency over it for much longer at the rate I was going.

Too much coffee, too much water, too much lemonade had all led to this moment. If I’d gone in the morning before I left, it might not have been this bad. It might have even been manageable.

But this level of desperation was completely impossible to manage. I duckwalked down the hallway, looking for the downstairs bathroom that I knew had to be in this house somewhere.

I didn’t really have time to find it, but I couldn’t fathom climbing the stairs in the state I was in. I opened every door in the hallway, but each one led to something that was not a bathroom. I was in such need of relief, I even considered letting go in a sink if I could find one.

I had no such luck, however, so I continued down the hall in search of a real bathroom. I couldn’t find it anywhere. My fate was decided.

“I have to climb the stairs,” I breathed. “If I can just make it up the stairs, I can run to the bathroom and go.”

Go. I had to go right now.

My bladder contracted, sending a trickle of pee down my leg. I felt it travel all the way down to my foot and waited for the trail to show up on my jeans. It did, but just barely. You would have to stare at my leg to see it.

I gasped as another spurt fought its way out, this time spreading around my crotch with the force with which it came out.

I fumbled with my belt, ready to rip my pants down and shove my hand directly against my pee hole. It was all I had left to do to keep myself from fulling losing it at the foot of the stairs. The buckle finally cam loose and the relief in pressure was immense. I popped the button open on my jeans and then undid the zipper, all of which finally allowed my bladder bulge to expand all the way.

I nearly looked pregnant. I would have laughed or taken a picture to send to my boyfriend if my situation weren’t so critical.

I slid my hand inside my pants, inside my wet panties, and found my pee hole. My pussy was dripping wet with piss, but I didn’t care. I was going to get messy no matter how this ended, and I would rather it be on my hand than all over my jeans and socks.

I took a deep breath, gripped the staircase railing and took the first step up. I immediately had to pull my other leg up and twist them into a pretzel-like shape, but it was no good. I lost another spurt, this one pooling in my hand. I pressed my forefinger directly into my pee hole and while it burned, it stopped the piss from coming out.

My bladder throbbed. There was quite literally no room left in it and the lemonade I’d had an hour or so ago was still filtering into it. I had no choice but to keep climbing the stairs, no matter how much I leaked.

Every step made me dribble a little bit more against my finger. I knew it I took it away, I would lose a waterfall. So I kept it in place and prayed that no one walked inside the house while I was in this state.

After an eternity, I reached the top of the stairs. I was almost home free. I just had to make it down the hallway, get my jeans and maybe my underwear out of the way, and sit down on the precious porcelain throne. I was closer than I'd ever imagined I would make it.

With my hand still buried in my crotch, I took a triumphant step forward and quickly shuffled across the floor. I went as fast as I could go, because even if it made me leak a little more, I was close enough that the majority of my pee would make it in the toilet.

I picked up my pace, letting my legs separate enough to carry me in a stilted run. My bladder could barely take that, but I’d nearly won anyway.

And then I slipped on the floor, my feet coming out from underneath me. My hand was still pressing against my pussy and I could remove it in time to brace myself for a fall. I landed face first on the hallway floor, my arm pressing against my bulging bladder.

It spasmed, sending a jolt of uncontrollable desperation throughout my lower abdomen.

Piss sprayed out between my fingers, filling my underwear and my jeans. It cascaded down my legs, pooling underneath me I couldn't stop in. No matter what I tried, it didn’t work, and this time, that proved to be my downfall.

I didn’t have a saddle to press myself against. My hand wasn’t enough on its own. I couldn’t pull myself up on time to run to the bathroom. I’d lost.

I sat up slowly, pee still draining from my bladder, and moved my hand away from my crotch. It was drenched in piss, but I honestly didn’t care.

The relief after such a long, torturous number of hours holding in desperation, was incredible. I felt so accomplished, even though I was wetting myself like a naughty little girl in someone else’s house.

I sat up against the wall, leaning back into it and closing my eyes. I peed for what felt like a few minutes, the warmth spreading from the crotch and ass, down my legs, and even up onto my shirt. I’d never peed this much before. I didn’t even think I could hold this much pee.

I opened my eyes when the last few drops trickled out and I assessed the damage. There was a large puddle on the floor, so I took my shirt off and mopped it up while I was still sitting in it. I didn’t care anymore; every single piece of clothing

I had on was wet.

I peeled off my socks and dropped them on top of my shirt. Then I pulled off my soaked pants and went to remove my underwear, but decided to keep them on. They were still warm and the warmth felt nice against my pussy.

I would have to take a shower, but first I needed to throw my clothes in the laundry and hide any and all evidence of my naughty accident.

I should have felt bad, but I didn’t. All I felt was relieved, a little turned on, and the slow building of pressure in my bladder as it began to fill up once again.
