Bridge over Golden Waters

Author: Accidental Tourist (1998-03-04 at 12:02) #10520

Well, I will try to do my part, rather than add to the complaints about the death of watersports.

The day had not started out well for Jenny. She had overslept, snug in her bed in her Sausalito apartment. Waking up with a start, some 30 minutes after hitting the snooze button, she realized that she didn't even ahve time for breakfast and a shower. She had to throw on the first avocado-colored pantsuit that her fingers found in her closet, and race out the door — she had an important client meeting at nine o'clock in the city.

Almost immediately after pulling out of the parking garage and onto the street, she hit traffic. She wasn't going anywhere fast, so she pulled over into a drive-through coffee kiosk and purchased a tall “Red-eye”: a triple espresso with three teaspoons of sugar. Then she pulled her BMW back into the slow-moving traffic.

Traffic was backed up all the way into town from some sort of accident on the Golden Gate Bridge. Slowly she made her way up out of the village toward 101. As she finally merged with the freeway traffic, she felt some strain in her bladder. She hadn't peed that morning in her haste to leave for work, and now the coffee was having its effect.

“Oh well,” she sighed to herself, “there's no turning back now.” She glanced wistfully across the roadway at the vista point for tourists to look back at San Francisco across the Golden Gate, and its restrooms. Traffic continued to creep across the bridge.

Jenny's car reached a point under the first cable tower, when traffic stopped entirely. She supposed that a towtruck was finally moving the accident away. She turned off her engine. She sat there for a few minutes, her need to pee rapidly building. She thought about getting out of her car, but it was a long walk back to land. And she wasn't wearing a skirt, so there was no way for her to pee discreetly on the sidewalk. She was starting to feel quite desperate by this point, and squirmed uncomfortably in her seat.

There! At last traffic started to move in front of her. She turned the key in her car's ignition, but there was no sound at all! Someone behind her honked. She tried again, but there was absolutely no response from her engine. She was stuck!

Resignedly, she got out of the car and stepped over the guardrail onto the sidewalk. The chill wind cut through her thin woolen pants legs. Momentarily forgetting about her need to pee, she walked toward the emergency callbox about 50 feet away. She picked up the receiver and heard a ring. When the dispatcher answered, she explained her situation.

“How long is it going to be?” Jenny asked her.

“Well, Ma'am, it'll be awhile. All of the tow trucks are on this end of the bridge, and I don't know how long it will take them to get through trafic to where you are.”

“Oh, no,” Jenny gasped. “Is it OK if I leave my car — I really need to get to a restroom.”

“I wouldn't do that, Ma'am. If the towtruck driver gets to your car and you aren't there, the car will be impounded.”

Jenny sadly hung up the phone. She went back to her car and dailed her office, asking them to explain to her client and apologizing for her lateness. Sitting in her car seat with nothing to do, her urgent need to pee returned. She sat for awhile, and then decided that there was no way she could wait. She'd have to take the chance that she could reach the northern end of the bridge, about a half mile away, and somehow cross over to the restrooms.

She started walking, ignoring the exasperated looks of other drivers. After about 5 minutes, she had just reached the entrance of the pedestrian tunnel leading under the raodway when she spotted a towtruck slowly trundling onto the highway! She turned and began running back toward her car. It was difficult to run, much less walk, because of the pressure in her bladder. She felt a squirt of pee come out into her panties, and had to stop to collect herself. She managed to will her bladder to hold on, and walked the rest of the way to her car, arriving moments before the tow truck. She stood there, the icy wind on the bridge making her feel her overstrained bladder even more urgently.

She knew now that she was probably not goign to be able to hold her bladder long enough to reach the other end of the bridge. She tried to think about what she could do. She could maybe manage to remove her pants and pee in her car. At least she'd be dry and no one would see her. Or she could pull down her pants and pee on the bridge — she'd be dry but the entire world would be watching. No, she'd pee in her car, she decided. She could wait that long. She'd face the consequences later, of getting her car cleaned. The towtruck pulled to a stop behind her car.

The towtruck driver got out. He stepped over to her and started to explain how she would need to keep the car in neutral and steer it while he pushed the car over the bridge. Suddenly Jenny gasped, clasped her legs together and forced her fist into her crotch, as an almost uncontrollable wave of urgency swept over her. “Are you OK, lady?” the driver asked.

“Yes, I'm ... NO!” she whimpered. “I really have to pee.”

“Oh, yeah, don't worry, I see that situation all the time,” the driver said. “Look, climb up the ladder onto my truck bed in back. It's pretty private up there, no one can see from the roadway. Just pee up there. I'll clean it out later.”

Jenny flashed him a grateful look, and she hobbled the few steps down the sidewalk toward the back of his truck. But as she was clambering over the guardrail onto the roadway, her desperately streched bladder and painfully strained muscles gave way, and she began to pee uncontrollably. She stood stock still on the sidewalk, in full view of the other curious drivers, and wet her pants for all she was worth. A dark stain spread across the crotch of her pantsuit, rapidly wending its way down the inside of her thighs toward her feet. The sudden warmth down her pants legs quickly grew cold in the chilly wind, and still she peed. As she began to realize what had happened, she burst into tears. Gradually the flow diminished and she stood there in her huge puddle, crying.

Jeff, the towtruck driver, couldn't believe his eyes. The attractive redhead he had just told to climb into the back of his truck to pee had just pissed her pants right in front of him. A dark circle of wetness covered her crotch and ass, down the inside of one thigh past her knee and down the other all the way to the ground. After getting over his shock (and some futile attempts to hide his hard on under his orange overalls), he helped the still crying woman over the barrier and into her car.

Slowly the truck pushed the car across the bridge toward the parking area at the south end. Jenny, sitting in her sopping pants and steering the BMW, was beginning to warm up a little. The rumbling of the tires on the roadway and the movement of her foot on and off the brake stimulated her crotch gently, and fow some reason her mind flashed back to the only other time she could remember wetting her pants in public, on the school bus on a field trip in the sixth grade. Now her legs and thighs were getting warmer, and the faint smell of urine was somehow a turn on.

Her right hand stole to her crotch and she rubbed herself gently through her soaking pants and panties. She thought about the handsome tow truck driver pushing her car along, and how he had tried to help her out of her predicament. She glanced in the rearview mirror, but all she could see was the front grill of his huge truck. She rubbed herself harder and faster, and was tempted to close her eyes and lose herself in the tingling feelings; she had to remind herself that she was still at the controls of a moving car, even if it didn't feel like she was driving.

Finally, the car rolled to a stop in the parking area. The driver climbed down from his truck and walked over to the woman in the car. Jenny looked up at him and smiled. “Thank you for trying,” she said. “This is so embarassing.”

“Oh, gee,” he replied, “don't worry about it. It didn't bother me in the least.”

Something in his tone of voice caused her to glance down, and this time she noticed the sizeable bulge in his trousers. The sight caused a lightning bolt to flash through her already tingling groin. She couldn't believe what popped out of her mouth next: “I can see that it didn't!”

Now it was his turn to blush, but Jenny, stammering, continued, “I don't know what I'm going to do now. I can't go to work like this, and my car isn't going anywhere from here without some repairs.”

“Ya know,” said Jeff, “I'm just getting off work in fifteen minutes. I could give you a lift back to your place — I live up in Marin too.”

Jenny smiled shyly. “I'll wait right here.”

