The Origins of Infinite Capacity-10

Author: Splashfics

10. Holding On Tight

Carmela arrived home that evening to find Chandra at the kitchen sink filling up for the second time.

‘Evening, Sweetie.’

Turning to greet her aunt's cheerful voice,

Chandra noticed she looked rather pleased about something as she took off her coat.

‘Darling, you aren't busy next Sunday are you?’

‘Next Sunday? Why?’

Chandra felt a prickle of panic at the mention of this crucial date. Her mother was due to spend Christmas week with them in West London, but was leaving on the Friday due to work obligations. She'd hoped she would be free to wander off and find a more private place to go to the toilet once the time came during the weekend...

Faced with such a direct question however, she couldn't bring herself to explain why she needed to keep the day open.

‘Erm, no, I'm not busy,’ Chandra replied, hoping that whatever it was Carmela wanted to do, it would be well before the fall of night.

‘Excellent. So, since your mum's going back on Friday and everyone's busy doing their own thing on new year's eve, how about we have a cosy little dinner with some of my besties on the thirtieth. I've told them about you and they're all super keen to meet you.’

Chandra's initial reaction was one of horror and quite frankly there would have been no arguments were she awarded the Oscar for best poker face that night. Carmela none the wiser, Chandra raked in all the details she could and agreed to everything, then as soon as it was reasonable to do so, she collected her jug and retreated to her bedroom. She placed the container on her dressing table and sank to the floor, her brain coming to terms with this new twist...

At some point during the evening, she would have to pee— abundantly and more audibly, she feared, than she would be able to conceal with several guests in the house. Once again the recollection of poisonous tongues and sharpened words flashed in her memory. The feeling of being bombarded as she went helplessly behind her stall door, glued hopelessly to the toilet seat. A multitude of wide eyes appalled and astonished at her body's consummate defiance of the laws of biology. Their stares burning into her, stirring up an electricity that was impossible to quell.

With only thirteen days ahead of her, regardless of how scared, worried or excited Chandra felt, she knew that planning would be essential. Until now, she'd overlooked one detail from her previous experience and that was how much of a hard time her muscles had coping when struck with sudden urgency. She fancied she could very much do without wetting herself again, so she went right back downstairs and stayed up for hours on Carmela's PC, scouring the internet for any form of advice, or method she could use to prevent this from happening.

Adult nappies were out of the question... Not only because she wouldn't have had the courage to buy them in the first place, but in honesty, because Chandra was confident that even the highest capacity nappy on the market wouldn't be enough for her. The absurdity of this thought led to her imagining how many pairs she would realistically need to wear in such a scenario and when she finally arrived at the image of herself steadily peeing through a hundred of them, she realised she was running the risk of becoming fatally distracted, something she would do well to avoid whilst sitting in Carmela's PC chair.

Quickly finding her focus again, Chandra soon discovered a message board touting the marvel of pelvic floor exercise; Kegels were exactly what she was looking for. By exercising the muscles that kept her bladder sealed she could potentially gain enough control to allow herself to at least excuse herself when the time inevitably came around. According to one poster, with regular exercise and regular rest in between sets, she could expect to see results in a couple of months. But Chandra needed results much sooner than that. After some consideration, she deduced that if she skipped the rest between sets, she might be able to increase the overall efficiency of the training. She figured the function of rest was to prevent muscle fatigue, but seeing as she wasn't using her sphincter at all these days, she boldly reasoned she had nothing to lose and everything to gain by pushing herself past the limit.

So she put the exercises into practice straight away, clenching her way up the stairs and for the few minutes in bed before she fell asleep that night. She clenched when she woke up the following morning, clenched while she stood in the shower and while she ate her toast at the breakfast table with Carmela. Any and every given moment, Chandra would be clenching for as long and hard as she could bear, then she'd release and repeat. While she hoped nobody could tell what she was doing, occasionally, perhaps once every several dozen reps, if Chandra was in the middle of another action, her body would stiffen awkwardly, which if spotted, could potentially lead to speculation. And this is precisely what happened two days later on the final day of term...

Attempting to nip straight home at the end of the half day, Chandra's plans were dashed when she bumped into Jade just outside her classroom door. Jade had taken to waiting for Chandra on the off chance that, as neighbours, they might walk back together. Since she’d moved in next door, she'd wanted to invite Chandra over, but to her disappointment, Chandra was slippery enough to evade her in the after school hustle and bustle. This time though, Jade wasn't to be outfoxed and unable to avoid it, Chandra found herself heading home with company today.

It wasn't such a pain. All Chandra had planned for the first afternoon of her three week holiday was more kegel exercises, so it wasn't as if she wouldn't be able to still do that, so as Jade talked excitedly about her plans for Christmas, Chandra counted her steps. She was making excellent progress and was now able to clench for a couple of minutes at a time. With the slightest of quivers she released her locked muscles for two seconds, then clenched again with all her strength. Jade spotted this and without breaking stride she asked, ‘Oh, do you have to pee?’

The question was casual enough, but Chandra, with her current complex was taken aback.

‘Well gosh, err... I suppose I've not been in a while... ha ha.’

She felt her response was appropriately vague, without sounding too weird, but Jade only grew more concerned.

‘Will you be okay? Do you want to stop somewhere?’

Chandra most certainly didn't.

‘Oh no. I'm fine, I'm err... really good at holding it...’

Chandra thought she was being funny, but

Jade's face suddenly lit up.

‘Gosh, I'm like that too. I just forget to go and then I end up bursting all of a sudden. But then I still don't go because I’m weird, ha! And then I don't need to go anymore. And then I forget again, ha ha! But seriously though, isn't it just the best feeling when you finally go?’

With a lowered voice, Jade leaned towards Chandra's ear.

‘I haven't had sex before, but I bet it's like that...’

She blushed and started giggling. Chandra had never heard anyone talk about holding their pee in such a way and out of nowhere she felt an entirely unexpected desire to find out more about this girl, as if seeing a part of herself in her.

‘Tell me about it!’ Chandra agreed, letting her guard down slightly, but still wary of revealing too much information for the time being.

She decided she’d be keeping her major cards close to her chest... Jade on the other hand, appeared quite eager to reveal almost everything about her peculiar habit.

Within minutes of arriving home, Jade invited Chandra to join her in the kitchen.

‘Do you want to play a game?’

She stood at the island counter, smiling over two very large glasses of water.

‘I do this sometimes when I'm bored... Let's see who can last the longest without going to the toilet..!'

Chandra grinned. This was right up her alley, but there was no way Jade could fairly compete against her in a holding contest. Not unless Jade, too had a secret she was hiding... But how could Chandra tell her that without sounding completely full of herself. She would have to go along with it and hope that Jade wasn't so competitive that she ended up killing herself... Sheepishly, Chandra picked up a glass and knocked it back in tandem with her opponent...

‘When was the last time you went?’ asked Jade, taking a breath and wiping her mouth.

‘Err...’ Chandra hesitated.

Even if she told the truth here, there was no way Jade would believe her. Although that might be a good idea, she thought.

‘Like, last month...?’

Jade, appropriately, burst out laughing.

‘Ha ha! No, but seriously. I actually forgot to go this morning when I got up! Do you ever do that?’ This being an every day occurrence to Chandra, she'd almost forgotten what the opposite felt like, but given that Jade didn't have an enchanted bladder, it was quite a thing to do...

‘I do sometimes actually...’ she replied, remaining coy. 'I haven't been at all today, either!’

She thought it best to pounce on this opportunity to deflect the question and it worked. Jade was suitably impressed and thankfully distracted.

But as the afternoon stretched on, Chandra was the one growing more and more impressed. Jade could really hold her pee; especially if what she said about forgetting to go this morning was true. It was only when she'd stand suddenly, or laugh at a particularly ticklish joke that her knees would bend and she'd cross her thighs in fleeting desperation.

Finally, when afternoon became evening, Jade's valiant fight appeared to be nearing its conclusion. By now, the desperation was more permanent and flashbacks of Cordelia floated intrusively into Chandra's mind. She quickly dispelled them though. Jade was nothing like Cordelia. For a start, Jade was nice to her.

‘Chandra, I'm bursting. I've never held this long before...!’

Chandra could only grin back at her guiltily.

‘Ooh... I really want to beat you,’ Jade moaned. ‘You're way too good at this!! Ouch.’

The praise made Chandra smile. Jade definitely wasn't like Cordelia and she was really beginning to like her. Which was all the more reason to get her to throw in the towel as soon as possible.

‘Aren't you ready to give up yet?’ Chandra asked playfully.

‘Never!!’ yelled Jade, now holding herself tightly with both hands.

Chandra had to do something.

‘Well then, let's raise the stakes. Let's have another drink, shall we?’

Jade's face slackened. She looked at Chandra for a moment, unsure if she was serious, then watched as she walked to the kitchen, collected from the drying rack the same glass she'd used earlier and filled it without hesitation.

‘There's no way...’

Jade was awestruck. Chandra brought the glass to her lips and drank from it as though dying of thirst. She turned back towards the sink for yet another refill, but as she did so, Jade's resolve collapsed.

‘You win, Chandra...’

With those words, Jade shot up the stairs to seek desperate relief and without even closing the door behind her, let it ring out for all to hear as she proclaimed her joy to the empty house. Once more Chandra was taken aback. This time by an almost minute long, thunderous pee that reached her ears at the foot of the stairs.

‘Bloody hell, Jade!’ She exclaimed, to which Jade responded with laughter.

‘That was heaven!’ Jade floated downstairs and joined Chandra in the hall.

‘The best wee I've ever had! Don't you want to go, too, you must be bursting?’

Chandra couldn't lie and with an impish shake of the head drew an incredulous reaction from Jade.

‘What? Seriously? But you haven't been all day, right?’

Another guilty grin.

‘Wow, Chandra... You're my idol, ha ha.’

Jade's mother and father arrived home from work some time shortly after and the two girls enjoyed each other's company until it was time for dinner. Jade insisted she was welcome to stay, but Chandra, not wanting to impose, decided it was time to go back next-door. She had a sneaky suspicion that Jade really wanted to see her finally reach her limit. A suspicion that was confirmed when, while waiting for her to put on her shoes in the hallway, Jade lowered her voice and asked Chandra, ‘Do you need to go yet?’

Once again, Chandra grinned and shook her head without saying a word. She left Jade at the door, her mouth open in melodramatic shock as they both held back their giggles and said their goodbyes.

Chandra couldn't believe her luck. She'd made her first proper friend since Sara. She was ecstatic, but not only for that fact alone... What were the odds that there'd be someone right next-door with similarly 'off-centre' interests as hers... It was almost as if forces outside her control were at work once more.
