The Music Festival

Copyright 2018 Kaylee Kennicott

Another year, another typical music festival. The sites got more crowded, the tickets got more expensive, and the management of the internal organization got crappier.

Last year, the big issue was that there weren’t enough water fountains, or stations to obtain water, and a lot of people got seriously dehydrated over the weekend. Some had pressed charges against the hosting organization.

This year, there were plenty of water fountains — but there was a significant lack of porta-potties or available places to relieve oneself.

There were no permanent bathrooms installed, no actual facilities: just a row of porta-potties, most of them filled up by the end of day one and roped off with big OUT OF ORDER signs. It got to the point where there were only a handful of operational ones, and the lines to use them took nearly two hours to move through.

People were getting desperate.

This was in the summer of 2013; I was attending the music fest with my boyfriend, Felix, and our two friends Joey and Jessica.

The four of us were sharing a tent and, on the morning of the second day when we went out to join the line to the bathrooms, we already knew we had to do something before the situation got worse.

There were suggestions of chamber pots; of walking some distance away from the camp and just squatting on the ground; or, alternatively, (and mostly as a joke) using the tents and campsites of the lead organizers as our own personal toilets.

That was also the year that the music festival organization decided to overcompensate for another deficiency of the previous year by adding increased security measures.

Which meant, as we learned later, that men in uniforms, full of bluster and bravado, were stationed throughout the camp and had the power to dissuade or punish us if we did not relieve ourselves in the sanctioned toilet areas.

It was only the morning of the second day when we witnessed the first instance of a girl banned from the festival: we were all standing in line at the porta-potties, and one poor girl was literally dancing with the need to go.

We were still at least 20 minutes from the front of the line, and this young woman had both hands clasped over her groin with a desperate look on her face. She didn’t even care that others in the line could see her bursting with need; she was so desperate to piss. And anyone who saw, of course, was sympathetic. We were all suffering with the same problems.

Clearly this girl had a lot to drink the night before, and needed to evacuate as soon as she woke up, but by the time she made it out to the toilets the line was over an hour long.

We were a little farther back from her, but we watched the look on her face grow increasingly uncomfortable, and the speed at which she shifted from foot to foot sped up.

She would literally bounce in place, and then crouch down on the ground, and then stand up again, all the while with her hands firmly clamped over her crotch.

“Oh my god/ Jessica murmured, looking over at her. “I think she’s going to wet herself right there.”

It was a near thing. She was trembling with the effort of holding. But there were still about 50 people in line ahead of her by the time she finally cried out, “I’m sorry! I can’t do this anymore!”

All heads turned towards her at her outburst, and we all watched as she yanked her shorts down and squatted right there on the ground.

Holding the fabric out of the way, her piss shot a forceful stream into the dry ground and kept up its torrent for a long time.

"Damn,” said Joey. “No kidding. She really had to go.”

She was still peeing, but now her eyes were fluttering and she looked unsteady, like she might lose her balance any moment just out of sheer relief.

“Oh my god,” she moaned. “I had to go so bad.”

“She’s still going,” Felix said. He sounded impressed. “Christ, look at her.”

After several long minutes, the girl wiggled a bit, stood up, staggered, pulled her shorts back up, and smiled hugely at the crowd.

“Sorry, everyone,” she said. “I literally couldn’t hold it anymore.”

There was a sympathetic murmur from the crowd, lots of “no worries girlfriend,” and “you gotta do what you gotta do.”

And that’s when the security guard materialized over her shoulder, took her by the elbow, and said, “I need you to come with me. Grab your stuff, let’s go-"

“Um,” was all she said before being led off - and the rumors and gossip immediately started.

We found out soon that she was indeed expelled from the festival; the other friends she came with left too, since she couldn’t go home without them.

Everyone was angry, of course. Furiously angry. But no one wanted to be the next one to get banned for such an idiotic reason.

We heard of a few others who got caught, of course. After that first incident, there were lots more accidents. But it seems that word had spread and people were figuring out how to conceal it better.

I knew a few people, seasoned festival veterans, the kind of folks who attended Burning Man every year, who actually did bring their own bags for waste, since they were used to doing it at other sites. But this was a different situation: we had been promised that these things would be provided for, and instead we were being vilified for making ends meet when their promises fell short.

Lots of people thought about leaving, but -- we were all there for the bands, at the end of the day.

We were there for the music and the community and the scene, not for the management or administration or the daily frustrations.

Others considered civil disobedience, and there were lots of muttered conversations about how satisfying it would be to relieve oneself on the tent or bedding of whomever was poorly-running this thing.

I actually did hear a story - though I don’t know if it was myth or true — of one young man who stood at a distance behind one of the rudest security guys, unzipped his pants, took out his dick, and pissed right into the guy’s shoes.

Everyone laughed when they got to the part about how he chased the kid around with his shoes squelching on the ground. But, of course, the kid was banned too.

Somehow — I don’t even know why — Felix, Jessica, Joey, and I all managed to schedule our bathroom breaks efficiently, and make it to the porta-potties on time without courting accident or discomfort.

Until the evening of the third day.

I had been drinking beer all day. Lots of people at the festival did drugs, and though I didn’t have anything against it, I just preferred the familiar buzz of alcohol.

But I got so tipsy that I didn’t keep very good track of how much I had consumed...until a pressure around my belt-line told me that I would have to move, quickly, towards the bathrooms.

Jessica and Joey were dancing together near Felix and me, so I leaned over and tapped on Jessica’s shoulder, making a face.

“Do you need to go?” she shouted over the noise. I nodded, and so she kissed Joey, grabbed my hand, and helped guide me through the crowd to the exit.

“How long do you think the lines are today?” Jessica asked when we got off the dance floor and out past the roped-off area.

“I shudder to think,” I said. I was already walking uncomfortably from the pressure in my bladder. I had the thought that I might be able to wait until we got to the site of the porta-potties, but there was no way I could wait in a line longer than 10 minutes.

“Let’s cut through the camp,” she suggested, and I readily agreed. It was better than taking the long way around the perimeter.

But Jessica slowed down when we reached one particular section of the campsite and I saw her peering around corners.

“What’s up?” I said. I was pressing my knees together whenever we paused on the path, forcing myself to hold it, trying not to think about how much I needed to go.

“Just checking something,” she murmured, and then, with a glance in either direction at the empty campsites — everyone was off enjoying the music - she actually poked her head into a tent flap.

“Jess!” I said, shocked.

“It’s okay,” she grinned, pulling her head back out.

“No one is in there. You know whose tent that is?”

“Whose?”

“One of the event organizers,” she said, winking.

“Oh my god, Jessica...”

“Specifically...” she paused for dramatic effect. “The guy who was responsible for ordering five times as many porta-potties as he actually did.

I heard through the grapevine that he pocketed the rest of the money instead of paying for an adequate supply.”

“Oh my god! Jessica!” I exclaimed, now outraged.

“Coast is clear,” she winked again, holding the tent flap wide open. I followed her in.

###

I was squirming a little as I maneuvered my way through the narrow opening of the tent: squirming with the need to pee. Every little motion of my body seemed to put extra pressure on my bladder; every twist of my torso felt like I was wringing it out.

Jessica sighed happily as we entered, and she spread her arms wide, like, “isn’t it great?” but I was more nervous about the time we had.

“What if someone comes back?” I hissed.

“You saw the place out there. It’s like a ghost town. Everyone’s by the stage.”

It was true. We hadn’t come for the headliner, the main act of the weekend, but they were currently playing: and it seemed like we were the only ones not watching. Hell, maybe even the lines to the bathroom would be reasonable right now.

But it would still take several minutes to walk to the porta-potty site, and I didn’t have several minutes.

“What...what should I do?” I asked her. “I mean, do you have to go too? Or are you just trying to get me in trouble?”

“Oh, I definitely have to go now,” Jessica grinned, sitting down on top of the sleeping bag. “I’m glad I wore a skirt today.”

“Me, too,” I said. “Um, so like, what are-” Before I could even finish my question, Jessica squatted, peeled aside her panties, lifted her skirt above her hips, and urinated a forceful stream onto the navy sleeping bag.

It soaked up her piss and left dark rivulets on the fabric.

“Mmmmm,” she moaned. “Finally.”

Oh fuck. Seeing her piss, I couldn’t hold it anymore. I didn’t even bother to push my panties aside; I knew they were about to get ruined.

The guy had a nice hammock set up in one corner: this wasn’t really a tent, and more like a small pavilion. I sat down on the edge of the hammock like it was a swing, braced my feet against the ground, and pulled my skirt up.

Then I released.

Wetness came gushing out of me, so forceful that it raised a tiny arc even through the fabric of my cotton panties.

Pee soaked through my underwear, spurting out through every tiny area it could escape from, and streamed onto the hammock below, then dripped to the ground.

“Dang, girl,” said Jessica, watching.

I relieved myself utterly in the hammock, sitting there dreamily, swinging slightly in midair. There was a huge wet patch running through the middle by the time I had finished.

With Jessica’s encouragement, I peeled off my sodden panties and stuffed them into the bottom of his pillowcase.

The coast was clear on our way out too; Jessica and I practically skipped back to the festival, feeling free and light and refreshed.

Only to find the boys back on the dance floor with grimaces that implied their own bladders were full to bursting.

“Why didn’t you go find a place to piss?” Jessica cried once Joey informed her sheepishly of his own need.

“We thought you might not be able to find us in the crowd if we left, so we just...stayed here.”

I hugged Felix until he drew back slightly, massaging his abdomen with a worried look. “You, too?” I asked. He nodded.

“It’s completely ridiculous!” Jessica burst out. “Look around us. Look at all the people who are literally having sex on the dance floor.”

It was true — just next to us, a girl had her legs wrapped around her boyfriend’s waist and his pants were unbuckled. I could see the top of his pale ass-cheeks as he thrusted, the denim slipping down around his hips.

“The administration here condones practically everything,” Jess continued. “Drugs? Sure. Sex in public? Whatever. But relieve yourself, fulfill a basic human need, when you have no other cleaner options available to you, and suddenly you’re outta here? What a damn joke.”

“Yeah, it’s crazy that they’ll let guys whip their dicks out to actually fuck someone on the dance floor, but they can’t pull it out to just piss on the ground, where it hurts nobody,” I added.

Jessica turned and looked at me. “You’re a genius.”

“Huh?”

“A damn genius. Joey! I have an idea.”

“What?”

“Fuck me,” Jessica said, her eyes shining brightly.

“I really don’t think I’m capable of that right now,” he said, shifting his weight from foot to foot.

“No, not really. But as a ruse. Take your cock out, stick it inside me, and piss.”

“What? Really?”

“Yes!” she said impatiently. “You won’t make it to the bathrooms at this rate. We have two more days to go and I’ll be damned if you get sent home early without me. I’m wearing a skirt. If you piss inside me, it’ll just stream out onto the floor, but if it looks like we’re just fucking, no one will bother us.”

“God damn,” Joey groaned — whether with surprise, or arousal, or frustration, I don’t know — but he immediately began to unbuckle his pants.

Jessica knew a few tricks; you don’t date someone for seven years without knowing how to get them hard, even when they desperately need to piss.

So Joey had enough firmness to slide himself into Jessica while we watched: she wrapped her legs around his waist and bounced on his cock a little, until he winced and held her by the hips, keeping her still and in place.

“Ohhhh fuck,” he moaned, and then I could see the stream: a little dribble, at first, as it leaked out of her, around Joey’s cock which was stuffed inside.

But then it picked up in force, and pattered straight down to the ground from between Jessica’s legs. “Oh fuck, I’m pissing inside you, hon.”

“I know, baby,” she said, holding tightly to his shoulders while she glanced downward. “It feels nice for me, too.”

Felix and I looked straight at each other and I could see a little shiver run through him.

“C’mere, Fee,” I said, pulling him in close to my body. I leaned in and whispered, “I’m not wearing underwear.”

“Oh fuck,” he murmured. “I think I just leaked in my pants a little when you said that.”

I reached down and undid his belt one-handed, moving the buckle to one side, while the other unzipped his pants. He was almost cringing and recoiling when I did that, dancing, wary of the pressure I might put on his bladder, even while he was thrusting his groin forward, trying to get closer to me.

“Oh god, I have to piss so bad,” he moaned.

“I’m going as fast as I can, babe,” I said hurriedly, popping open the top button and carefully lowering his waistband to free his cock, which was half-stiff and, yes, already leaking at the tip.

“Hurry,” I said, standing on one leg to put the other around his waist and shimmying my skirt up a few inches to give him access. He didn’t hesitate.

I felt the tip of his cock probing my entrance and then he thrust in suddenly, spearing me.

“I can barely-” he gasped, and then I felt the smooth muscles of his cock convulsing — he was pissing inside me.

I felt the warm liquid bubbling up for several moments before it overflowed and spilled out of me, bathing Felix’s cock in his own piss.

He groaned deeply, his mouth brushing my ear; the feeling of him inside me, and the sounds of his relief, were rapidly turning me on.

Next to us, Joey had finished pissing, and was now fucking Jessica in earnest, heedless of the puddle on the ground below them.

Felix was so busy focusing on me that he couldn’t spare a thought or a glance for our friends. He grabbed my other leg and lifted it up around his waist, supporting me under the ass as he bounced me on his cock. His member was still dripping with piss but rapidly swelling in size as he achieved his relief.

When his eyes refocused, they met mine, and both of us saw the intensity in each other’s gaze. I swallowed, hard.

“Um...” Felix said, tracing his hand along my back, holding me flush against him. I could still feel his piss leaking out of my body.

I let out the shaky breath I had been holding. He leaned in and kissed me, hard.

“I think...” he murmured.

“We should do that again,” I said. “More.”

“And at home,” he nodded. “Yes.”

Gingerly, I dismounted, and he tucked himself away — we weren’t so bold as Joey and Jessica, to actually fuck on the dance floor (and, judging from her shrieks, they would soon be rejoining us), but...both of us had a revelation.

Sometimes you go to a festival to make friends, to listen to good music, to participate in the community -- and sometimes you realize unexpected things about yourself. Festivals are a time to break down those barriers, to experiment, and try new things.

Later that night, we heard that the organizer responsible for ordering the porta-potties — the one whose tent Jessica and I had defiled — had been fired. I guess the truth had come out that he had pocketed the extra money.

Within a few hours, some trucks arrived at the campsite with a whole fresh lot of toilets, and soon the old (filled) ones were removed. We didn’t have any issues for the rest of the festival, and there were no more piss-related accidents.

But - even with the new toilets - Felix and I didn’t always make use of them.

###

Kaylee Kennicott is 27 and writes erotica. You can follow her blog at kayleekennicott.tumblr.com

