Car Adventure

Author: ppPanties (1999-01-23 at 23:01) #27100

The more I think about blatantly wetting in public, in broad daylight, the braver I get as I lead up to that day. This story is far from public in that sense, but risky, fun and naughty nonetheless.

The workday was coming to a close, so I was finishing up a few things and shutting down my computer. I had had a coke in the afternoon, and always had a big mug of water on my desk at all times (I love those desperate trips to the bathroom) Today, instead of stopping by the lady’s room before getting in the car for the long commute home, I decided it could wait until I got home. Of course, I already felt the urge to pee, so I knew it would be a struggle, if not impossible, to make it home before wetting myself.

I always keep a large plastic bag and a towel in the car… for ‘emergencies’, so I put them on the seat before I got in the car to head home. Now, I had a stop to make, so I didn’t want to totally soak myself before going into the store. I had a long drive before even making that stop, so I was sure it would be all I could do to keep my already full bladder from bursting. I was wearing a very short, tight skirt, panties and brown tights. I didn’t want to get my skirt wet, so I pulled it up above my ass.

Soon I began to squirm and struggle and occasionally had to reach down and hold myself. I couldn’t avoid a few small spurts of pee, and reached down to feel the small wet spot on my tights. It was just a small spot, so I was in no danger of getting discovered as long as I could hold it until I got to the store. But that spot grew, as the urge to pee became even stronger. I could feel the warmth spreading, and as I pressed my fingers against my pussy, I was wondering if the spot would show below my short skirt.

There are several traffic lights on the way, and I’m sure every single one of them was red… like some unknown power wanted me to suffer. There was a lot of traffic, as there always is at this time of day, and I was sure, while stopped at each light, that my squirming and rocking must have been evident to the drivers and passengers in the cars around me.

I held myself tight as I finally made my way to the store and parked my car. Now this was a little tricky. I had to get up and out of the car, adjust my skirt… all while squeezing my legs together in an effort not to lose it right there in the parking lot… which I actually might have done if I wasn’t going into the store. Maybe next time. I might feel naughty enough soon to make that puddle on the pavement in that parking lot, as long as I can just hope right into my car.

Well anyway, standing and squeezing my legs seemed to help me regain control, but not before I felt another spurt of pee. This time I felt it trickle down my leg a bit, but I didn’t think it would be noticed. I went into the store to make my purchase. It was a small variety store, and there were 3 or 4 customers inside beside myself, plus 2 employees. I had to wait for the people in front of me before I could make my purchase. I was squeezing my legs and a bit antsy. By now I really had to go badly, and I know people were watching me do my desperation dance. I didn’t dare look down to see if they were noticing anything else… like a wet spot showing below my short skirt.

Amazingly, I made and paid for my purchase without gushing pee onto the floor, and nervously made my way back to the car. Now I didn’t much care what happened next, and began to let it go as I got into the car. Warm pee was streaming down my legs and soaking my tights. As I continued home, I couldn’t help but play with myself as warm pee trickled through my hand. A glorious feeling! I pulled into my driveway and finished my deed and left a lovely puddle as I unlocked my door. Once inside, I went to the mirror to inspect my creation, and reached under my tights and played with myself through dripping wet panties.

Hope you enjoyed my adventure… I’m sure there’ll be more.

