Discussion of Bladder Training
   Entry to: Week 37
By Wolfgang (1997-11-09)

Many of the people personally interested in holding-it seem to me to believe in the fact that a big bladder is God's gift. But nevertheless it's mostly rather hard work to achieve a 24 hours' capacity and neither a simple play nor done within a fortnight.

I think the most essential method is to ignore the usual "ceremonies" of peeing during the day: you should NOT go to the bathroom just because you're going to dinner, to lunch or even to breakfast!!! If you don't feel more than a significant contents of your bladder, and especially no real urge, you should WAIT, WAIT an WAIT again. When you voided at night just before going to bed there is mostly no necessity to do it again by early morning, though you might think so. After a "normal" sleep my bladder contains only 300...400 ml and that's really no reason for instant relief. So just keep it in until your 10 o'clock break or even till noon. Even with a "normal" bladder you should be able after some trial to reduce voiding to twice a day. You need not necessarily keep to this frequence, as it is perhaps not too kind concerning your kidneys to do it each and every day, but I talked of TRAINING YOUR BLADDER... And remember: YOU are the boss and not the bladder!

Anyhow, I don't think that occasional deliberate extreme holding-it will damage your urinary system. As there exist people with a maximum capacity up to 1500 ml (I hope they don't exaggerate...) 1000 ml should be an achievable quantity for many average men and women. (It is only a pity that until now I could not get in personal contact with any individual holding as much as 1 1/2 liters)
