About the Author

Author: WIlliam Abbott

Because you always wanted to know

Julia works in clay, and she works BIG. The piece she’s working on now is a few inches taller than she is, the absolute limit of what will fit in the kiln, and she has to use a stepladder to get to the very top of it. Often she’ll work all day without a break, getting into an almost hypnotic state where she loses all track of time and of her body until she’s either dizzy and weak from hunger or her bladder is at the bursting point. And that last can be a problem, since the bathrooms...

Well...

She’s telling us all this as we sit on the floor eating sub sandwiches. My wife Anne and I have both known Julia since right after college, and as we were in town on business today, we decided to drop in and visit and see her latest piece. She loves talking about her work and she’s chatting away happily as we eat, pausing now to take another mouthful of her sub. She’s already put in four or five hours of work today. Her hands are clean but her arms are crusted with dried clay and her tank top is positively caked with it. As she leans forward for a napkin I see it flaking off into her lap. I also see the deep cleavage behind the V-neck of her tank, and the soft sway of her breasts that tells me she’s loose underneath. She’s only ever been a friend, but she’s really cute and I’m enjoying the eye candy. Her bare legs are also crusted with patches of dull grey. My eyes settle

Julia works in clay, and she works BIG. The piece she’s working on now is a few inches taller than she is, the absolute limit of what will fit in the kiln, and she has to use a stepladder to get to the very top of it. Often she’ll work all day without a break, getting into an almost hypnotic state where she loses all track of time and of her body until she’s either dizzy and weak from hunger or her bladder is at the bursting point. And that last can be a problem, since the bathrooms...

Well...

She’s telling us all this as we sit on the floor eating sub sandwiches. My wife Anne and I have both known Julia since right after college, and as we were in town on business today, we decided to drop in and visit and see her latest piece. She loves talking about her work and she’s chatting away happily as we eat, pausing now to take another mouthful of her sub. She’s already put in four or five hours of work today. Her hands are clean but her arms are crusted with dried clay and her tank top is positively caked with it.

As she leans forward for a napkin I see it flaking off into her lap. I also see the deep cleavage behind the V-neck of her tank, and the soft sway of her breasts that tells me she’s loose underneath. She’s only ever been a friend, but she’s really cute and I’m enjoying the eye candy. Her bare legs are also crusted with patches of dull grey. My eyes settle for a moment on her crotch. She’s cross-legged in very short cutoffs, thighs spread wide, and in the shadow of the little hollow on her inner thigh, my imagination sees wisps of pubic hair. Or maybe it’s not my imagination. Those cutoffs are awfully short.

I catch myself staring. Anne wouldn’t mind —she takes a mischievous delight in watching the way a pretty woman can turn my head— but I don’t want to be rude or make my friend uncomfortable, so I turn to look around the studio instead.

We’re on the third floor of an industrial building downtown. Exposed steel rafters span a twenty foot high ceiling and the walls are bare rough brick. The floor is hardwood, stained and discolored with the outlines of machinery that once filled this room, but still smooth and flat and level, which matters for her kind of art. One whole wall is north-facing windows. It’s a bear to heat in the winter time, she tells us, but the neutral light is perfect for working in a three-dimensional medium, and the open space gives her a feeling of expansiveness.

“So the bathrooms... ?” says Anne.

Yes.

I could never have prompted Julia so directly—not without giving away how my heart went pitta-pat from where she left her story hanging—but Anne can be totally cool about it. She urges Julia to go on, knowing the effect it will have on me, and when she glances over at me, her eyes have mischief in them that no one but me would catch.

“Mm! The bathrooms...” Julia wipes a bit of mustard from the corner of her mouth with the back of her hand, “...are all the way down on the ground floor.”

“Oh, I know what that’s like,” says Anne. “I’ve worked at job sites like that. I hate it.”

“There are stairs,” says Julia, “but those are all the way at the far end of the building. The elevator’s usually quicker.”

The elevator she’s talking about is a freight elevator, a ponderous, groaning affair with massive doors that close from the top and bottom rather than side-to-side. There’s a strap to pull them closed, and Julia has to haul on it with all her weight to get them to shut, which they do with a boom that echoes down the whole hollow length of the elevator shaft.

“Sometimes...” she says. She smiles with sudden embarrassment and looks down at her sandwich. “Sometimes...well...” She glances down the length of the studio, to where a big square slate sink is perched on stout iron legs next to a heavy wooden countertop. “Actually most of the time, lately...” She looks down at her sandwich again, picking at a stray bit of green pepper. “I don’t even bother. I just pee in the sink.”

I’m intrigued. Anne cranes her neck, looking out the floor-to-ceiling windows. “Isn’t it a little exposed?” she says. Across the street, another old industrial building faces this one with windows of its own.

Julia is blushing now. “I try not to be too obvious,” she says. “With the lights off, I don’t think anybody can see very much in here.”

Anne shakes her head. “I wouldn’t be that brave.”

Julia is chewing another bite of her sandwich. She swallows and goes on, “Mm. Yeah. Well, me neither. Not at first. But there was this onetime... I couldn’t... It was just awful.”

Yes? Please go on? Please?

It had been a couple of months ago. She’d been sculpting just like any other day, standing on the ladder, leaning out over her clay to pound and knead it with wet hands and then climbing down to inspect her work. She’d wipe her hands on her shirt, move the ladder a few inches, then dip her hands again into the bucket of water and climb back up without stopping, again and again, hour after hour, ignoring the waves of urgency that came and went as she sloshed more water over the clay. She pushed, smoothed, kneaded, leaning in with her weight and then stroking with a feather touch to smooth the contours until finally she was squirming around so much it was hard to keep her balance on the ladder.

I’m shifting my weight a little too, listening to this, but in my case I’m trying to let my cock adjust itself in my pants. I’m wearing jeans with no underwear, and I’m hoping the bulge doesn’t show. I spread the sandwich wrapper out across my lap...you know...in case there are crumbs.

Her hands were sloppy with clay when she came down off the ladder, so much that it would have oozed between her fingers if she’d made a fist, so the first thing she had to do was wash off enough so as not to leave muddy fingerprints all over the elevator and the bathroom—and her zipper, of course. That would be embarrassing. She dipped her hands into the bucket, sloshing them around in the warm water to get off the worst of the clay, and suddenly she had to piss so bad she was almost wetting her pants.

She doesn’t go into any details about her dance of desperation, but I can picture her grinding her thighs together as she squatted next to the bucket, maybe knocking her knees or maybe just sitting back to grind the heel of her foot into her crotch. Then she must have run over to the sink to wet a towel under the tap so she could wipe off a bit more. Crossing her legs? Maybe twisting her whole body to clamp down on her bladder? A perfunctory pat with a dry towel afterwards, palms and the backs of her hands, and from her description she must have been writhing like an exotic dancer by then. She would have been concentrating on her bladder, willing it to ease out...to stretch...just a little bit more, like coaxing your body into a challenging yoga pose.

And of course, there was the sink right in front of her with water gurgling down the drain.

“So that was when you decided to try the sink!" says Anne.

Julia shakes her head. “No. I mean, you know...” She makes a sweeping gesture that takes in the wall of windows. “But, oh God, I thought about it. I mean, I’d never even imagined it before, because, like you said, the windows... But no, I just ran all the way to the elevator.”

I’ve got a massive boner by now, listening to this. Was she gripping her crotch as she ran? Or maybe tugging on the waistband of those cutoffs, wedging the threadbare denim deep into her slit? She doesn’t say, but she does tell us that when she got to the elevator, it was all the way down on the ground floor. She slapped the call button, and she must have been hopping and skipping, marching back and forth in front of the doors as the motor began to whine. The other third floor studios were all dark. It was late afternoon, and it looked like she was the last person in the building. The elevator rumbled and clanked slowly up three stories, but finally it arrived and she hauled the doors up and then down again—BOOM!—and closed the gate and jabbed the button for the ground floor. And then she was stuck in there for a minute or more while it groaned and lurched all the way back down.

“Oh, that’s awful!” says Anne. And she means it. This is the paradox of my own peculiar kink: I’m so aroused that I’m leaving a wet smear on my inner thigh, but I also feel really bad for her. Sympathy and lust are tugging me in different directions, leaving me stretched and quivering like a violin string tuned too tight. And Anne, of course, just keeps turning the screw tighter, prompting Julia to go on...

She would have been pacing back and forth in her little cage, of course, bending over, maybe stopping now and then to stand on one leg and cross her thighs. She tells us, “Before the elevator even gets there, I’m, like, unbuttoned and halfway unzipped.” She’s on a roll now with her story. Anne is nodding with polite attention while I feign indifference, picking stray bits of lettuce from my sub wrapper. “So finally it gets there,” she says, “and I don’t even bother closing the doors behind me and I run, and I mean RUN down the hall to the ladies room, and..She takes another bite of her sandwich.

And???

“There’s a key, of course,” she says with her mouth full.

Yes???

She chews.

And chews and chews and chews, and finally swallows her mouthful.

“And I’d left the f...king key up here in the studio.”

It’s like the bottom just dropped out of the room, and suddenly I can’t breathe.

“Damn!” says Anne. “So what did you do?”

“Well, I swore. Really loud. And I banged on the door. And I hollered for anybody to let me in, and I tried the men’s room too, and I ran down the hall banging on other doors to see if anybody was there with a key, but I think I really was the only person left in the building. So, I mean, there’s nothing I could do.”

Meaning...?

“So I just got back in the elevator.”

Having wet herself? Or still hanging on desperately? I can imagine it either way, piss running down her inner thighs or her legs twisting together like wringing out a wet rag to hold it in. I can hear her squealing with frustration, thwarted right on the verge of release. My heart is in my throat. I really don’t know how this story is going to end.

Is that it? Is that the end of her story?

She takes another bite.

No no no no no! Tell us how it turned out!

She swallows and takes a long sip of her soda. “It’s a miracle I didn’t piss all over the inside of the elevator,” she says at last. “But seriously, I would have died before doing that. I mean, can you imagine?”

Oh yes.

She was just frantic, stuck in there. Her pants, of course, were already unzipped and probably falling down around her thighs. She must have been reaching inside them to grip herself by then. Inside or outside the panties? And were they still dry, or was she leaking? Agony in the elevator for that interminable ride back up to the third floor. I study her face now, picturing what she would have looked like biting her lip, clenching her jaw. What would her breathing have sounded like? Hissing through gritted teeth? Or puffing like a woman in childbirth? She’d have been jumping around and wiggling like a maniac. Or maybe not—maybe she would she have crouched down to sit on her heel, holding very still the way some women do in the absolute last stages of desperation? Or rocking back and forth just a little? I want to take another bit of my sandwich, busy my face with chewing to mask what I’m feeling, but I’m afraid I’d choke.

“So you made it back OK,” says Anne.

Did she?

“Well...mostly. I peed a little as I was pulling the doors open.” Feet planted on the floor, heaving on the strap, she’d have spurted. A hot jet forcing its way out, warmth between her legs, a trickle down an inner thigh, or maybe pouring from her crotch to splash on the floor. “Just a little,” she says. And then clamping down to stem the flow any way she could. Flexing her knees? Crossing her legs? “So I ran back in here, and the key is...” She waves toward the sink again, and there we can see the key hanging on a hook right over the faucet.

“Yeah,” says Anne. “I guess by then, I’d go the sink, too.”

End of story, yes? It has to end here. I can't take any more.

“Mm, yeah,” says Julia. “Only no.”

What?

She’s quieter now. “I still didn’t want to. But I’m standing there, thinking there’s no way I’m going to make it all the way downstairs again. But I can’t—or I was thinking that I can’t p... You know... In front of the windows and everything.”

I can see it clearly. She was a deer in the headlights. Dying to pee. Fighting to hold it in. Can’t do the one, can’t do the other. Can’t. Just can’t.

Stuck, standing still.

Like me.

Dying.

“And...”

And?

She’s blushing again, looking down into her sandwich. My hands are shaking.

And?????

“Andi...” (an embarrassed smile) “I peed in my pants.”

Total loss of control. Involuntary. Overwhelmed, overcome, overpowered by urgent need. Hot piss jetting out through the crotch of her pants. My heart is in my throat. I can hardly breathe.

“Oh no!” says Anne. “Oh, Julia! That must have been terrible!”

“Mm.” She takes another bite. “It could have been worse, I guess. I mean, nobody was around to see, and I jumped up onto the sink before I made too big of a puddle. But I...”

Gasp. Gasp. Gasp. Yes...?

“No, this is T.M.I.”

No no nooooo! No it isn't!

“No, no, that’s OK,” says Anne. Warm, supportive, encouraging towards Julia. Wicked and evil towards me.

Julia steels herself for the confession. “I didn’t really have time to pull my panties down,” she says. Her cutoffs would still have been unzipped, so they were probably around her knees or even lying on the floor, but her panties must have looked like a second skin over her ass. “And, oh my God, when I finally peed, it must have been, oh, I don’t know...it felt like about a gallon. Whew. And my shorts were kinda... Everything was just... Well, I had to leave it all drying on the radiator for the rest of the afternoon.”

So she was wearing... ?

“Of course, I couldn’t go anywhere like that, so I just kept working for a couple more hours.”

My eyes must be going round as saucers.

“Wait a minute,” says Anne, “You mean you were...?”

“Let’s put it this way: I really hope that nobody from across the street could see in very well.”

“Oh my God!” Anne leans back, laughing, and Julia grins shyly. I’m so hard it hurts.

“I mean, my top was fine, but...yeah.” She picks at her tank top, flaking off some of the clay. “This and shoes...was all.” She’s blushing again, but the smile on her face is full of impish mischief. She takes the last bite of her sandwich and then finishes her soda, the straw gurgling in the bottom of the cup. “So anyway, after that, I kinda got used to the windows. I really don’t think they can see in much, and I try not to be too obvious.” She pops the lid off the cup and tips it back, taking an ice cube into her mouth. “All this talk,” she says, crunching the ice. “You’ll never guess what I have to do?” She crumples up her sub wrapper and stuffs it into the cup. “Either of you coming?”

“No, I’m good,” says Anne, all innocence.

I just shake my head. There’s no way I’d be able to form a coherent word right now. And no way I’m going to stand up in front of her.

Julia leans forward to get up, giving me another peek down between her swaying breasts. I watch them bounce as she gets to her feet, nipples poking out under the tank top, and as she walks over to get the key, my eyes follow the curves of her bottom. Bare thighs, very short cutoffs. Sitting on the floor and looking up at her, I see her butt cheeks peek out a little with every step. My whole body is electrified, I’m literally trembling with arousal, and when I look at her, at my friend—just a friend, that’s all she’s ever been —my eyes are filled up with roundness and jiggle and naked skin.

She leaves, the door closes, and I’m literally panting. I shiver. Anne looks at me with a wicked grin. “You,” she says, pointing a finger at me.

“What about me?” I say. “What did I do?”

“You know.”

“But I... I didn’t... I just...”

Anne reaches out to give me a shove, pushing me onto my back. She crawls over my legs to unzip my jeans, letting my penis stand up straight and hard, the tip glistening wet with pre-cum. From down the hall, we can hear the elevator starting its way down.

“Shell be back in a minute,” I say.

“Five at least, the way that elevator moves.

And we’ll hear it coming back.” Anne leans forward...

But that’s a whole other story.

