WALKING HER HOME

Author: William Abbott

There was this waitress once, in a purple knit dress that hugged her bottom in the most delicious way. Sadly, the only words we ever exchanged were “Table for four” and “Right this way.” But I decided to give a free hand to my imaginings.

One reader said “I almost peed myself while I read,” and several others suggested writing a version of it from her point of view. Hmmm...

I was 24 and just starting my graduate program.

Emma was working on her dissertation. She was almost three years older than me, brilliant, and drop-dead gorgeous. We’d been dating for only a few weeks, and I could still count on one hand the number of times we’d slept together. I couldn’t believe my good fortune...and that was before walking her home that night.

Emma worked in a bar most evenings. Not the one right at the edge of campus, where all the frat boys went to get shit-faced on Budweiser, but the one in town, kitty-corner from the town common, where there was a mellower crowd and where they served decent food and microbrewed beer. She was the hostess there. She was the one you’d walk up to and say, “Party of six,” the one who’d tell you, “Right this way, please,” and then lead you through the warren of dining rooms, swaying her hips in a serpentine path between tables and around chairs. And they were some hips. If you were anything like me, the whole time you’re following her, you’d be caressing her bottom with your eyes.

That night was a Friday and I was picking her up at closing time. I squeezed past the last of the clients pulling on their coats and stood by the doorway, glancing over the wait staff wiping down tables and hearing people yell back and forth in the kitchen. Finally I spotted Emma.

She was leaning over the bar to point something out to bartender, and looking especially beautiful. Her outfit was one I’d never seen before, a knit dress that draped like a second skin over every curve and hollow of her body. The color was a rich plum purple, the sleeves were elbow-length and the collar fairly high, but the hem was miniskirt length, showing lots of leg. She had lush, full, round breasts and a slender waist but in that dress it was her bottom that commanded and held your attention. The gossamer knit hugged the swell of each cheek and settled tantalizingly into the gentle groove between them. My God, I thought, she can't possibly know how beautiful she looks in that dress.

I walked over to her and she glanced up at me. “Oh, hi," she said, a bit brusquely. “I’ll be with you in a second.” She gave me a quick kiss and went striding off towards the back. “Sam! How you doing in there?”

A voice from in back: “It’s a real mess. I think I’m gonna need the other mop.”

“Great. Terrific. Call the boss at home if you think it’s gonna need a plumber in the morning, OK? Marilyn, you’re cashing out tonight, right?"

“Yeah,” said one of the waitresses.

“And Ben, you’ve got the keys to lock up?”

“Got it.”

“All right, then. I’m outta here.” She reached behind the bar again to get her purse, then took my elbow and pulled me after her as she walked purposefully towards the door. She stopped at the hostess station to make one last notation in the log there.

“Busy night?” I asked.

“Trust me,” she said, “you don’t even want to know.” She closed the log book and took my arm again. Quietly, she said to me, “Man, do I need to pee.”

It always interests me when a pretty woman says she needs to pee. Emma didn’t know this about me yet. At that age I was still pretty shy about that little quirk of mine, and didn’t often share it even when getting naked with someone. Hearing Emma’s declaration, my pulse rate clicked up a notch, my cheeks flushed a shade pinker, and there was a warm glow in my belly, right over my second chakra. “I’ll wait for you here,” I offered.

She shook her head. “No, Sam’s got his hands full back there. Probably quicker just to head back to my house.”

Oh.

My.

I took a deep breath. I was suddenly stiff in my pants, and when her hand brushed against mine, it raised goosebumps all up my arm. I pushed open the door.

“How cold is it out there?” she asked.

“Huh? Oh, I don’t know. Kinda chilly. Forty, fifty.”

“I should have brought a coat. It was so warm this afternoon.”

We stepped outside, and after the heat of the restaurant, the air outside was bitingly cool. Emma’s breath hissed. She stopped, bent forward a little and flexed her knees, then put an arm around me to pull me closer. “Oh Jesus,” she said,

“I have to pee like you would not believe.” The cold was obviously hitting her bladder, making an already bad situation much, much worse.

I put an arm over her shoulder and she pressed against me for warmth. I could feel the heat of her body all up and down my side, and that night it was like it buzzed with electric current. We walked in step down the sidewalk, and I let my hand slide down to rest on the hollow of her waist, just above the hip. I was very conscious of her skin through the gauzy knit fabric, the muscles of her back, and every tiny movement she made with each step. I was hard. I was almost trembling.

We reached the corner and she pressed the button for the walk light. Even though it was very late, there were still cars as well as pedestrians out on a Friday night. She let go my arm and paced back and forth under the glow of the streetlight. I watched her thighs, bare almost all the way to their tops before disappearing under that minimal dress. A step. Two steps. Then a little bob and flex, pressing her thighs together, and then another step, never standing still as we waited.

At last, the light turned and the signal bleep-blooped it’s audible walk signal. She grabbed hold of me again as we stepped out into the intersection. “My bladder,” she said under her breath, “is about to explode.” She held her purse in her free hand, squeezing it with a white-knuckled grip and pressing it against the side of her leg as she walked. As soon as we were across the road and stepping onto the diagonal path across town common, she moved it in front of her to jam it, not quite into her crotch but against the front of her thighs.

As we hurried down the path, she was craning her neck, looking all around us. It was much darker there, under the trees, but all around us we could see people in every direction. Groups of students laughed as they walked down a sidewalk. Couples held hands as they wandered the common. Emma muttered, “Damn it,” hunched her shoulders and redoubled her pace.

I began to speculate, if there hadn’t been so many people, what might she do? Would she sit on a bench, maybe perch on the very edge of it? Hike the dress up those few (very few!) inches and pull her panties aside? Or slip them down to her ankles? Kick them off, ball them up in one hand and stuff them into her purse? If she were pantiless, of course, then she could kneel in the grass and sit back on her heels and flow, soaking the ground between her feet. Or, standing, masked with shadow, she could plant her feet wide apart and pour, letting the soft grass muffle the sound of her pee. I allowed my imagination to help her, pictured myself holding the hem out so her dress wouldn’t get wet, maybe sliding it up just four or five inches until her bare naked bottom would be almost peeking out.

I was pulled out of my reverie as we came upon a bench with two women engrossed in whispered conversation, almost on top of them before we noticed they were there. Emma pulled me tighter. Her breath was coming in little puffs, like a woman in childbirth, and as soon as we were past them, she let her purse dangle from her wrist and openly gripped her crotch, digging her fingers into her vulva. She was walking with a mincing gait now, grinding one thigh against the other with each step. I kept in step with her, my hand still on her waist. Then I allowed it to slide down over her bottom.

We reached the far corner of the common, and another crossing light. Emma stabbed at it frantically and then hunkered to the ground, down on one knee and sitting on the heel of her foot, obviously grinding into her heel to keep from peeing. I heard her keening, very quietly, “Oh God oh God oh God I have to peeeee.” We waited as cars passed in both directions, and I stood close to her to lay a hand on her shoulder in a way I hoped would be comforting. She placed her own hand over mine and gripped it hard.

A gap in the traffic and she didn’t wait for the light to change. I had to hurry to keep up as she scampered across the intersection. Twenty paces down the sidewalk and she stopped to cross her legs and double over and squirm. I caught up with her and she took my elbow again, clutching me so hard it hurt. She moaned, “I can’t hooooold it!” I could feel a wet spot in my own underwear, pre-cum drooling across my lower abdomen. Then she was off again, still with that wiggling gait, the tops of her legs rubbing together, but faster now.

Three more blocks to her house.

We were walking past houses now—big houses that had been chopped up into student apartments, with small shaggy yards. There were bushes, but none of them very large; shadows, but none very deep; trees, but nothing offering any real privacy, and streetlights every twenty yards or so, bathing everything in a soft amber glow. We crossed the first side street without pausing. Halfway down the next block, Emma stopped again to stand on one leg with the other one wrapped around it, holding onto me for balance. I was shaking—literally trembling with arousal.

She whimpered and said “No no no no no no no no noooooo.” Then she seemed to get control again and hurried on, practically dragging me after her. I wondered, is she wet down there? Did she lose a few drops? Maybe a little spurt, to dampen her underwear? Or maybe enough to trickle just a tiny bit down her inner thighs? “Oh God, I don’t know if I’ll make it,’’ she said, and I was so hard it was painful, my penis compressed behind my zipper. Emma kept walking... skipping... dancing...

Across the second side street, and almost within sight of her house now. Yes, I could see it. And she stopped again, crossed her legs, twisted herself like a pretzel. “Oh God, oh God, I’m peeing,” she wailed. She grabbed herself brazenly with both of her hands now, even hooking her fingers under the hem of her dress to squeeze more directly, not caring that we were standing in a pool of light from a streetlamp. Her face scrunched, her whole body coiled like a steel spring, and she held still for a heartbeat... two... and then ran.

I trotted to keep up with her. Past three more houses and then across her own front lawn and up the steps onto her porch and then she was fumbling with her purse, rummaging for the keys. Hopping from foot to foot. Raising one knee to grind her thighs together.

Bending over. Letting loose a high, keening, “Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!”

She dropped her purse just as I reached the top step.

I knelt to pick it up. She was squealing with frustration and exhausted effort. In the darkness of the porch, she reached completely under her dress and gripped her crotch with both hands again. Stamped her foot in frustration. I got the purse, found the keys on the floor next to it...

“Ohhhh! Damnit, nooooo!”

And I heard a very quiet hissing noise, the sound crisp and clear in the stillness of the night.

I looked up, and in the little bit of light that filtered onto the porch, a tiny rivulet glittered and sparkled as it snaked down one of her inner thighs.

“Oh God, noooooooo!”

She kicked off her shoes, sending them flying across the porch as the rivulet became a stream and then a river.

“Oh, Damn it! Damn it!”

I stood, uselessly holding onto her purse. “It’s OK,” I told her. She looked like she was about to cry. “Shhhhh,” I said. “It’s OK.” Her pee was drumming on the porch floor now, like rain on a rooftop. I could feel the energy of an orgasm building in my balls and my buttocks, rising up inside me like the froth on beer poured too quickly. My heart was hammering, my penis humming like high-tension wire in a high wind. Emma turned her face away from me, staring at the ground, biting her lip. “You’re OK,” I told her again. “You’re beautiful.”

She looked at me then, with a look like, What are you, crazy? The sound of rain still spattered against the porch floor. She balled up her fists and pounded the air in frustration. “God, I can’t believe I actually...”

And I couldn’t stop myself. I stepped forward, touched her shoulders. She took a halfstep back, and the sound changed to a gentle stream winding its way down her legs. I pulled her closer.

“Don’t,” she said, hiding her face again. “You’ll get wet.”

“I don’t care.” I pulled her into an embrace, holding her tight against me, running my hands up and down her spine.

She returned my embrace, circled my waist with her arms and allowed herself to melt against me. Felt my hard-on pressing against her belly. She looked up at me, wide-eyed with amazement.

I kissed her. She kissed back.

Still peeing.

I thrust one knee between her legs, felt her hot pee soak the leg of my jeans. She might have wanted to pull away, but I couldn’t let go. Or at least didn’t let go. She buried her face in my chest, put her arms around me...

And kept peeing.

The leg of my jeans, my sock, even my shoe were completely sodden by the time her flow tapered off. I kept holding her. I withdrew my leg from between hers to stand with better balance. Slid both my hands down the whole length of her spine to rest on her bottom. Slid the hem of that dress up, just four or five inches, until I could feel the bare wet skin of her legs. My breath was coming in rasps.

“Let’s go inside,” she said, and let go of me.

But I could not stop myself. I held onto her tightly, and my whole body shuddered, and I came, spilling hot cum into my jeans as I held onto her bottom and pressed her tight tight tight against my overflowing lust.

She looked up into my face, and her eyes were wide with wonder again. “William, did...? Did you just...?”

“I barely had the breath to say, “Yeah.”

“Wow.”

“I... I’m sorry. I...”

“No, no, it’s OK.” She kissed me. “It’s just... I thought you’d be—I don’t know—grossed out.”

“No. No, not at all.”

“Wow.”

“We should, uh, go inside, I guess.”

“Let me get my shoes, and then yeah, let’s go in and shower.”

As Emma padded barefoot through the puddle of pee to the other end of the porch where her shoes had landed, I heard voices from inside. Emma heard them too, suddenly aghast. The living room light came on, and then the porch light, and then the front door opened. Emma’s housemate Mandy and Mandy’s boyfriend Tom were heading out.

“Oh, hey, Will,” said Tom. “Hey, Emma.” Then he looked down and saw the puddle, saw my soaked jeans. “Whoa, what happened here?”

Out of the corner of my eye, Emma looked mortified. Absolutely stricken with embarrassment.

“That was me,” I said quickly. “I guess I had a little too much to drink.” The pattern of wetness was actually all wrong for me to have peed in my pants. My crotch was dry; the pee soak didn’t begin until half way down my thigh. But Tom didn’t seem inclined to be analytical.

“I guess so, buddy!” he said. Then he turned to Emma. “Well, Mandy and I are headed over to my place. G’night.” Tom took a long stride and Mandy, following him, sort of tip-toed sideways around it.

“Night, Em,” she said.

“Good night, guys,” said Emma. “See you tomorrow, Mandy.”

We watched as they walked down to the street and got into Tom’s car. Then Emma and I looked at each other and both burst out laughing. Emma walked up to me and rested her arms on my shoulders, her shoes still dangling from her hands. She looked up into my eyes.

“Thank you,” she whispered. “That was sweet of you.” And she took my hand and led me inside.

