Linda's discovery

Author: Danielle, Nederlands (1997'03) P#091

Linda was a cute young woman, 20 years old. A little too shy perhaps, but that didn't bother her. Linda lived in her own world. A fantasy world sometimes. She never had a boyfriend and didn't even had the need to find one. The money she got to pay her study was barely enough so she didn't mind still living with her parents. As the only child she had a good life at home. So no problem. Till this point Linda looked like a very normal woman. But there was one thing that made her different from most other women. It all started with a silly accident that happened when she was about 12 years old ...

Linda hated cleaning up her room. It was a real big mess that wednesday when her mother told her to cleanup, otherwise she would trow everything away. Cleaning up was absolutely the worst thing that could happen that afternoon. There was a nice movie on television and it was a time that children didn't have there own television set in their bedroom. So Linda kept on watching TV which made her mother real angry.

"And now you go directly to your bedroom and don't have the guts to come back till it's all cleaned up," her mother yelled.

That was absolutely the limit for Linda. She rushed upstairs to her room, thinking mothers were the worst kind off people in the world. The only free afternoon from school! All other children were watching TV or playing outside and she had to cleanup her room. What the hell happened with children rights?

So Linda started the job she hated the most. Why can mothers be so cruel? While trowing some magazines in her bookcase she felt the urge to pee. In fact, she had to pee for an hour or so, but now the pressure on her bladder suddenly became so strong that a few drips flew in her panties. A little bit in panic Linda crossed her legs and pressed a hand against the crotch of her panties. They felt warm and much wetter than she expected. Linda looked at the bath towel hanging over a chair. It must have been the fact she was very angry with her mother that made her decide to grab the towel and throw it folded in two on the ground.

"OK you old blighter," she said in her mind to her mother. "When you don't want me to leave my room before everything is cleaned up, this is what happens when I have to pee." Linda spread her legs, raised her skirt a little and looked down at her pink cotton panties. A few seconds later the first drips went trough the crotch of her underwear, followed by a big stream that pattered down on the towel. It was a big relief. Normally this is the moment a girl starts to feel guilty, or at least very naughty. Pee your pants just because you're angry at your mother is one thing, but it's very normal to have strong regrets immediately after you have done this. But this was the point Linda seemed to be different from most other girls. Instead of having regrets she was surprised by the warm feeling in her crotch. She never realized that pee was so warm.

Almost unperceived she started flattering her wet panties. That really felt good. Although playing with her pussy wasn't a new thing for her - she knew for quit a while that after a while you feel a nice ticklish feeling - this time was different. It took her only half a minute to reach her orgasm. And it was heavier, more intense than ever before. Linda felt for a moment she was in heaven. In mind she even thanked her mother for cleaning up her room. But the fun was only for a short moment. The wet panties felt cold very quick and Linda realized she had to hide the panties and the towel.

So she putted them at a secret place in her wardrobe, covered with other towels. The nice feeling was completely gone and now for Linda the moment of regrets came. Why the hell did she do this? And more important: how was it possible that she peed her panties as a little child and enjoyed the feeling of it? Linda came to the conclusion that this must all be a mistake. Just a silly accident. It must never happen again. She was grown up, not a baby anymore. But when you have done a naughty, in fact even harmless little thing that gave you such a nice feeling, it's hard to resist. And that's exactly what Linda found out only a week later ...

... to be continued
