The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (13-18)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'10)

(More of the Debbie series)

Debbie thirteen

Dear Aquavite,

I got your letter. It sounds like you had a wonderful vacation but poor Sara! I can't believe she wet her panties again! I feel so bad for her sometimes. Were you in your hotel room when it happened or somewhere else? Could anyone else tell that she had an accident or were you the only one? Could she change right away or did she have to wear her panties wet for a while? I hope she was at least able to change because its terrible when you have to wear your panties when they're soaking wet.

Did you show her off like you would show me off? I'd love to hear how you may have showed her off and that her panties might have been showing and she didn't know about it. Does she always wear solid white cotton panties? 

I don't know if I like [to watch guys masturbate I had asked her that.] I'm more intrigued by it than anything. I don't understand how my stories of how I wet my panties can be such a turn on to you that you have an orgasm. And especially that you had an orgasm without touching yourself. Does that happen to alot of men? I wonder if that happened to some of the guys who saw me wet myself in the mens room that day. That seems so strange to me but maybe that's because the times I wet my panties like that were so embarrassing to me and I can't understand why they would be such a turn on to other guys. So I don't know if I like it or not. I don't get really turned on by watching or thinking about a guy masterbating. Dave likes to watch me though. I think guys and girls may be different in that way. But I guess I kinda like that I know I can turn you on. I guess that's what makes it kinda fun for me.

Over the weekend my friend Jackie came by to visit with her 2 year old son. She's really pretty and she was wearing a short red and white checkered dress and bare legs. Her little boy was standing on her lap facing her and everytime he moved his feet he would slide her dress up until it was up to her panties. You could see she was wearing white silk or nylon panties under her dress but I don't think she wet them. I don't think she knew that her panties were showing that much even though Dave was staring and making it so obvious. I kinda liked it because it was so innocent and Dave was getting turned on and I can't blame him for staring. I remember thinking how much you'd like it even though her panties weren't cotton and she hadn't wet them.

I've really gotta go because its so late already and Dave's gonna be mad.

###

Debbie fourteen

Dear Aquavite,

I got your letter today. Too bad you didn't show Sara off. I would have liked hearing all about it.

So I forgot to tell you what I was wearing yesterday. A tight white cotton short sleeve top and light blue dress pants. The pants are pretty snug around my bottom and if you look closely there pretty see through so I have to make sure I wear nice panties underneath so I was wearing just a basic white silk string bikini because I half to look a little professional here at work. I thought they looked nice under the pants. I didn't wet them though. But today I had a mini accident right after lunch because I had to run an errand and I got back and had to go kinda bad and thought I could hold it longer so I returned a phone call and this guy just wouldn't let me off the phone so I had a mini accident while trying to say goodby but it was just a mini accident so I thought no big deal.

Then when I got to the little girls room I had another one and I could feel my panties were a little damp. Luckily I finished going in the toilet but I checked my panties and they were wetter then I thought. BTW, I'm wearing a purple cotton top and blue jeans because its the day before a holiday and we all get to dress casual. Underneath I'm wearing a white bra and pink silk bikini panties with flowers. There really cute but no one can see them. But the trouble with wearing pants is that if you have a mini accident you really feel the wetness from your panties which I don't like much more than if I was wearing a skirt or dress. They still feel a little wet to me now but I only notice it if I'm thinking about it.

I'll try to write you sometime next week about the hotel story. And you can always send pictures. I guess I like Beach33 the best because her panties were the cutest and she reminded me a little of myself.

###

Debbie fifteen

Dear Aquavite,

You're in real trouble now mister! Do you know what you just made me do? You just made me have a mini-accident that's what! Its true. I came back from lunch and I had to pee but I remembered I wanted to see if you wrote me so I decided to check real quick for e-mail and was surprised to get so much. I got your letter, the story, and all the pictures. So I began to download the pictures and print out the story and the letter and it was taking so long but I didn't think it would be smart to leave my PC with the pictures showing and run to the little girls room so I decided to wait until they were all downloaded and I'd finished printing.

So I waited and waited and crossed my legs and I was so excited about getting the story and all the pictures that I kinda forgot about having to go and then it just happened. I had a mini-accident. I thought, oh my God, I better go to the little girls room now so I started to close all the files but then I thought I'm gonna write to him about this frist. So I'm writing to you now and I still have to go real bad and I can feel my panties are damp. So I'm gonna go right now. 

I'm back now and on the way I had another mini-accident. Then when I got to the little girls room, another girl on our floor was there and said hi so I stopped and said hi to her. I tried to calmly walk in one of the stalls so she couldn't tell that I'd started to wet my panties but she kept talking right at me so I stood there and tried to listen. Then I got in the stall and closed the door and started to lift my skirt as I was talking to her. As I lifted my skirt I had another mini accident but this time I couldn't stop it. I quickly crossed my legs and looked down and for a moment and just stared at my panties getting wet because I couldn't believe how quick it happened. So then I quickly pulled my panties down and finished going in the toilet. So my panties are really wet now and its all your fault!! 

BTW, I'm wearing a flowered skirt today, short green sweater, and white silk panties and bra. Anyway, I don't have lots of time but I'll tell you about the pictures before I send this. Beach 110 and 111 are nice. I like 110 because theres a guy right next to her and she's only in her panties and her panties are nice. I wonder if that's her boyfriend or is it just a total stranger. I can't imagine a total stranger seeing me in just my panties like that. Beach 118 is also nice. I like her panties to because there bikini style but there also not to tight like we talked about. And I love Beach 123, 124, and 125! Her panties look so cute.

Do you know what pattern they have on them? And then they ride up on her bottom like mine sometimes do. And then when she's getting dressed it looks like she had to adjust them just like I do. I really like those panties and they're cotton too. If I ever go to that beach with you, thats how I wanna look. Cute white bikini panties with flowers or some pattern. I don't know why I like those pictures so much more than the others. Probably because I'd definitely wear those panties and maybe because thats how I'd like you or some total strange guy to see me at the beach or the pool. Are those your favorite pictures to? Mich05 I didn't like so much because it was just jeans. And no, my jeans weren't really wet from my mini-accidents last week. Maybe just a little damp from having to wear them and my panties that way the rest of the day. And Upskt02 is OK but you can't tell if her panties are cute.

I'd better go. I'm gonna read the story now and write back maybe tomorrow.

###

Debbie sixteen

Dear Aquavite, 

Sorry that its taken so long for me to write but its been so hard to find the time when my boss is away and I'm trying not to stay late after work. Anyway, I loved part 2 of the story. Your a real good writer. I'll tell you my favorite parts.

I liked it when you had your hand on my panties and were rubbing them and that everyone around could see. I liked it when you told me to take off my dress and lie in just my bra and panties though I think I would have liked it better if you told me you were gonna undress me and then you took off my dress. If you couldn't tell, I kinda like and I'm also really used to being treated like a little girl at times even though I'm 23. So being undressed would probably be more little girlish just like you picking out my dress and bra and panties. Then I also liked that you were in your jeans but that I was only in my bra and panties and that you took me down to an area of the beach where people were wearing bathing suits. I think I like the being helpless part of it with all those people and you being dressed normally and me just in my panties.

I thought about being the only one in my panties with everyone looking at me and it was a turn on. Your right, I'm sure I would've been pretty damp by then. And then I can't believe you led me to all those people when you knew I had to pee real bad just so that I'd wet my panties and they could all watch! I should know not to trust you like I did in the story! I can imagine myself saying to you "Oh God I'm wetting my panties." You're right I would have been really embarrased but I kinda liked the innocent little girl part of it.

I still think that I'd get pretty upset if I wet my panties especially with everyone watching but maybe I'd like it if I knew it would really turn you on and if I wasn't gonna get spanked. Then of course I liked it when I made you wet your underpants because you were so turned on by me. Would you have liked it better if I had used my mouth? Then I took my bra off and went in the water? I can't ever imagine taking my bra off with others around. I'd be so, so embarrassed. 

I don't think I'd be very good at continuing the story because I'm not a very good writer as you know. But I'd love to hear more about who else gets to see my panties and what other innocent little girlish things happen to me. Traffic jams and a desperate stop at a gas station? It sounds to me like I'm gonna wet my panties again. But twice in the same day? Oh, your just terrible!

OK, now's a good time to write because my boss left for the day. I'll tell you about the time I wet myself at the hotel. I'll try to be as detailed as possible because I know you'll like it better. It happened last year so I still remember it pretty good.

Last year Dave and I were staying at a hotel in Las Vegas. I don't remember which one it was but it was really big and nice. We were up late one night gambling and drinking. You know how the cocktail waitresses keep bringing free drinks to your table. So I remember using the little girls room once or twice that evening but then I went back for more drinks and gambling. Then it got real late so we went upstairs to go to bed. I was so tired that I just undressed and crawled under the covers. I was wearing just white silk bikini panties with flowers and no top because that what I usually wear to bed. 

The next morning I had to pee real bad. I usually have to go real bad anyway in the morning but this time I had to go even more. I noticed that Dave was already in the shower. So I got up to use the toilet but Dave must have accidently locked the bathroom door. So I knocked on the door but I don't think he could hear me because the noise from the shower and the fan was so loud. So I knocked again louder and even yelled Dave please open the door but he still couldn't hear me. Then I realized that I may be disturbing the neighbors so I shouldn't be so loud. But I had to go so bad and I didn't know what to do but thought maybe I can hold it till he's done. 

But then I thought maybe I can go use the little girls room downstairs so I picked out one of my t-shirts from the suit case and put it on. I think it was black. I then started to put on the shorts I was gonna wear that day but then I thought I better not because if I have an accident on the way downstairs then I wouldn't have anything to wear so I took them off. Then I started looking for the room key because I know that hotel doors lock as soon as you close them so you better have your key with you or you'll get locked out. It took a while but I finally found the room key. I could hear Dave was still in the shower so I left to go downstairs. But the elevator was taking forever so I stood there and waited and held my legs together Then this older couple came by and was waiting with me. I didn't think there would be other people up at that time.

I said Good morning and they said it back but I could tell they were staring at me. Then I noticed that my panties weren't completely covered infront so I pulled my t-shirt down infront with one hand so that my panties were covered and looked up and they were still staring so I smiled and said I'm sorry to them and then I turned and faced the other way because I was a little embarrassed. Right about then I had a mini accident. I think I said someting like Oh no or something because the man asked me if I was OK and I said Thank you I'm fine but I knew I was in trouble. Then I kinda panicked because I didn't know when the elevator would come and I didn't think I could make it all the way downstairs in time and I didn't want to start wetting my panties in the elevator with them watching and maybe Dave was done by now. So I Goodbye and I quickly walked past them and went back to the room. As I was putting the room key in the slot I remember having another mini accident.

When I got inside he was still in the shower so I could only hope that he would finish soon. So I went and sat in bed and prayed that he would finish. I sat with my knees up with the sheet pulled up over my knees and was kinda rocking back and forth trying to hold it in. Then another mini accident so I stopped rocking. I slipped my hand under the sheet and felt my panties and they were getting pretty wet. Then I thought maybe I should've stayed waiting for the elevator because if I had an accident there or downstairs maybe I could've made it back in time so that Dave wouldn't know and so what if the older couple saw me wet my panties because I'd probably never see them again anyway.

Then the phone rang and I remember thinking who could be calling. The phone was on Dave's side of the bed so I had to lean way over to get it. I said hello but it was a recording for a wake up call. I stretched to put the phone back and right then I felt myself go alot in my panties. I quickly sat back up and held my legs together as tight as possible and it stopped for a few seconds but then I felt myself starting to slowly go in my panties. I tried and tried but I couldn't stop it. I pulled the sheet away and just watched as I could feel myself going and my panties getting wetter and wetter.

I then put my hand down to feel my panties under my legs and then realized that the sheet was getting wet to. I totally forgot about that! Then I just wasn't thinking and I opened my legs to see how wet the sheet was. I couldn't believe how big the wet spot was that had formed around my bottom. But right then I really went alot in my panties because I opened my legs to look. I remember seeing it starting to collect on the outside of my panties between my legs, you know what I mean? So I put my hand down between my legs to try and stop it but it was no use. Then finally I heard Dave shut the water off.

So I ran to the bathroom door and knocked and screamed Dave please let me in and he said What;s wrong and I said I'm wetting my panties! He opened the door and I ran by him and sat on the toilet and spread my legs open and I really started going and then I quickly sat up a little and slid my panties down around my thighs. The cotton part was totally yellow and it was dripping onto the floor but it felt so good to be able to just let it go after trying to hold it for so long. But then I remember looking at Dave and he was mad. He said something like I can't believe you. I said I'm sorry and that it was an accident but he was disgusted. Then he walked out into the room and I knew in any second he'd see the bed. Sure enough he found the wet stain on the bed and started cursing. 

He came back to the bathroom and started yelling at me for wetting the bed. I started crying and told him I didn't think about the bed getting wet and that I was sorry. He came over and pulled me off the toilet and said to pull my panties back up. I hadn't completely finished going but I pulled them up like he said and just finished going in my panties as he pulled me over to the bed and showed me the wet stain. I looked at the stain and remember feeling trickles running down my legs and dripping on the carpet. The stain seemed to be even bigger now. I again said I was really sorry and that I didn't think about the bed getting wet. Then he made me call downstairs and ask that they send a cleaning person up right away. So I called and this guy answered and I asked him if he could please send a cleaning person up right away and then Dave made me tell him that I wet my panties so I cried and told him and he laughed.

Then Dave made me wait like that until the cleaning person came up so that she would see that I had wet my panties. I wanted to change out of my panties and take a shower but he wouldn't allow me so I waited and told him I was really sorry and he started to get dressed and yell at me more. About 10 or 15 minutes later the cleaning girl showed up and put her cart in the doorway to hold the door open. Dave made me show her the bed and the bathroom floor and the carpet where my panties had dripped and asked me to apologize to her for wetting the bed and making a mess. I started crying again and apologized and she said Its OK. Then Dave told me to turn around and show her how wet my panties were. So I turned around and showed her and she just looked at my bottom and then at me and said I'm sorry. She seemed really sweet. Then she quickly took the sheets off the bed and said she'll come back with clean sheets and left.

Then Dave picked out a clean pair of panties (pink, flowers, with white lace I think) and told me to put them on. So I changed out of my wet panties and put them in the sink and then put on the pink ones. Then Dave patted his lap where he was sitting at the edge of the bed which is his way of saying I'm gonna get spanked. So I cried more and laid across his lap and he started my spanking. At some point during my spanking the cleaning girl came back with another cleaning girl and they walked in and saw me getting spanked and the first girl said something like Oh my God, I'm sorry and Dave stopped and asked them to please come back in 15 minutes. He then finished my spanking and told me he's going downstairs for breakfast and that he'll be waiting for me.

I cried for a while and then got cleaned up and dressed. I remember putting my white shorts on and thinking at least I didn't get these wet. I looked in the mirror and noticed you could clearly see my panties through my shorts because the shorts are nylon and kinda thin and my panties were pink with flowers. I remember I'd packed a pair of white panties to wear under my shorts but I just really wanted to get out of there because I didn't want to see the cleaning girl again because I would be so embarrassed. I went downstairs like that and apologized again to Dave for everything and he had calmed down so everything was OK after that. 

Later that afternoon I came back up to the room and the bed was made with clean sheets and the bathroom floor was clean. Then I noticed that someone had washed my panties and hung them to dry which I thought was really nice. I wanted to thank the cleaning girl and apologize again but I didn't see her the rest of the time we were there so I just left a note thanking her for washing my panties and apolgizing for making such a mess.

So that's it. I probably sounds alot worse then it was and it all happened pretty quickly. I tried to be as detailed as I could except for the spanking part because I know you don't like that. Sorry that it was so long. Let me know what you liked and didn't like about it, OK?

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Debbie senveteen

Dear Aquavite,

I'm was hoping you'd like my hotel story. I tried to be as detailed as possible because I thougth you would like it more but it took me a real long time to write because I read it back a few times and kept adding more to it because I remembered more. But I still think its funny that you get so turned on by the times I wet myself like that. I wish Dave would. 

So you liked the part when I was standing by the elvator? I remember being so scared about having an accident and Dave finding out and getting spanked. I didn't think there would be other people up at that time and I guess I just forgot about the way I was dressed. But they were staring at me weird and the lady was whispering things to her husband. So I looked down and noticed my panties were showing because my t-shirt wasn't long enough so I stretched my t-shirt down infront as far as I could but I couldn't pull it down in back because my other hand was holding the room key.

Then I remember saying Sorry and turning and facing the other way so I couldn't see them stare at me and I was embarrassed to. But then later like the next day I remember thinking I wonder if they could see my panties from the back because I turned and I didn't have my t-shirt pulled down in back. I guess I'll never really know but I did try that once at home. I put the same t-shirt on and stretched it down infront and turned around and looked back at the mirror and was shocked because my t-shirt wasn't covering my panties at all in back! I couldn't believe it. You could see everything! Oh well, to bad it didn't happen infront of a cute guy! Any way my mini-accident at the elevator was just a normal one.

Enough for my panties to get damp but nothing to really worry to much about. I don't know if they could tell that I'd just started to wet my panties. I was holding my legs together but I don't think I went enough for a real wet stain to show. But I didn't think they could see my panties from behind either so maybe they did know. The man did ask me if I was OK so now I wonder if they did know all along and if thats what his wife was whispering to him about. I bet she knew and she told him don't you think? Wow I never really thought about that. I only thought about them seeing my panties. But I'm sure she's wet her panties before and she could tell that I'd just started and she was telling her husband. Oh well! But I bet you would have wanted me to wet them all the way right there infront of them wouldn't you?

And I was so desperate to get to the toilet and to start going and not to have to hold it any more that for a second I forgot to first pull my panties down until I saw how they were getting soaked. But I shold have just kept them on because it didn't really matter because they were already pretty wet and Dave already knew so I was gonna get spanked anyway. And your right I felt totally helpless. I remember thinking that I don't know what to do and I can't hold it and Dave's gonna find out and when I saw the bed getting wet I got really scared I almost started crying then.

And when Dave pulled me off the toilet I couldn't help finishing going in my panties. God he was so mad. I hate it when he gets like that but it was my fault not his so I deserved evrything. And Dave made me tell the guy on the phone and the cleaning girl. Your right it was really humiliating especially showing the girl how wet my panties were. I remember wondering what she was thinking because I'm sure she's wet her panties before but she probably never had to show it to another girl she didn't know don't you think so?

I thought you didn't like the spanking part but maybe you just disagree with it. Anyway the my spanking was pretty normal except for when the cleaning girls walked in. That was one of the few times I've been spanked and other people saw. After I changed panties Dave was sitting at the edge of the bed and signaled me to come over and I knew exactly what he meant. So I walked over there crying and laid across his lap and he pulled my t-shirt up my back and told me I'm getting spanked for wetting my panties and I'm gonna keep getting spanked till I learn to stop and then he started spanking me. I'm sure he spanked me about 20 times. Thats what it always seems like but I've never counted.

I'm always so upset about disappointing him that I'm usually crying as soon as he starts. I didn't really see the cleaning girls come in because I was facing the other way but I heard them and then Dave stopped and asked them to come back. I turned around then and saw them both standing there but my eyes were pretty watery. Then Dave started again and I heard them say something to each other and then I heard them take the cart away and close the door. Thats all I remember. After Dave went donwstairs I remeber crying and looking at myself in the mirror in the bathroom. My bottom was pretty red. After that I got dressed and went downstairs. I figured I would clean my panties later that night but I thought it was so sweet of the girl to clean them for me because she didn't have to do that.

Anyway, I can't believe I tell you all this stuff. I've never told that story to anyone because I'm to embarrassed about it. But its kinda fun telling you because you like it so much and its even better getting your response and hearing what you thought about it. I was looking forward to getting your response all weekend because your the only person who knows this. 

So you've spanked girls before? Was it Sara or did I ask you that already. If she didn't wet her panties what did she do wrong to deserve a spanking? Did you spank her on her bare bottom? I've never been spanked on my bare bottom but I imagine it really hurts. I know one other girls who gets spanked on her bare bottom and it sounds terrible. I know some people get turned on by it but I've never liked it at all. I'm just curious because it happens to me.

So when are you gonna start writing stories again? I checked the site where I first read all your stories and there's nothing new. No more stories about Joanne? I can't believe I've gotten to know you like this since then. I like getting your letters. 

###

Debbie eighteen

Dear Aquavite,

Thanks for your letter. I only have a few minutes to write so I'll be quick.

I repeated the scene because I remember thinking about that and wanting to find out what they may have seen so I put on the same t-shirt and stretched it down infront and looked in the mirror and couldn't believe my panties were completely showing. I was just curious but I wish it had happened infront of a cute guy or group of guys.

I don't think I could ever tell anyone these stories. I'd be so embarrassed. But I don't feel that way as much when I write to you about them on the Internet. If we ever met I'd be really embarrassed though.

I don't think I could ever consider spanking to be play. It's always been punishment for me. And of course it was my fault. I'm the one who wet my panties and I know he gets mad when I do that.

OK, if you really think it will make other people happy then you have my permission to use my stories. It would be neat to know that these embarrassing and humiliating things that happened to me could really make other people happy. They have always been shameful things to me but this way maybe I could feel a little better about them. And I think maybe at first I'd like to hear what other people think who read them. That could be interesting. 
