Chapter #06

Author: Wendy (1998-10-30 at 08:37)

I'd like to pick up where I left off, at that party in Victoria, because that story is not yet complete.

After Bill spread the combination of my pussy juice and my pee across his neck, in exactly the same manner that I had done earlier, I knew that we had formed a silent bond. I think he knew it as well from the way he smiled at my involuntary shiver, in response to his action. He kept his beautiful blue eyes locked onto mine; totally ignoring Vanessa's mewing, as she melted down from her orgasms. Right then and there I knew, with a certainty beyond words, that he would be the one to whom I'd give my virginity.

I heard the kitchen door open. Looking away from Bill's incredible eyes, I saw a couple emerge from the flat, wrapped in a bed sheet. They glanced at us, on their way to the loo, and smiled knowingly. But I'll bet they didn't know about our little wet secret. They made it to the corner on the wall but could go no further. There was another cue formed for the single toilet that extended, now, to the area of the patio where we were. I became acutely aware of my (our) nakedness and the obvious story it told. I looked down at Vanessa. She was cuddled next to the chaise with an arm across Bill's chest and her cheek lying in the sticky goo she had spread all around his belly. Her eyes were closed and she was smiling like a Cheshire.

The scene made me want her all the more. And it took me as a shock that I could stand there in a puddle of our combined piss, naked to all who passed, and still be thinking randy thoughts! My eyes strayed to the area just below where her chin rested lightly on Bill's groin hair. I saw his penis lying against one thigh, glistening and still red from his recent erection. It's a funny thing, but I call a man's member a cock (or staff, etc.) when erect. But, when returned to its normal condition, it becomes a penis to me. Bill's was wonderful to look at, even as a penis. Now, I hadn't actually seen many 'grown-up' penises at that point, except in nasty mags and such. But Bill's was special to me for some reason. I found out, later, that his was just over the average length. But it was considered quite thick in proportion to its length. Anyway, I thought it was just about the most beautiful thing I had laid eyes on in my seventeen years.

More people came out and joined the line to the loo. And I felt more and more exposed. Besides the night air was turning my skin to goose flesh. I guess Bill noticed the bumps. Because he suggested that we go inside where it was warm and see if we could scrounge another joint. I noticed that he did not suggest that we get dressed. Vanessa finally stirred and felt like going in as well. She was hungry! We all gathered up our clothes and got under way for the kitchen door. We were met by more people coming out for the loo. One of the girls said that she just could not wait in such a long line. She was too desperate for a 'wee'. Two other girls responded likewise. One of the guys said to look over in the corner by the balcony. We all looked and there stood three guys, in various states on undress. They were all arching streams of pee over the rail and down to God knows where! One of the girls protested that guys have it too easy.

Another said that she was nearly wetting anyway and she walked over to the rail and squatted with her knees up against the lower crosspiece. Her bottom was nearly touching the deck. She no sooner attained that position than a geyser burst from her. The sound of her pee hissing out was clearly audible from the kitchen door. During all this Vanessa had gone into the flat and Bill nearly followed. He had stopped, holding the door open for me. I hadn't noticed. I was just standing there, transfixed, watching something that I had only fantasized. Bill's let the door close, rather loudly, and came back to where I stood. He wrapped his arms around me from behind and shared his body heat.

I snuggled into his embrace. He asked if I wouldn't rather come inside where it was warm. I said in a moment, never taking my eyes off the peeing girl. I just had to see her whole act! But I didn't tell him that. Then, seeing that she could do this, two other girls left the que and approached the rail. Two guys followed them. Now, the rail was only so long. It could not accommodate everyone there. So the guys demurred to the ladies, who immediately set to peeing. The guys, I noticed did not look away. They seemed as interested as me…well maybe not quite.

“You find this display interesting?” It was Bill's voice, close to my ear, whispered. I merely nodded, rubbing my cheek up against his and feeling his whiskers. “If we are going to stay for the whole show, I'll have to join them. The whole thing is making me have to go, too,” he said. Actually I was wishing I could pee right then. But I was empty. I turned around within his naked embrace and put my arms around him. (It wasn't easy to turn my back on that continuing wet spectacle.) I looked up at him and said something that came totally without volition. “Would you pee for me, privately?” 

He looked at me quizzically, then said, “sure.” I stood on my toes and kissed him long and hard. His response was gentler than expected. Then I took him by the hand and lead him into the kitchen. (Now I've told you that, as kids, we'd play naughty by peeing into many kinds of 'forbidden' receptacles. Well, my imagination was racing and I was getting giddy from the rising randiness!) I opened a couple of cupboards before I found what I wanted. It was a glass mixing bowl! Then I led Bill out onto the front landing. It was up two flights of stairs and two corners blocked any possibility of view from the street. We'd also be able to hear anyone coming up the stairs, long before they got to where we were.

Bill was still smiling that quizzical smile at me. Only now the questions were plain to read. I nearly lost courage, but I guess my horniness sustained me. I just went ahead with me plan and knelt down before him. I held the bowl up below his penis and smiled up at him. He is an intelligent guy. I did not need to explain, or ask…or beg. He just kind of leaned back a little let his body relax. I saw his eyes unfocus for a second, then he looked down at me and smiled again. I heard it before I looked down and saw it. There it was again…only right in front of my nose! His stream was full and strong.

The pee glinted yellow in the landing's light. It began splashing, as the bowl filled. And I could smell its pungent odor. I was in heaven and still breathing! Bernadette of Lourdes could not have looked more rapt. I watched until he was done. I even enjoyed the little dance his penis did when he shook it! I didn't say it, but I wanted desperately to set that bowl down and masturbate right there!

Bill said, almost apologetically, that he was finished. I looked up at him, but could find no words. He reached down and took the bowl in one hand and helped me up with the other. I was trembling and not from the cool air. “You really like to see people pee, don't you.” He asked. I could only nod. He added, “I'll let you in on a little secret. I got unbelievably turned on when you peed in front of me a little while ago. It actually put me over the edge when I came. I don't remember being turned on like that in quite a while. And I can't say that I've been keen on seeing anyone pee, since I was a kid”.

I nearly collapsed from knees gone suddenly weak. Bill looked at the bowl and then at the door to the flat. “We really can't go back in there with this.” He looked around the landing and suggested that we leave it behind the potted plants. I nodded again. I was terrified to speak. Thought it might ruin the moment. But he paused and looked at me with a smile, now tinged with devilishness. “Could you manage another pee for me?” I muttered, “I'll try.” And try I did…for more than five minutes. The best I could come up with was a couple of disjointed trickles. But, he seemed satisfied. It was evident that he was enjoying my trying almost as much as my doing.

We stashed the bowl and went back into the flat. People were back and still partying. Most of them were still naked or very close to it. There were fresh clouds of smoke in the atmosphere and the warmth was most welcome. Bill put his arm around my waist and led me to the kitchen. At that very moment…walking naked through a crowd of nearly all strangers, I felt a happiness that I'd never known. Bill prepared sandwiches and I poured two glasses of wine. He asked after Vanessa. I looked around and just shrugged. I knew she could take care of herself and I was suddenly not in a sharing mood. It was just off midnight and the party showed no signs of slowing. We sat naked at the table and refueled our bodies with barely a word.

We both knew there was more yet to come… 
