JUMP START

Author: William Abbott

Sitting in a restaurant one day, I looked out across the street and saw a woman in a parking lot with the hood of her car raised and a tow truck just pulling in. Nothing very interesting about that...but it got my imagination working.

There she is in the parking lot, wearing tight little boy shorts and a tank top, pacing around her car. She’s got the hood up. She’s called Triple-A and they say they’ll be there in 45 minutes to an hour. Everything would be fine if she didn’t have to pee real bad.

It’s just a little shopping plaza—a pizza shop, a dentist’s office, and a hardware store, none of them open this early in the day. She’s already walked around back to see if there are any other businesses there, but all she finds are delivery entrances. The hardware store has several stacks of palates piled up to chest height. In a real emergency a person might duck behind those and pee, but she’d have to be pretty desperate to try that.

For now she just paces. Leans against the car. Paces some more. Stands by the open hood to stare down at the engine. Hops around. Walks the length of the parking lot and back. Peers into the windows of each of the businesses. Squirms. Walks back to her car. Shifts her weight from one foot to the other.

She really has to go! She’s starting to think longingly abut that pile of palates around back. She’s insanely pee-shy and she never pees outside, but when she’s this desperate and with nobody around...

Wait, here’s a car pulling in. OMG, It’s that really cute guy from her history class. He pulls up and rolls down his window. “You need a hand?” he asks.

Oh thank God! She smiles at him. “Yeah. It won’t start.”

“I’ve got some jumper cables.”

This is great! He’ll get her car going and she can get to a bathroom, but also...she’s had a timid crush on this guy for weeks, and here he is, talking to her!

The only bad thing is she can’t squirm and wriggle with him there. She doesn’t want to tell him about having to go to the bathroom. She bounces up on the balls of her feet, watching over his shoulder as he hooks up the cables.

“There we go,” he says. “Try it now.”

She gets in and turns the key. The engine cranks, turning over again and again and again and again and again, but it never catches.

Damn it!

He’s leaning over the engine again, poking at things and tugging on hoses. “Might be a vapor lock,” he says. “Let me get my tools.”

He’s opening his trunk, and she’s pacing again. She has to pee so bad! If she were by herself, she would definitely be going around back by now to take an urgent leak, but with him here... She can’t even admit to him that she needs to go. She’s that pee-shy. It’s a serious inhibition, and one that’s gotten her in trouble more than once when she’s out in public, unable to ask for a bathroom.

She stands next to him, smiles up at him, trying to show by her body language that she likes him. But she can’t stand still. She rocks from side to side. Bends her knees, trying not to be obvious. Leaves him to walk around the car again, coming back to stand at his other side.

“You OK?” he says.

“Mm hm.” She nods, a smile pasted to her face. She has to go!

He tries one thing, and then another, taking things apart and then reassembling them. He has her try the car several more times, and it still won’t start. She’s holding her bladder for all she’s worth. After a couple of attempts at starting, she stays in the driver seat where she can knock her knees and grip herself without him seeing.

He comes up to her window. “You say you called for road service?”

She nods.

“I think they’ll have to tow your car in. I can stick around and give you a lift after they come.”

“Oh, thank you! That’s so sweet of you!” She gives him her best I-really-like-you smile, trying not to wriggle. She’s actually a little worried she’ll wet her pants in his car. But what can she do? She can’t run behind the stores without telling him why, and that would just be too, too, too mortifying. She can’t!

“Hey, here they are!” he says.

A massive tow truck pulls into the lot and rolls up beside them, and the driver climbs down from the cab. “Car won’t start?” he says.

She hangs back and lets her friend do the talking. He tells the tow truck man about trying jumper cables and the other things he tried... She paces in the background. With them not looking at her, she can hop and skip. She really is close to wetting herself. It’s ridiculous that she can’t just admit it and go take care of it.. .but she can’t.

The man from the garage is looking in her car now, first at the engine and then at her dashboard. She tiptoes up to stand next to her friend. She stands as still as she can, but she can’t help wriggling her hips a little.

“You’re out of gas,” the man says. He walks back to his truck for a gallon can. When she hears the gas going glug, glug, glug, she has to turn away and walk in a circle. All that liquid! “Try it now,” the man says.

She gets into the car, turns the key, and... Vrrrooooommm!

Her friend is shaking his head. “I can’t believe it was that simple!”

She’s standing by the tow truck now, signing the paperwork for Triple-A, and she’s hopping around now. She can’t help it. But it’s only the tow truck man. When he drives away, she crosses her legs and holds still again.

“I can’t believe I didn’t think of that,” her friend says. “I’m such a dufus.”

“No, no! I’m really glad you stopped.” Does he like her? Or did he stop because he’s just that nice a guy?

He shrugs. “I didn’t help much.”

“It’s the thought that counts.” God that sounded dumb. “It was sweet.”

“ Well...” He stands there for a second. She’s dying. Why won’t he go away? “See you around, I guess.” He turns to get into his car. She has to pee, she has to pee, she has to peeee! He pauses and turns to face her again. She’s going to pee in her pants! “Can I call you some time?” he says. “We can, I dunno, hang out together.”

Oh. Oh my God. She tries to give him a bright and perky smile. “I’d like that.” She’s going to wet herself any second now.

“Yeah, well...” He turns away and gets into his car.

She sounded like she didn’t mean it! Now he won’t call! She has to piss so bad, but she has to make it clear she likes him! She runs up to his car and leans down to talk to him through the open window. “My number’s in the book,” she says. His eyes flick down. Was he just looking down her cleavage? Well...good. She leans in and gives him a kiss—real quick, just a peck on the cheek, but enough to let him know she’s interested.

She stands and walks back to her car. She’s in pain, she has to go so bad. Hold it in! Hold on! She opens the door and gets in. Hold it hold it hold it. She hears him start his engine. She’s right on the edge of losing it. He waves to her as he pulls out, and she waves back. She can’t hold it another minute.

She puts her car in gear, and as he pulls out into traffic, she drives to the other end of the parking lot. She watches in her rear view mirror, and as soon as he’s gone, she kills the engine and jumps out.

She’s running, now, telling herself, “Come on, come on!” She sprints around to the back, trying to make it to those palates stacked by the delivery door...but she’s peeing already, pissing down her legs as she runs. She stops now and just stands there, giving up. Her feet are wide apart and she bends forward, leaning with her hands on her knees and her head hanging forward so her hair covers her face. She’s wetting her boy shorts, pissing down her legs and onto the ground. Pee spatters on the asphalt and she can feel little droplets splashing her ankles.

She peed in her pants! But she doesn’t care. He said he’d call her! He likes her!
