No Laughing Matters!

Author: Watcher, December 1996

Whendi spelled her name wrong - but otherwise she was all right! She had an outdoors adventurous spirit which made her unique among the girls I dated. She was also a long legged young woman, who looked fantastic in tight jeans (even better wearing shorts or a mini). One evening we were driving back to town after a canoe trip. We had just started driving and I asked her if her seat belt was fastened. To emphasize the point I grabbed her belt and pulled it down towards the fastening point beside the seat, so that the belt pressed hard against her lower abdomen.

"Ouch!" she cried, "It's a good job I've been to the bathroom!"

"Why I queried - are you that sensitive to pressure?" I queried.

"Yes" she replied, and changed the subject.

A few weeks later we decided to go on a another canoe trip for the weekend, just the two of us. We canoed in to the park for a day and set up camp beside a small stream. I was sitting with my back against a tree, with Whendi sitting just in front of me. "It's getting cold," she said shivering. I went to my pack and took out a blanket, then I sat behind her and placed the blanket over her shoulders. "Move back a few inches" I said softly. She did so, and leant her back against me. I arranged the blanket so that we were both wrapped in it. I put my arm around her and gave her a hug. "I guess I'd better not squeeze you too tightly" I said, "just in case you have an accident!"

Whendi playfully leant against me and dug her elbows into my ribs. "Well, it's not as bad as when I was a kid - it was real embarrassing then - I sometimes wet my pants whenever anyone made me laugh. By the time I started dating though, I was able to control myself. I just learned not to laugh whenever my bladder was full! Just as well - I mean, how you would feel if I wet my pants while on a date with you?"

That was the sort of question I had often fantasized Whendi asking me. I held her tightly, and she responded by leaning her head backwards on my shoulder, and I whispered into her ear - "I wouldn't be embarrassed - and, it would be incredibly sexy to see you wet your pants!"

"Oh really?" she asked incredulously.

"Yes" I said, "it would be a real turn on for lots of guys to see an attractive young woman like you wet her pants."

Whendi was silent for a moment, then said "Gee, I wish I hadn't told you my secret. Promise me you'll NEVER make me wet my pants in public. I'll never speak to you again if you do! Promise me you won't?"

"I promise you Whendi, I'll never make you wet your pants" I paused for a moment then emphasized "in public!"

My emphasis was not lost on Whendi, for she said "Thanks - it would be too embarrassing to have the whole world see me wet myself." From the way she said it, I got the impression that she was more worried about the 'whole world' seeing her embarrassment, than just one guy - me!

On our next date, after we went to a movie, we went to a pub for a beer. I was the designated driver, so I just had one beer, but Whendi had a couple of beers. It was a warm summer evening, and as we walked to the car it was clear that the beers had made her quite giddy, and it seemed like it wouldn't take very much to make her laugh! She was wearing blue jeans which were quite tight, showing off her long slender legs. So I decided to 'test the waters':

"Whendi" I began, "did you ever hear the story about the - "

Before I could finish she interrupted me: "George - you PROMISED". She leant against the wall to steady herself, gazing at me imploringly as she crossed her legs and pressed one hand against the front of her jeans. "You promised not to embarrass me in public."

"Sorry, I forgot" I finished off lamely.

"No you didn't" she said reproachfully, "I know what your trying to do - just keep your story 'til we get back to my apartment!"

When we reached the car she got in and very carefully put on the seat belt. I could not resist giving it ever so gentle a tug so it pressed more tightly against her.

"Careful!" she warned, starting to giggle, but managed not to laugh. "I'm really uncomfortable!"

Her parking space was just a few feet from the entrance to the apartment building. We walked into the lobby and stood waiting for the elevator. I could see that she was quite tense, and asked her if she was OK.

"I think by the time we get to my apartment, I won't even need a story!" she managed to say, prancing around a little.

We had to wait what seemed forever for the elevator, while Whendi took little impatient steps here and there. There were others walking through the lobby so she didn't want to be too obvious in her distress. We were the only ones in the elevator, and during the short ride up to her floor she was more demonstrative, clutching herself with both hands and bending her knees as she leant forwards a little, looking at the floor. I thought she mightn't make it into her apartment in time, but she managed to. As soon as she got in she flung down her coat jacket and purse and stood facing me. "OK, how about your story?"

Her face was flushed, and she looked incredibly sexy. Wanting to make her wait just a minute or two more, I asked her if she would change into one of her blue denim mini skirts. This she did real quick and stood just in front of me, while I sat on a chair. She came closer until her knees were almost touching mine. I reached out and caressed her fantastic thighs lightly, and began to tell her my story.

She began to laugh and backed away from me, clutching herself. My story was really funny and soon she was laughing so hard that tears were running down her cheeks. In between convulsions of laughter she managed to gasp out "You're making me wet my pants!" She clutched her self hard, bent her knees, and tried to cross her legs - all at the same time. She lost her balance and stumbled against the wall, where she stood almost upright, her hands clasped between her thighs, pressing her short dress tightly against her crotch. In seconds a dark wet patch appeared just above her wrists, spread out rapidly and flowed down under her hands until the whole front of her skirt was soaking. She stood up straighter, uncrossed her legs but kept them squeezed together as little dribbles ran down between her thighs from her soaking panties and skirt, to her knees. She bent her knees again and the trickles began to run down the backs of her legs, and flowed around her ankles and over her feet.

She looked just like I had always imagined an out-of-control young woman would look as she wet her pants. She was still shaking with laughter when the flow eased about 20 seconds later, but drips continued to flow down her legs from her saturated pants and skirt for a little longer. Then she walked over and sat down hard on my lap, and I felt the warm wetness soak into my jeans as I caressed her wet legs and felt her soaked crotch.

