Joanne's Accidents (27-28)
 Note: This story contains Female Desperation, and Accidental Wetting.
Author: Aquavite (1997'12) f P#029

Accident #27

As usual I met Joanne for a quick coffee. Little time talking about anything peeing or sexual related, except briefly. I asked her about accidents, she said she had had none.

A: Not even little dribbles?

J: Oh, those. Of course, you know I can rarely go a day without dribbling in my panties on the way to the toilet. I don't even think about those they happen so often.

A: Urge incontinence?

J: Guess so...You know, even thinking about a toilet makes me desperate if I have to pee, especially if I have to pee badly. Seeing one is worse, and trying to get your pants down, or pantihose, or whatever is really difficult. So I often dribble.

A: How wet do you get your panties usually?

J: Not much, just a small spot. I don't think about it is happens so much.

A: Guess that makes for interesting stains in the laundry.

J: If you like women's soiled panties it does. [She smiles at me.] I know you do....

***

Accident #28

I met Joanne for breakfast and we spent over an hour and a half together. She was wearing a great looking turtle neck, emphasizing her small shoulders and her pert and lovely breasts. Her shoulder length hair fell in front and back. She wore skin tight pants, not really jeans, but cut like jeans, accented by a wide belt. Her ass push against her pants, especially as she walked. I loved looking at her from the moment we met this morning.

We had been talking maybe 45 minutes, when all of a sudden, me in the middle of talking, Joanne looks at me and smiling a knowing and teasing smile says, "I really gotta pee bad...I'll be right back." I look at her lovely ass swaying back and forth on the way to the toilet, imagining her not making it. Ah, luck, a woman and her small daughter get in before Joanne. She returns to the table, fidgeting. "I'll sit, its easier than standing. And if I stood everyone would see me jumping around. God, I have to pee so badly."

I ask her why she waited.

Joanne: You know. I wanted to hear what you were talking about, so I held it, but then all of a sudden, god I really have to pee. That woman will take a long time with her little girl.

Joanne is crossing and uncrossing her legs, her chair pulled back from the table giving her more room. She bends forward, squeezing her legs together. I almost expect her to hold herself, but she doesn't. I'm very hard, and she's pretty desperate. She swivels in her chair, recrossing her legs, looking at the toilet door. "I've got to pee so badly...."

Me: Are you going to make it?

J: I'd better, I have to go to work.

Me: I could drive you home to change if you didn't make it.

J: [smiling] Don't even think such thoughts.....God, I hope she's done fast, but little kids take so long. Why is there just one toilet here?

Me: You could try the men's.

J: I don't wan to make a scene...

Me: You'd prefer to sit there jumping around and maybe have an accident?

J: I wont have one! God.....

The door opens, and she jumps up, walking quickly, her legs somewhat together. She goes in and returns a few minutes later. I ask, "Did you make in on time?"

J: Yes, too bad for you, I actually did. No problem.
