The Queen's Desperate Advisor (part 1)

Author: Melody Alexi

Chapter 1

Queen Adria was fidgeting like a child in her gaudy chair.

She was a young queen, and for that, there was a lot that Clare could overlook, but flagrantly disrespecting important people wasn't on the list. Clare herself wasn't much older than the queen, but she'd had years of ambassadorial experience, and she was confident in her role as advisor.

The only thing Queen Adria seemed to flex confidence in was her ability to pick out frilly dresses for frilly parties.

Even now she looked slumped and disinterested, at a table of generals and war

heroes, like she'd rather be anywhere else in the kingdom. It was making Clare furious, but you didn't get to be an ambassador or an advisor to the queen without knowing how to cloak your facial expressions.

"Milady, General Augustine asked you a question," Clare said, keeping her voice low and light.

Queen Adria's head shot up, and she absently wrung her fingers. "Repeat the question."

Like she was a school child who had been daydreaming. Clare internally groaned and kept her amiable face pasted on.

On top of her clear disinterest, Queen Adria would not sit still. Beneath her ruffled skirts, she tapped her dainty shoe, like she secretly ached to speed this along. That only made Clare madder.

The gathering dragged on, and when it finally ended, Queen Adria said goodbyes far too brusquely. And once guests were shepherded out the door she stood and heaved a dramatic sigh of relief. "Tea break!"

Clare all but saw red.

And it was vindictive, but if she didn't urge the queen to be responsible, who would?

"Oh, no. Not yet. I've scheduled a second gathering immediately following."

Instead of scowling fiendishly like she usually did when she didn't get her way, the queen looked pained, and maybe a little alarmed. The expression was a surprising one, and Clare didn't know what to make of it.

"Just a... short stop for tea?" the queen almost implored, and Clare bit back a remark that Adria's version of tea often became an hours-long affair.

"I'm afraid there simply isn't any time. Back to it."

The queen pouted— to think of a queen pouting — but Clare didn't feel any sympathy. Sometimes she intentionally packed meetings tightly, back-to-back, in a bid to force the young queen to get anything done. Today was one of those days, and she privately gloated over the queen's sulking.

Queen Adria sank back into her seat with a look of profound discomfort.

The next gathering was full of important nobles, and even the ditzy queen had enough intelligence to pretend to be interested in what they had to say. But still, beneath the table, Clare could see her tapping her shoe impatiently on the floor.

As the minutes trickled along slowly, with even slower dialogue from elderly and important nobles, even Clare found it dull. But she was used to paying attention anyway.

And as she paid attention to the happenings of the room, she couldn't help but notice how the queen seemed to be stiffly crossing and uncrossing her ankles beneath her skirt, sometimes pressing her legs tightly together.

And all at once, it hit her.

She'd ruined the queen's chance to relieve herself.

Adria was fidgeting, faintly rocking, and twisting her hands. She even looked a little pale.

Clare almost felt a rush of guilt. Almost. In some dark way, it was fun to watch her squirm a little. Clare had spent her fair share of gatherings and parties holding back her own urge to wet herself when duty and propriety required it. Duty and forced propriety were things the queen could stand to get acquainted with.

So, with a mix of guilt and strange satisfaction, she watched the queen try to conceal her need.

When Adria was asked a question she shut her eyes, like she was thinking hard. But Clare could see the faint glow of sweat on her forehead. "I think that's a brilliant idea," she said weakly. Clare realized that now she was the one distracted, and she didn't remotely know which brilliant idea the queen was responding to. She was too busy watching her helplessness with warped fascination. It was a valiant struggle on the queen's part if she was honest. If you didn't have a view beneath the table, where her legs were doing their elegant need-relief dance, you'd have no idea. Just now she was tapping her knee and trying to relax her legs, only to fasten them abruptly together again.

She was admittedly afraid the queen would lash out at her for putting her in this sordid predicament— but that would force her to admit the predicament. And Adria was too concerned with appearances to ever do that.

In fact, it hit her that she could probably get a lot of entertainment out of this. The queen would never admit to having a base human need, and Clare could pretend the idea of it had never even occurred to her. She could keep the queen in meetings for hours.

And privately, she would like a dash of revenge for all the times the queen had left her between a rock and a hard place or thrown her to angry mobs of nobles or courtiers while she flounced around doing nothing.

So, the minute the gathering showed signs of winding down, Clare stood on a dark impulse and said, "Thank you, everyone, for gracing us with your presence. Queen Adria and I will pass on your regards to the Duke of Harding. My queen?" Her cue for the queen to lead the room in disassembling.

Adria gave a weak nod and stood with a great disguise of her trembling.

Then, once everyone was out the door, she began to walk briskly for the door herself. Clare trotted to keep up.

"The duke can wait," the queen snapped, sailing out the door. "I need a moment."

"My queen, we kept the duke waiting last time," she said, watching with undeniable glee as the queen tried to walk while keeping her legs pressed tightly together. "A second time would be perceived as an insult."

"Well, let him be insulted. I need a moment."

"My queen," Clare tried again. "I can't emphasize enough what an important noble the duke is. Or how his displeasure could affect certain holdings."

"Is he so important that he can't wait one minute?"

"He can't abide by lateness, I'm afraid."

And the queen muttered something that sounded like an oath under her breath, and the perspiration on her forehead glistened in the sun from the windows, but she finally took a deep breath and turned on her heel. She stormed in the direction of the wing where they were to receive the duke. Clare fought an expression of smug satisfaction as she scurried to keep up.

The meeting was a long and grueling one, even for Clare who didn't have to urinate, and she quietly watched the queen's mounting distress.

While the duke talked, she saw the queen's lady-in-waiting hovering outside the window, and gave her a subtle wave of dismissal, which the woman accepted with a grateful look. The only thing worse than enduring a meeting this long-winded was standing outside, waiting for it to end. Adria would fume when she got outside to find no attendant, but Clare was enjoying flirting with the queen's coming rage. Maybe she'd snapped, after all the frustrations and little injustices the queen had caused her. She didn't know, but she didn't dislike the feeling it gave her, pulling at the strings of power for once.

Queen Adria cleared her throat often and glared at the timepiece on the wall. Of course, none of this served to rush time along.

At some point, while the duke was on a long tirade about his holdings, a strange expression passed over the queen's face, like a mix of horror and alarm, and she stole a quick glance down at her skirts like she was checking that they were still dry. She bit her lip and gave the duke a pitiful glance, begging him with her eyes to please, please conclude this insufferably dull audience.

The minutes dragged by, and then suddenly final thoughts were shared, final concessions were made, long-winded farewells were exchanged, and the queen bolted to her feet the minute the duke shut his mouth.

She stormed into the courtyard, and normally she'd be flanked by her small procession, but Clare and her guards hardly had any time to keep up with her.

Still. Clare wasn't finished toying with her.

"My queen? I was wondering if maybe we could discuss some of the duke's concerns..."

"Another time," she said firmly and authoritatively, but the commanding words were a little strained.

Clare still hurried to keep up.

"Where is my lady in waiting?" Adria snapped, as she scurried down the halls, towards the royal wing.

"Indisposed," Clare answered pertly and politely. "I dismissed her. She was looking unwell."

The queen muttered something and kept on, and Clare added, "I'll walk with you."

Now, all vindictiveness aside, a strange curiosity had come over her. How would the queen handle bursting to piss like any old peasant after a long morning of relentless work? She was eager to see how she would try to save face with this primal urgency coming over her.

And for a while the queen did maintain her dignity, biting her lip and letting Clare follow her, not showing any obvious signs of distress except those her body revealed without her permission. Her skin had gone pale and a brimming look of panic filled her eyes as she walked with stiff steps.

But then they neared the royal chambers, and her composed demeanor began to crack. She stomped up to a guard. "Send for someone to attend me. My lady-in-waiting is indisposed."

And then she strode to her bed-chamber... and the young man standing guard looked terribly embarrassed. "They are still cleaning, my lady."

"Still?!" She snapped.

"The morning staff was behind, cleaning from that... party? Last night?"

"Do I look like I want explanations and excuses? They are behind on their duties." It was the most ironic irony, coming from the queen of chronic lateness. "And I want access to my chambers now."

"My queen," Clare deftly approached her.

The queen glared at her like she'd only just realized she'd followed her this whole distance. "Our dealings are done," she snapped. "Stop following me."

"I was a lady in waiting once," Clare said, in her delicate negotiation voice. "Perhaps I can attend you?"

The queen's eyes flicked around in momentary panic. She knew exactly what Clare knew. Her dress had a thousand or so laces on the back, and layers of thick heavy skirts to lift if she chose to lift them. She'd never make it to a chamber pot in time without help.

So, in a moment's despair, she conceded, "Fine. But first, this idiot needs to open this door and clear out these tardy servants."

The guard looked uncomfortable— Clare was far more in touch with castle happenings than the queen would ever be, and she knew full well he was romantically involved with one of the maids who was probably inside the room this very moment, but he acted on his duty and unlocked the door.

He went to clear them out with an awkward attempt at authoritative intimidation.

The queen rapidly tapped her foot, her fists balled around the overflowing fabric of her skirts, as the servants gathered up their supplies and scurried out of the chamber, with low bows in her direction.

"Yes, yes, bow and be done with. Go." She glared at the guard hovering in her room. "You too."

With all servants and guards cleared she sailed into the room, and Clare followed with crisp, tiny steps, taking her own sweet time closing the door.

But the minute the door was shut the queen's demeanor changed, and her panic surfaced.

"I need out of this dress, and I need a chamber pot. Now."

