Claire at the Night Club

Author: Jo (1999-06-26 at 02:04) #37034

Hi!

My name is Jo, I'm 19, 5ft 6in with long dark hair, and from the UK, I've posted here before.

When I go to night clubs and parties, often I have seen teenage girls wet themselves - and several times I've ended up wetting myself!

A few weeks ago, I went to a night club in Birmingham on a Saturday night. The place seemed to be packed out with young teenage girls wearing really short miniskirts!

In the distance, I saw a girl I knew, her name was Claire, and she was younger than me, but slightly taller, with very long legs. She was wearing an exceedingly short grey miniskirt, with two side slits, with smooth sheer tights covering her lovely legs. She looked great! Her miniskirt was much shorter than mine (although I had thought mine was short!), and during the evening I couldn't help notice her white knickers under her tights. Needless to say, she was popular with the guys!

At this club, toilet facilities were very limited, and there were always long queues, especially on a Saturday night. Claire told me she had gone, but come back without using the loo because the queues were so long!

Later in the evening, Claire and I became temporarily separated, and I saw her in the distance, fidgetting and holding herself, obviously VERY desperate. She then looked all round herself, and went into a corner, partially hidden by a table, but I could still see her quite well from where I was standing, although it wasn't very brightly lit. The floor was covered in a very dirty carpet, which had lots of drink spilt on it.

And then, as I watched, Claire stood completely still. There wasn't anyone else close to her at that point. And then I saw it — unmistakably — a steadiy trickle flowing first down one leg, then down both. She was wetting herself as she stood there! Wow! The floor was dirty and wet already, from split drinks, so I guess it wouldn'd have made much difference. Though I did go over later, and I could tell where Claire had relieved herself. After that, she carried on as if nothing had happened - her miniskirt was completely dry.

During the evening, I saw Claire do the same thing on two other occasions!

Later I did manage to bring the subject up, and she admitted to me what she had done. In her own words “Jo, when I go to a club or party I usually end up pissing myself - that's one of the reasons I wear a short miniskirt!”

I got the definite impression she really enjoyed doing it! She also told me that several of her friends regularly wet themselves too!

Has anyone else got similar stories?

Best Wishes

Jo

