The Window
	(Female Desperation)
Written by Veronique (2012-12-27)

The story I tell you here happened around summer 2006. At this time I was writing my degree dissertation. I lived in the suburbs in a small apartment. The house wasn't big; it had ten floors and (thank God) an elevator. On every floor were three apartments; I lived on the third floor.

My table stood at the window of my living room affording me a good view on maybe 200 meters of the street. Most of the time I worked from late afternoon until late at night, and I often looked outside to distract myself and get fresh inspiration by watching the people, dogs or birds.

After a few days I knew exactly who came along with his dog and at what time they usually appeared. Most every day I saw my neighbor Antina, a woman in her mid-thirties, as she arrived home from work. She lived in the same house on the floor above me. I knew that she used the local train to get to and from her office, and nearly every day she came along the street at five thirty, usually with a man who lived a few blocks down the street.

I noticed that Anita and her friend walked together to the gate of our driveway and then stood a few minutes continuing their conversation. I don't know if they were flirting or merely talking about business, but every time she was in his company they paused to chat. After they said goodbyes he would always walk on while she went round to the back of the house to enter through the rear door.

More than once I noticed Anita crossing her legs while standing out there on the pavement talking, and sometimes she was quite fidgety. At first I was not sure if she needed to pee or not, but on one occasion I guessed that she might be desperate to pee. I usually leave the door to my own bathroom open, and because Anita's bathroom is located directly above it, the sound of her peeing into the toilet really carries through the floor. I knew she had a very powerful pee, suggesting to me that her bladder most usually be very full by the time she reached the bathroom.

It became a daily habit to listen out for Anita using the toilet as soon as she arrived home, because nearly every day she released a powerful stream, which I hoped meant that she had been holding a very full bladder, most of the time. I don't know why this happened to her so often but I do know that her ride home from work takes about an hour, and that the trains have no toilets. I imagined her drinking a little too much at work, or perhaps she is into holding? I didn't care about the reason, only that nearly every day she really needed to pee as she arrived home.

On a few occasions I went down at the basement (the escalator only goes down to the ground floor) and when I heard her heels on the pavement. I would time my arrival at the top of the basement stairs to meet her in the hallway. On one of these occasions, I found Anita really squirming and gritting her teeth but of course as soon as she saw me she tried to hide her predicament. We rode the lift up together, stopping at the third floor where I stepped off to go back to my apartment.

When I turned to say goodbye to Anita, I saw for a moment that she had her hand rammed between her legs. She immediately pulled it away but her reaction was a little too slow. It gave me quite a buss to realize that she was really bursting to get to the toilet. Seconds later, I was inside my apartment when I heard Anita's keys open the door to her apartment, followed by her heels clicking loudly as she ran to the bathroom, and finally a very powerful stream hitting the water inside the toilet bowl. She had not even made the time to kick off her shoes. It must have been a close thing.

A few days later I discovered that the elevator had a switch to stop it and keep the doors open, a function designed to use if you have a few things to carry in or out. So sometimes I called the elevator and turned the switch so that it would not go down to the ground floor when Anita calls it. (Of course I stopped the elevator at the fifth or sixth floor so that she didn't realize it was me holding it up). This forced Anita to use the stairs, causing her an additional delay.Several times I heard her climbing up the stairs in a big hurry, stopping several times and resuming her climb. The reason for this, I guessed, was that she had to pee so badly that she had to stop walking to keep from losing control.

Now I come to the special day I remember well, when something was different. It was at least six thirty before both Anita and her friend appeared in the street. From the distance I could see that Anita had her right hand in the pocket of her pants (she wore a business suit) and walked bent forward a little. I realized she must have been delayed on the train and was now absolutely bursting.

As they drew near I could see that they were deep in conversation as usual, but despite gesticulation with one hand, Anita kept the other in her pants pocket the entire time. Her steps seemed a little out of rhythm too, and smaller than usual. I wasn't really prepared this day, but now I thought about going to the basement or blocking the elevator. Before I could act on this, another idea came to me and I hurried out to call the elevator to the fourth floor, leaving the switch off in order to block it. I returned to my apartment in time to see that Anita and her friend were just a few steps from the driveway. 

As I watched them, I could tell from Anita's body language that she was fighting a massive urge to pee, so intense that she didn't really try to hide it. She resumed walking and reached the entrance to the driveway where Anita was forced to stop for a moment to say goodbye. Standing still had obviously made her urge more powerful because she was pressing her other hand into the pocket of her pants too, bending forward a little at the waist. Her friend went on talking and Anita started to step from foot to foot with stiff legs, both hands deep inside her pockets. Then she managed to stand still for a moment, but very soon crossed her legs as she took one hand out of the pocket and made a gesture to cut the conversation short. She turned and entered the driveway, pulling up te waistband of her trousers as she came.

I hurried out of my apartment and closed the door. I could hear her heels clicking on the pavement outside while she opened the door - she must have been performing a major pee dance as she rummaged for her keys. The door opened and I heard Anita hurry in. Her steps were fast as she moved to the call panel of the elevator, then stopped as she stood there pressing the button to call the elevator. The sound of her heels as she tapped from foot to foot was clearly audible, slow at first and then faster. After a few seconds she stopped and I could here her moaning. She must be dying to pee. Then again she tapped with her heels. After maybe ten more seconds she realized that the elevator was blocked.

"Stupid kids" I heard her say, and her voice betrayed her desperation. She climbed the stairs but not as fast as I had often had heard her. She had to be taking slow and careful steps, stopping here and there to pause and probably hold herself. Each time her steps paused I heard her moan. She was at the end of her tether!

After a while she appeared at the top of the stairs on my floor. At first she couldn't see me because the stairs lead away from me. I clearly saw she had her hand pressed between her legs. As she turned the corner and was about to ascent the next flight, she noticed me and quickly took her hand out of her crotch. She walked up slowly now pulling her hand inside her pocket and with the other hand holding her bladder area.

"Hi!" she said, trying to sound casual.

"Oh, hi Anita!" I replied. As she reached the third floor, I said. "You won't believe it, but I have locked myself out of my apartment. Can I come up with you and use your phone? My cell phone is inside and have to call my cousin and he has a key. "

She had to stop now. She pressed her hand deep between her legs; I could see that even though it was in the pocket. She breathed hard and again had to use all her strength to hold on and answer me. I could see her that she was rubbing her crotch from inside her pocket.

"Of course you can!" she gasped.

I could see her legs shivering. She had placed her second hand on her thigh now and I could see her thump her fist, then pressing against her crotch to suppress her tortured muscles. Without any delay we climbed up the stairs and I noticed from behind that she had her hand out of the pocket and between her legs again. I could see the fingers from the angle I was walking a few steps behind. She made a huge effort to hold the flood back, and was squeezing her crotch very hard.

At her door she crossed her legs and waited a bit until she was able to stop holding herself because she had to use both hands to search in her bag for her keys. I could see at her butt that her muscles were flexing and trembling. As she found the keys she fumbled one into the lock with her right hand while the other pushed at her groin, her legs pressed tightly together side by side. She tried hard not to hold herself in front of me but she had to pull her right leg over the left to keep control and I got a glimpse of her left hand which she pushed between her legs at this moment. Finally, the door opened.

Before she was able to do anything more I acted frantic and said: "Okay, before you show me your phone, please lead me to your toilet, I was waiting outside there for nearly half an hour and I am ready to explode! Please!" I begged and did a pee dance in front of her.

The expression on her face was priceless. She was shocked, then she crossed her legs hard, pressing her right hand between her legs without caring about me anymore. She bent over and said in an absolute panic: "Sorry but I have to go first. I can't stand any more delay."

She hobbled over over to the toilet door, one hand between her legs, opened the door, at the same time pulling her fingers out of her crotch. She unbuttoned her trousers and nearly fell over her heels. Her right hand was at her panties to quickly pull them down. At this moment she poked the door with her left hand but this did not really shut it. I heard her open the toilet led and heard the pee splashing into the bowl for over one minute. Then she closed the door completely and I heard her flushing and washing her hands. After two minutes or more I heard her flushing the toilet the second time and she opened the door and let me in. I don't know why she needed so long but I think she must have splashed some pee beside the bowl or something and wanted to clean up first.

After I "used" the toilet and came back, she said: "Sorry that you had to wait, but I was about to pee my pants."

"It's okay, me too" I answered in an understanding voice.

"No, "she said, "it was that urgent, I mean it literally. I couldn't have lasted one second more."

And then maybe because of relief she told me: "There was an accident and our train was standing nearly an hour on the track, with no toilet inside and I had to pee badly already as I got on the train. Believe me, the whole way from the station to the house I feared to wet myself in public. And because Peter (that was the name of her friend) was with me, I couldn't squat beside a car, and there are no public toilets along the way home."

"Oh I'm sorry for you." I said

She added: "I've never had to pee that bad in my life before!"

