Carla
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation and Female Wetting.
By: Roger Ireland (2003-07-20)

Carla was tall, very tall. In fact, she stood nearly six feet with shoes on. This had worked both in her favor and against her as she went through school. She had been chosen for some of the best parts in the school plays and did well on the running track. On the other hand though, she had always been at the back of the class photographs and was always picked out to reach up to high shelves in the classroom.

As she grew into her teens, she found that there were other advantages and disadvantages to being so tall. Boys shorter than her, and there were a lot, would not consider her a suitable choice for a date and shorter girls were viciously jealous of her long slender legs. On the other hand, those boys who were not height-challenged found her long legs and straight long hair irresistible and she was never short of an offer to go somewhere or other with one of them.

Then she reached eighteen. Her newfound freedom fed the sense of power growing within her and she practiced and practiced until she could almost perfectly predict any male's response to her flirting moves. One glimpse of her long legs beneath a swirling mini-skirt was usually enough to attract the attention she sought and from then on the man was in her grasp to do with as she willed or to reject at a whim. Sometimes she played with them for weeks at a time, some times only for an hour.

Most of her friends were wary of her and would not spend too much time with so obvious a rival and, having been bitten once or twice before, drifted away one by one until she was left with just a handful of hangers-on. Some stayed for the attention by association, some for the perverse pleasure of trying to outdo her. Outdoing Carla was usually only achieved by actually having sex with the guy, something Carla always refused to do, without exception.

In the absence of all but the hardiest of friends, Carla threw herself into the company of men. She was driven almost to frenzy trying to outdo her own efforts at seductive flirtation and sought ever more daring ways to entice the male who happened to be her current quarry. She discovered that if the man caught a glimpse of her knickers he became turned on better and faster, particularly if he thought it was accidental, and Carla was an excellent actress. Very few of her victims had even the slightest suspicion that the whole show had been contrived for their benefit.

She would wear the most appealing knickers, with teddy bears on them perhaps, or some other 'little girl' looks. She would wear thongs and let them believe for a time or two that she was wearing no knickers at all, she wore 'see-through' lingerie and even tried latex but found that a bit too hot and clammy so gave it up.

In her quest to ever improve her art she tried everything she could think of to drive the men wild. Then, one night, she accidentally stumbled on what was to become her next 'weapon' in this one-sided war of man-control. It turned out to be such an immensely powerful part of her arsenal that very, very few of her rivals either would, or could match it.

So, you want to know what Carla discovered that night? Of course you do!

You only want to know for interest's sake? Oh yes! Pull the other one!

You want to use this powerful trick once only, just to win over 'the only man for you?'

Oh Yes!

So what did Carla discover by accident that night? You won't pass this on will you? For those guys who like it, and a lot of them do, it's dynamite in the right hands!

So what did Carla discover that night?

She wet herself! Completely and absolutely wet herself. She was out with a date and had already got the poor chap drooling over her with her usual tricks when she realized that maybe she had had one drink too many which caused her to feel two things rather suddenly. She was a bit dizzier than she was accustomed to feeling and she was desperate to pee.

She got up to go to the Ladies' and because she was just a little more drunk than she had realized, she fell back down again in her seat with a bump. Tim, the guy she was out with, started to laugh which in turn started Carla laughing as well. Suddenly she realized that she was peeing uncontrollably in her knickers and in her shock at doing that she started to laugh even harder. So there she was, our intrepid Carla, so accustomed to being in control yet sitting there, totally out of control, laughing hysterically and wetting her knickers at the same time.

The back of her skirt, which was a beige denim mini, was soaked by the time she managed to stop peeing and there was a small puddle soaking into the carpet beneath the table. Tim had realized that there was something wrong and stopped laughing and looked concerned. Carla tried to look as cool as she could but she was blushing furiously and felt desperately embarrassed as she said to Tim, "I've just peed myself."

Tim was very good to her and offered to take her home straight away. She noticed that he walked behind her out of the pub and she thought that he was trying to shield her from the view of the other customers but he kept looking at the back of her skirt as they walked across to his car and he seemed very agitated. He put a blanket on the passenger seat for her to sit on and helped her into the car but as he did so she felt his hand brush lightly against the back of her skirt where it was wet. When he got into the car he was clearly very aroused and an idea began to germinate in Carla's mind.

Carla had an almost intuitive feeling that she had discovered, and by accident at that, yet another way to tease her men victims. Tim was obviously still quite clearly excited by the situation and kept glancing at the front of her skirt where a small wet patch showed from contact with her knickers. Carla, in order to get as objective an opinion as possible from Tim, made light of wetting herself, once over the initial embarrassment, and said that she supposed most people did the same thing occasionally. Tim then told her about another time when he had seen a girl wet herself at a party and agreed that it must happen now and then.

By Tim's obvious excitement, Carla was now almost certain that he was turned on by her accident. She decided to investigate further and asked him if it had put him off seeing her again. He responded cautiously by saying that he understood and it could have happened to anyone. Carla was well accustomed to playing mind and word games and so she asked him if he could kiss a girl who had wet knickers on. His answer was that it made no difference to him, and that, if the girl was kissable - and he made it clear that Carla was, he would be happy to kiss her with or without knickers, wet or dry.

When they reached Carla's house she got out of the car and thanked him for the lift. Then she reached up and kissed him full on the lips. As they were kissing she released her pee again, intentionally this time, and when Tim heard the slight splashing on the pavement Carla clearly felt his excitement raise itself again. Now she was sure! As she waved to him driving away she began to feel excited herself, partly because of her newfound power and partly because her pussy was experiencing a feeling that was new to her and not entirely unpleasant. She went to sleep that night contented with herself and planning all sorts of new conquests.

Carla set that weekend aside for planning and perfecting her new trick. She chose two guys who had been pestering her for a date and rang each of them in turn arranging dates on the following Friday and Saturday nights. On Sunday she did not get up as early as usual but lay in bed planning her day then got up, dressed and was out of the house inside half an hour. She went to a country park nearby and, after having a drink at the café she walked around the lake there. As she walked she practiced peeing a little into her knickers until she could do it at will, either standing still or walking.

Then she sat on a bench and, in full view of the people passing by out for a stroll, she completely emptied her bladder into her knickers and skirt. The skirt she had chosen to wear today was a dark color so most people would be unaware- but she knew that if she did wet herself as a flirting ploy it was almost certain that others would see. She decided that she would act as if it were an accident every time until she knew the response of her male companion.

Friday night came around and Carla met Darren (her Friday date) in town as agreed. She was out of breath and hurrying when she got there, all put on as an act to give background to her story. She told Darren that she was late home from work and came out almost as she was, telling him that she had had no time even to do her make-up. Darren took her to The New Theatre near the town center and they agreed to go to a Thai restaurant after the show. During the show Carla teased Darren unmercifully by allowing him glimpses of her breasts through the opening of her jacket top. She was completely naked underneath the jacket and she was certain that Darren realized this as he became more and more distracted from watching the stage. Towards the end of the performance Carla started to fidget in her seat a little. To be truthful, she really did need to go to the loo.

When Darren asked her what was wrong she admitted, a little coyly, that she had not had time to go to the loo before coming out in a rush and didn't want to keep him waiting as she felt that was the height of rudeness. He asked if she wanted to go to the Ladies' now or wait until the end of the show. She told him that she would wait. When they got up to leave the theatre the queue to the ladies was quite long. Carla told Darren that she would wait until they got to the restaurant. It was cold outside and Carla really did need to pee so she asked if they could hurry. As they walked quickly along the road she told Darren that she didn't think she could wait and with that started to release her bladder into her knickers. As the warm pee started to run down her thighs she told Darren to stop. She said, in a horrified voice, "I'm wetting myself. Look!"

Her pee was running down the legs of the trousers she had on and the light brown corduroy material clearly showed the track of her pee as it progressed down her legs in a widening wet patch. Darren was mesmerized and stood completely still as if unable to believe his eyes. A puddle began to form at her feet and the legs of her trousers were saturated. Several people looked at her as they walked past and when she had stopped she asked Darren if he would mind taking her home. Darren seemed very keen to do that and on the way home said several things that gave Carla the impression that he had enjoyed her 'accident.' He joked about it as well in an apparent attempt to make her feel less embarrassed and Carla knew that he also was turned on by wet knickers.

When they got back to Carla's house they kissed and she felt his excitement in full growth. She invited him in and they went into the kitchen where she took off her coat, shoes and trousers. As she walked about in wet knickers making coffee, she felt his eyes watching the wet material clinging to her bottom as Tim's had the week before and now she knew beyond doubt the power of her knew trick. Darren was dismissed as soon as he had finished his coffee and the following night a similar occurrence with her second date that weekend convinced her that she could take virtually any man off any girl by wetting herself in front of him and appealing to him for assistance.

The acid test was the following Wednesday, Carla had been invited out with her sister and her boyfriend. Her sister should have known better, but she was her sister after all and didn't expect Carla to steal her own sister's boyfriend!

The evening went well, they went to a show and then to a restaurant in town. After the meal Carla's sister, Corinne, went to the ladies' on her own and Carla, taking full advantage of the situation, said quietly to Paul, her sister's boyfriend, "I don't need to go to the loo, I went in the theatre." Paul replied that he didn't see her go and Carla said, "I don't suppose you did, I didn't move from my seat the whole time."

Paul, a little confused and completely unaware of where this was going, said innocently, "How did you go to the loo without leaving your seat?"

Carla replied teasingly, "I went to the loo in my seat, of course, I wet myself where I sat, it's so much easier you know. My knickers are still soaked, but no-one would ever know underneath this skirt would they?" Paul had to admit that he had not even noticed while she had actually been sitting right next to him and completely peed herself. The tell tale signs of Paul's interest were clear to Carla already and by the time Corinne returned Carla knew she had him hooked, he was as excited as the other men had been. 

When they arrived back home to Carla's house for a night-cap, she kept the same clothes on and winked at Paul a few times putting her finger to her lips to warn him not to say anything to Corinne, while at the same time absent-mindedly rubbing her bottom to remind him that her knickers were still wet. When Paul and Corinne left, Carla stood on her doorstep with her legs crossed and, if he looked closely enough Paul might just have seen the glistening on her legs as she peed again for him.

The next day, Thursday, Paul called to see Carla on his way home from work, knowing that she would be in and that Corinne, a nurse, would be at work until 10 o'clock that evening. Carla opened the door to him wearing blue denims and a jersey jumper. She looked at him and said, "You've come for an action replay haven't you?" He smiled and nodded. As Carla reached up and kissed him she started to let go and her pee began to seep into her pants as he put his arms around her. Carla jumped up and wrapped her legs loosely around his waist then completely relaxed and wet herself for him. Her pee soaked through her knickers and jeans and wet the front of Paul's trousers so much so that he felt himself getting wet by the time Carla stopped peeing.

In the weeks that followed Corinne never really found out why Paul cooled off with her and later ended up with Carla. She was very mature about it but at the back of her mind she always harbored lingering doubts about when it had started between Paul and Carla and whenever she visited them at their new home she always had a vague uneasiness, as if Carla were mocking her slightly.

Carla, for her part, was quite happy with Paul and he genuinely was the first man she had sex with. She was particularly pleased with the way she had finally repaid her sister for what she had done all those years ago when Corinne's good looks had enabled her to steal Carla's boyfriend at the time. Corinne had laughed so much at Carla's impotent, angry tirade that she had wet herself and then sworn Carla to secrecy lest it get out to her friends. Carla would smile occasionally, not just at how well she had kept that secret, but at the price Corinne had unknowingly paid!
