I had an accident all right...
 From www.yoyo.com/qotw/qotw33-4.html
Author: Unknown (1997-12-11) P#000

I was at a bar with a guy I was dating and I'd had several beers. I was suddenly struck with the urge to go pee as beer has a tendency to do, but my boyfriends favorite song came on and we HAD to dance to it,and then 3 or 4 more subsequently....so now I REALLY have to [go], but as we step off the dance floor we run into...........his parents! [EDITOR'S NOTE: I hate it when I bump into my parents while hanging out at the bar.] I had not met them yet so he has to introduce me and I have to do the standard greetings and obligatory conversation bit and by now I REALLY REALLY have to pee!!! I finally break free and sprint towards the ladies room only to find a long waiting line~well, I realize there is a no waiting option, so amidst the protests I cut the line and head for relief...alas-too late!

Yes, I wet my pants just inches away from making it safely into the stall. Well, now I'm so embarrassed I sit in a stall forever and then it's closing time so I have to come out. I think I'm OK because I have black jeans on and no one will see the wet spot. I walk outside with my date and his parents where we engage in a conversation in the parking lot,,foolishly because it is freezing outside. Soon thereafter, to my horror I notice everyone staring in disbelief at [the area] area...........where I looked down to see steam rising from the moisture and my "heat" down there.

I don't remember what happened after that because I still suffer from post traumatic stress syndrome, but my therapist says I'll be OK...one day?

--
