Chapter #11

Author: Wendy on November 03, 1998 at 12:39

The drive out to Vanessa's home would take us about forty minutes. It had become fully light while we had our breakfast and our short playtime in the Women's room. I was excited to the point that I was all nervous inside. I was going to get to make love with a girl I had found sexy from the first time we met. I had only realized that I actually wanted her in this way at last night's party. But, now speeding down the highway toward her home, I was having visions of her naked and eager…opening her arms and legs for me. I also had pictures of her pissing and wetting with me in dozens of ways.

I was happy and anxious beyond conception. Such luck should only happed once in a lifetime. First, meeting Bill (if he should turn out to be what I was hoping). Then, discovering that I would have Vanessa for a lover, a wet lover! It was all too much. I feared that she would have second thoughts during our drive. Somehow, it being early morning (daylight) seemed to deaden certain urges. I would have to do something to keep her interest and excitement level up there, somewhere close to my own.

The damp area in the crotch of my levis kept calling for my attention. It made me want to wet some more. Primarily because of the tremendous turn-on it would cause, but also because it would rewarm the coolness that had taken over that spot. That gave me an idea that added another edge to my excitement. I turned to Vanessa and explained about what I was feeling down there, that I figured she was feeling much the same. I went on to outline how, with just a little squirt, we could warm things up…in more ways than one. Uncertainty filled her expression once more, making me feel as if I was moving a bit too fast again. I asked if I was pushing the wet thing too hard. She said she didn't know; it was all so new to her. She told me that she was already getting comfortable, even a little excited, at the idea of wetting; but she was afraid of ruining her seat covering. I said that I was only suggesting a tiny squirt of pee, just a trickle; not a flood. 

She said that it was all perfectly natural for me to talk of that kind of control; I probably did this all the time. (Actually, I didn't.) But, that she was afraid that, if she attempted to do it, she would likely just start going and not be able to stop! I looked around for something absorbent to put under her, asking if she knew of anything. Vanessa said to look in the back seat. She thought there might be an old sweatshirt there. It was on the floor and I stretched over the seat bask and retrieved it. I had her raise up and I put part of it under her bottom. The rest I pulled to its full remaining length toward me. Then I scooted over next to her and sat on it. Sitting next to her, I could feel her trembling very slightly. I asked if she were cold. She said, “nervous.” I was almost too frightened to ask, but I had to. She said that she was very excited at the prospect of being with me; that she had never done anything with another girl, alone.

She also said that she was afraid that she would not be very good at doing the wet stuff and she was nervous about my not liking her. Her words melted me and I snuggled into her side. I told her to stop worrying; that this was mostly new to me, as well. I said we both needed to warm up; that sitting on cold wet spots would only bring us down. Then I had an idea and I asked her to steer with her left hand and to cup her right hand under my bottom. She complied, saying that I was barely damp. I said to give me a few seconds and I'd take care of that. And she'd get a little encouragement in the bargain. I really had to push. I could feel that some pee was building in me.

After all, we had consumed at least five cups of coffee apiece and only peed once. But it took some effort. Vanessa apparently could feel it each time I pushed. She said that it really excited her to feel my pussy pressing down into her palm. She even said that, knowing what I was trying to do, made it even more exciting. Again, her words melted me. She was, lovely, free and unbelievably sexy; she was getting into my favorite turn on!

I could feel the pee tickling like a feather, just above my urethra. Just one more push and I trickled a wet spot into my levis. Vanessa reacted with surprise. “I felt something!” I said, “hang on another second…” Then I got off a squirt that filled my whole crotch with warmth. This time she actually moaned with obvious delight and her hand made moved suggestively against my bottom. “Does that help any,” I asked. She said that it made her wish her hand were inside my pants. As I undid my levis, I asked if it didn't make her need to pee, like putting a baby's hand in warm water. She glanced at me briefly and smiled.

“Sort of…” I took her free hand from under me and slipped it into my jeans. She worked her way down to my wet hairs and started immediately stroking my pussy slit. I said, almost purring, “no fair!” Vanessa replied that she really liked doing this and my wetness, pee included, really turned her on. I protested that I could not pee any more if she kept doing that. I told her that it would really turn me on to know that she had peed in her pants with me and I wanted do just a little more, to encourage her. She stopped stroking and said that she felt like she might be able to do some; but that she wanted me to hold mine until she was almost ready to go. It would help most at that moment. I eagerly agreed to hold it.

I was positively vibrating with sexual energy as I watched her going through the familiar motions of trying to pee. She'd stiffen and strain. Then, she'd relax and sigh. She squirmed and did it again. Vanessa looked over at me a moment and smiled apologetically. “I really want to do this, but it's not happening.” I told her to stop all effort and just allow it to happed. “Try pretending you are on the toilet.” It was quite a few moments, maybe five full minutes. But, finally she said she could feel it about to happen.

She gave my bottom a little squeeze and said it was time for her encouragement. It took me only a few seconds and I let out a hot squirt directly into her hand. She went, “ummm, that's nice.” Then her demeanor changed completely and I watched a smile of total satisfaction spread across her face. She moaned, paused, then moaned again. Then she said abruptly, “shit! I can hardly stop. I don't want to stop!” I wanted her to do it all. But, for the sake of her car and our budding relationship, I admonished her to control it. 

“We can have even more fun, if we save the rest until we are home.” She won the struggle, but said, “I thing I did too much. It is probably through to the seat.” I reached under the sweatshirt and felt the seat. It was still dry, but warm. I let her know that all was well, if we quit right there. She sighed in relief and sneaked another look away from the road to me.

She said, “I just peed in my pants!” I moved my hand to the space between her bottom and the sweatshirt. She was wonderfully wet and warm. I experienced another electric jolt of my sexual juices and told her that she certainly had. She said that she should be ashamed and embarrassed. I suggested, “But…?” She replied, “well…I do feel naughty as hell. But, it feel so sexy!” I smiled out at the passing scenery. Vanessa went on, “Wendy…I actually thought this would make me feel nasty, dirty, even depraved. But it doesn't! I think I feel wicked, as you suggested, last night; but I also feel incredibly sexy and turned on!

I'm really glad we met and you showed me this.” I snuggled even closer to her and reached up to kiss her on the cheek. I whispered in her ear that we would soon be at her place and that I was longing to put my face into her bottom and eat her until she came. I told her that wanted to make her orgasm over and over, again. Her hand was still pressed into my wet bottom and when she heard my words, she began stroking again. Only, this time she was concentrating directly over my clitoris. I was instantly climbing toward ecstasy.

All of the sexual tension that had been building in me was breaking loose. I knew I would come in only a moment. As I gasped and wreathed to Vanessa's motions, I told her that lesson ten would be a first for both of us and that I really wanted to skip to it as soon as we got to her house. Vanessa stepped up the pace of her movements in my pants, her fingers slipping between my pussy lips and out again. As I was starting to climax, she said to me, “Wendy, I want you to pee all over me…and I want to pee all over you. Really. I mean it. Now cum baby…cum for both of us!”
