Make It Up To Me Pt. 01
	Richard punishes his boyfriend Sean to a no-toilet day.
Author: Nowthisisunbelievable_123 (2019-05-08)

"Richie! Richie!! Hey!" Panicking, Sean raced after his boyfriend, Richard. He caught up with him and blocked his path.

"Babes! Babes-babes-babes! Listen to me. Listen to me, please!"

Richard tried to shoulder past, but, Sean grabbed his arm and held him back, making him sigh and look away. .

"See, look, I can explain. What you saw back there, it isn't what it seemed like."

"An erection is an erection, Sean. And an erection will always look like an erection." Richard was clearly disappointed, but adeptly maintained his calm.

"Fine, I admit. I had an erection. But it was just a random one. It had nothing to do with that girl. Honest!"

Not buying his alibi, Richard looked away, nodding in disapproval. "Sean, it isn't the first time I'm seeing this happen. It's happened several times before when she was around you. And I know what you feel about her."

"Disgust!" Sean shrugged. "Disgust! That's what I feel when she's around."

"Do I look like a fool to you? I know what's going on between you. I saw you kiss her that evening." His voice trembled as hurt surged and threatened to explode.

Sean opened his mouth to defend himself but had nothing. Unable to meet Richard's piercing gray eyes, he looked away with a cold sheen of sweat glistening on his face.

Richard expected another justification. Anything that told him he was wrong. But, he got nothing. His heart pounded, confirming his deep-seated fears.

Sean wrung his face and sighed. With a hand on his hip, he worked up the courage to face Richard. "Okay, now that you say it, let me tell you that the kiss meant nothing. It was just a friendly gesture."

"A friendly gesture? On the lips?" Richard simply gave him a deep, long stare, one that told him he wasn't buying it, that he already knew the truth. He was being cheated on!

"No, on her cheek."

"My eyes are pretty good, Sean. I know where you kissed her."

"On the cheek," he insisted.

"Lips! I saw it."

"It was because you saw it from that angle."

"It still doesn't justify the erection," Richard fought back.

"Told you, it was a random one!"

"Keep convincing yourself that!" Saying this, Richard turned around to leave.

Panicking, Sean restrained him.

"Leave!" He ordered.

"Okay. At least hear me out," Sean pleaded.

"I have been so far. And it's all been a bunch of lies. Now, leave!"

"Okay, I will," Sean said quietly. "At least, let me tell you the truth about the erection."

"What!!?" Richard spat back, his teeth clenched in rage.

"I... I had to pee."

"What?" Richard wasn't sure if he heard it right.

"I had to pee."

"So!!?"

"I had to pee, that's why I had an erection," he justified.

"Since when did you start getting erections when you needed to pee?" Richard questioned. He wasn't buying it. But the idea that his boyfriend had to pee, possibly that bad to cause an erection, was arousing.

"I always do, more so if I have to go that bad," Sean admitted.

Richard held his pout. He couldn't shake off the anger and hurt. "I don't believe you," he shot back.

"It's the truth," Sean confessed. "I really had to pee that evening, and I didn't want to take leave, it felt awkward leaving her alone and walking off for a piss, so... I just held it."

For a moment, they said nothing. Richard's deep breaths caught Sean's attention.

"Trust me, baby, please. It's the truth. I'll do anything to make it up to you," Sean pleaded with his charming, chocolate brown, puppy eyes.

"Anything?"

"Anything."

"Fine," Richard answered after a moment.

###

One evening, a week later, Richard and Sean were getting ready to hit a friend's party. Richard stood before the mirror and adjusted his bow tie. He looked suave in a black tuxedo.

As for his boyfriend, Sean, he was busy getting into a royal blue shirt and a pair of slim-fit charcoal gray formal pants.

Richard eyed him as he tucked in his shirt and zipped up his pants. He loved to see him in fitting clothes, especially one that hugged his crotch and accentuated the features inside. He could never get enough of Sean's strong penis. And tonight, he was determined to get more out of it.

He fixed a sparkling drink for both of them. Making sure that he wasn't being watched, Richard took out a sachet from his pocket and emptied it into Sean's glass, making the contents fizz for a moment. When it died down, he carried the glasses and handed one over to Sean. "I fixed us a drink," he said.

"Great!" Sean replied, looking grateful for it. He stepped back and stretched out his arm. "How do I look?"

"Sexy," smirked Richard, taking a moment to eye his delicious crotch. He was looking forward to test his not-so-convincing alibi from the other day. He wanted to see how erect he'd get, especially with the powerful diuretic he'd slipped into his drink.

"These pants are a little tight," Sean said and tugged at the fabric digging into his groin.

"That's okay," remarked Richard. "Makes you look extra special for the girls."

Sean laughed. "You know I have eyes only for you."

"Yeah, I know, drink up now, we're getting late."

"Right!" Without wasting anymore time, Sean took the glass and downed the contents in one gulp.

###

Half an hour later, they were on the streets, riding in the backseat of a fancy limousine. They had hired the car to be in top form before their friend's guests. It was going to be a grand party at a star hotel. So they were sure to look their best.

They were few minutes away from the hotel when Richard noticed Sean shifting. "I'll need the loo before we go in," he confessed. "It's strange, I usually don't get full this fast."

Richard looked down, chuckling quietly. He glanced at Sean's crotch, at the way the fabric of his pants were bunched up. Was he getting an erection like he'd claimed? Or is it just the fabric?

###

Few minutes later, they were in the hotel.

Sean seemed to be in a hurry. In fact, he was. His need to pee was building, making it harder to hold with every passing minute.

"Sean," Richard called out as they hurried along. "I need to tell you something."

"What?"

"You told me it's strange."

"What?"

"That your bladder filling up this fast."

"Yeah," he said quickly. He wasn't really bothered about casual talk now.

Richard paused mid-way and held Sean back. "I slipped a diuretic into your drink."

Sean just stared at him as he took a moment to realize what he was talking about. When he finally understood, his eyes bulged out in horror. "What!!? Why?"

"You promised to make it up to me."

"What? Make it up what?" Then, he remembered. "Shhhiiiittt!"

"So you'll make it up to me, right?"

"Baby..." Sean mumbled. He couldn't take this up now. Not with this kind of urgency. His bladder was filling up super fast, and waiting it out for another half an hour at the max would guarantee wet pants. He knew why Richard was doing this. To bust his alibi of his had-to-pee-erection from that evening.

"You said that you get erections when you really need to pee, right?"

"I do," he almost begged. "But can we prove that at home one day? Not here? I promise I'll hold it all day for you."

"If there's something you need to prove, tonight's the chance. That girl isn't here."

Sean sighed. The junction between his groin and lower abdomen ached as his bladder continued to fill up.

"Baby, see listen," Sean held him gently. "I know what you mean, but see, I really really have to pee now. I won't survive out there without taking this piss, trust me. And it's going to be a long day."

"Fine," Richard shrugged. "I won't stop you. Go and take your piss. But then, it's over between us."

"What?" Sean couldn't believe his ears. "No, see, you can't do this."

"I can, Sean," Richard was firm. "Hold it for me. Have me. Take your leak and forget me."

Sean didn't know what to do. "How long?"

"Till we get home."

