A true story

Author: Hamish (1998-08-13 at 12:55) #17758

It was a long time ago, more’s the pity, but you know how good the memory can be at retaining memories such as the one I’m about to recount.

I must have been about 15, and the girl next door just a little older than myself. I’ll call her May, as I’m sure - even all this time afterwards - she would not wish to be identified. Anyway, Mom and me went off to the local library, as mom was an avid reader and I was just going along since I had nothing much else to do. As we were leaving we saw May coming home. Mom had seen May’s mom go out sometime earlier, so as we passed, she told her there was no one home and suggested she join us for a walk to the library. I was happy that she agreed since I fancied her in a shy secretive sort of way. She was not all that attractive to look at; she had a rather plain looking face, but her eyes held a real sparkle that told of her bright personality and lovely nature.

May appeared reluctant to come along, and later I understood her reason. She was soon in-tow however and we joked and laughed as we walked. The library was a local branch, and although quite well stocked it lacked any ‘facilities’ for visitors or staff. It only opened in the afternoons, so I expect the staff managed to plan accordingly.

I remember getting engrossed in a book on model aircraft, so lost track of what May was up to for quite a while. Mom was quite used to taking her time in finding the right books to borrow, so we were there for some time. Eventually I lost interest in my book and went wondering off to see what books May might be reading. She was in fact looking out of the window, with a far-away look on her face. She didn't seem too pleased to see me, and this surprised me. She was not usually so withdrawn. She must have had something on her mind I thought. How right I was, but what was foremost in her mind must have been how she was going to cope with her need to use a toilet. I’m not sure if she knew before hand that the library had no toilets or whether she had wandered around looking and hoping, finally having to come to terms with the dreadful plight of really needing to go, but realising there was nowhere she could go. I must have been a most unwelcome intrusion at that time.

I remember soon losing interest in May, as she seemed lost in a world of her own. I thought I would let her sulk if that’s what she wanted, since at the time I was unaware of real reason for her mood. I was at a loss to see what in life might have caused this change of attitude.

Mom finally settled on three good novels and came across to me on the way to the counter. May caught sight of us and turned round. I saw she was crying and where she had been standing the carpet was soaked. As she turned I saw the wet streaks down her tights below her skirt that said so much about what she had gone through. In that instant I understood what had been going through the poor girls mind earlier. Her distraction was now quite understandable. I felt so sorry for her. Mom just put an arm round her, passing the books to me to check out, and indicating with a kind of a nod that male company was not helping May cope with her distress. I took off quickly. I would have loved to help May cope with her distress. I would have loved to share with her that moment, but I knew she would find my attentions horribly embarrassing, so I had to be seen to quickly withdraw.

I listened intensely to the quiet sobbing, and the comforting, caring tones of my mother as I handed over the three books. The lady clerk’s attention was also moving towards the sobbing, and almost immediately, she came from behind the counter to investigate. I remained at the counter, as the look on the clerk’s face said ‘wait there’ as clearly as if she had spoken the words. I can’t remember there being anyone else in the library at the time, so I suppose I was the only male to be kept out of the way while the clerk and my mom tried to console May. All three went quickly through a ‘staff only’ door at the side, which I understand was just a small stock room, not a toilet, nevertheless May emerged a few minutes later looking so ashamed and still very tearful. Some attempt had been made by mom and the clerk to dry May’s skirt and legs, but she was avoiding looking at me as she was whisked out the door. Mom calling to me to leave the books and come along.

We walked home with me walking a few paces behind. May and mom together in front. I longed so to tell May that I understood and not to feel ashamed, but I knew this would be hard for me to do and probably even harder for May to hear, so I just walked in silence. On reaching home, May’s mom had returned in our absence, so May quickly ran indoors, crying again as her mom saw what she had done.

Some time later, I overheard mom talking to May’s mom about what had happened and it appears May had completely soaked all her underwear in the library. Mom said May should have told her she needed a toilet, but it appears that May had been unable to find the courage to ask either my mom or the library clerk if there was a toilet she could use, and she was fairly sure there wasn’t a ladies there anyway. As if that wasn’t enough, she didn’t want me to know she was in such a desperate situation. Oh how I understood. I was just as shy about asking for a gents if there were any girls in my company.

May and I never spoke of her accident, and I don’t know to this day whether or not she understood how I felt towards her. Did she think I was a lustful insensitive brute, wishing to exacerbate her dilemma, or had she some inkling of how I wanted to absolve her of blame for what she had been forced to do, and show real understanding at her plight. I don’t know, but one thing’s for sure, I will always remember the look on her face on leaving the stock room to face the world, where her distress could be plainly seen by all.

