Wet at Bar 
True Report: Source: Forum (DeskFish)
From: Whizzer /Forum User/  (1996-06-14 14:56:16 JST) T#400

This is a true report of an incident with my girlfriend.  She has  written a report of her first wetting experience which I will   post in a couple days.  Note: these posts were not motivated, in   any way, by Jimbo's pitiful, whinny, plea for more masturbation  material. 

Two weeks ago, I took my girlfriend to a bar.  She was wearing a  mid-thigh length skirt with white panties.  They had dollar draft  specials which were served in 24oz cups.  Usually I tell her she  has to drink 3 bottles of beer before we can go home and she has   to wait until we get home to pee.  Before we left, she complained  that 3 beers were to much.  She never makes it home when she   drinks 3, which for me is the whole point.  I yielded and we  agreed on 2.5 for her and 1.5 for me. 

When we got there, we both decided to buy drafts because they were  cheaper and, to my delight, bigger.  She was not happy.  She swore that she would never do this again, which she always  did.  I thought it was worth the risk because I knew she would  not make it out of the bar.  First drink.  No problem.  When I asked her if she needed to pee,  she said no like she wasn't worried about anything.  I sat back  and waited for the inevitable. 

Second drink.  Minor problems.  Half way through she announced  that she needed to pee.  At this point she's probably at about  60% of capacity.  Minor squirming commenced.  She shifted around  in her seat a bit.  Once in a while she did the a 1 legged Butter-  fly maneuver. (The Butterfly is when you open your legs wider   than normal, then close them, touching your knees, then open  again.) 

By the end of the second beer, major squirming had commenced.  One of the things she does is move her ass as far forward on the  chair as it will go, then as far back as she can.  Her skin,   panties, and skirt don't move, they just give out slack, then  pull tightly against her pussy.  Normally it's obvious that   a girl needs to pee if she's doing this, but in a bar with  music, it looks like she's dancing in her seat. 

She told me she couldn't finish the last half of my beer.  I told  her she had to and then we could go.  She sat there for a while,  not wanting to drink more because she would have to pee more.  I  told her the faster she drank it, the sooner we could leave.  She  had been pressing her thighs tight through this period.  She also  rocked back an forth from time to time. 

As she was finishing or half, I noticed she started sticking her  ass out and arching her back.  This is usually the last resort  in public since normally girls don't grab themselves in public.  She was done, so I asked her if she wanted to leave.  For her,  the need to pee comes in waves of urgency.  She said she wanted  to wait a couple minutes until the intense need subsided slightly.  I told her I thought it would only get worse, but she said she  couldn't stand up at the moment or it would come out.  I told her  she better pull her skirt out from under her ass.  It was a loose  skirt, so she did.  It hung down over the stool in the back.  After adjusting her skirt, she told me her pussy muscles were  twitching hard and fast, but there was nothing she could do to  stop it. 

All of the sudden, she thrust her fist into her crotch and closed  her eyes.  I asked her what was wrong.  She said she squirted.  Her cotton panties absorbed most of the liquid, leaving only a  small puddle on the stool, about the size of half dollar.  I  asked if it was better now and she said no. 

Less than two minutes later, a look of extreme discomfort spread  over her face.  She arched her back and put her head in her hands  and her hands on the table.  I looked under the stool, and saw  a small water fall forming a rather large puddle on the floor.  Her yellow water was cascading down the legs of the bar stool,  while her own slender legs supported alternating streams of their  own. 

I rubbed her back and told her it was OK. She peed for about 5   seconds.  I was getting worried someone would notice so I told  her to stop.  She frantically moved her ass in a circular motion  in an attempt to cut off her stream.  Her skirt was soaked, but  it was hard to notice.  Before we left, she asked me to   discretely wring out her skirt so no one would see drops of pee  fall to the floor as she left. 

The ride home was almost as interesting as the bar, but I'll have  to leave the rest of this for part 2. 

Whizzer   

