Never Long Enough

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-22)

As a professional business woman, I view bathroom breaks as totally unnecessary wastes of time during everyday life. I do not take them for as long as I can on principle. I believe that the job of my bladder is to hold in my pent-up urine at all times and never release it. Eventually my bladder always ends up failing in this task, but I have been able to greatly lengthen the time it takes for this weakness to overcome me. My ultimate goal is to completely free myself from having to give in to the urge to take a piss and empty my bladder, which should instead always hold in my bursting pee.

I awoke one morning and used the toilet at 7:00 am, but I vowed that this would be the last time that I let myself do that…ever. From that point on I was determined to hold my piss inside of me for the rest of my life. Of course, I made this promise to myself often, but I meant it every time. After getting dressed I went downstairs and made myself some breakfast, with a tall glass of orange juice, about 300 ml, and a mug of coffee, 250 ml. I collected my things to leave for the office, but as I got to the door I became thirsty again, so I poured myself another 250 ml of coffee and gulped it down.

The drive to my office was about 40 minutes, and by the time I got there it was 9:00 am, and I still felt my bladder to be empty. I sat down at my desk and began to work, and kept working until I got thirsty at 10:30. As I got up, I noticed the slightest twinge in my bladder, clearly from the coffee I had had earlier. I took a 500 ml bottle of water from the company fridge and began sipping it once I got back to my desk. It was gone fairly quickly.

At 12:30 pm I took my lunch break. Standing up again, I realized that my bladder was a bit fuller from the extra bottle of water. Still, it presented me with absolutely no trouble and I would not have used the bathroom at that point even if I were not trying to hold it. I went to Wendy’s for lunch with some colleagues, and had a large lemonade, about 1000 ml, with my burger and salad. The women that I was with had ordered smaller drinks, and all of them left to avail themselves to the facilities after the meal. When the came back and saw that I still had not gone, despite drinking much more than they had, they joked a little bit about how I must have an iron bladder or I’d be pissing myself within an hour. I just smiled as the lemonade began to bloat out my cavernous bladder.

When I returned to my desk after 1:30, I smiled. My bladder had crossed the 6 hour mark with no trouble and its dimensions had been recognized by my fellow workers. All in all it was a good first half of my day. In the afternoon I had another 500 mls of water, and by the time I left work at 5:00 pm, my abdomen was beginning to swell outwards some. I could definitely feel an urge to pee, as 10 hours of pee was contained in my body, but it was still fairly easy to leave work without a trip to the lavatories. I also got a few surprised glances from the other women, who I’m sure were shocked that I still had not visited the bathroom after that lemonade at lunch. I laughed to myself and left.

Traffic slowed down the roads for my trip home, and I got a dry throat from swearing at the cars surrounding me. Thus, once I pulled off of the highway, I made my way to a convenience store and purchased 400 ml of fruit punch. I had chugged it before I even made it back to my car. Then I drove home and entered my house. Soon after, around 6:20 pm, the fruit punch hit my bladder and caused me to cross my legs for a few seconds to maintain control. All the liquids I had consumed were starting to have a big effect on my filling bladder. But I vowed to continue going about my day normally.

7:00 pm. I had drunk 3200 ml worth of liquids, much of which was currently residing in my stretched lower abdomen, which was beginning to ache with the need to release 12 hours worth of pee. However, I was hungry, and put on my jacket and drove to Hoss’s for dinner. I was seated at a table and crossed my legs discreetly to help me hold in my pee. I ordered my steak and ate it with a medium Coke, about 600 ml. Afterwards I couldn’t resist trying a glass of their new wine, so I had a 200 ml glass of red wine. When I got up to leave my bladder sloshed within me, unhappy about the extra volume that it was now containing. I squeezed hard and walked out the door.

I returned home and immediately went to shower, so that I could do that before the pain in my bladder got much worse. All that water made me want to pee awfully, but I held myself shut. When I finished the shower and walked out of my bathroom without a toilet visit, it was past 9:00 pm. I squirmed on the couch for an hour while watching TV and then went to bed, where I managed to fall asleep despite the over 15 hours of boiling piss that was desperate to escape its prison.

I woke up the next morning at 6:00 am and was very happy. Though my bladder had become nearly gargantuan in its size during the night, it had calmed down and I was able to hold in my liters of pee rather easily. My bladder often goes in cycles like this, and I know that if I can only keep holding on, eventually the waves will dissipate for a while. I went into my bathroom and was even able to keep my legs fully apart when I applied my makeup and got myself ready for the day. I had to make myself look extra-pretty today because I was going on a business trip to meet with executives from other companies. As I left the bathroom with my giant bladder still containing its load, I reminded it sternly that it was to be on its best behavior, since I was meeting with very important people.

I dressed to impress, packed my overnight suitcase, and left my house with 24 hours since my last visit to the powder room. That fact alone got my pussy dripping. I arrived at the airport around 7:30 am and checked my baggage, standing a bit rigidly the whole time. Then I found a nice little coffee shop and had a grande espresso, 700 ml, along with a few pastries. I knew the espresso would give my bladder a kick soon, but since I was not planning on ever peeing again, I was not worried. I would simply have to hold it. Around 8:30 am I made my way to my gate and sat down in the terminal.

I boarded the plane at 9:00 am, and as soon as I was comfortably seated, the espresso entered my bladder with a vengeance. My big full bladder began pulsing to try and get rid of this new diuretic, and I had to shake and cross my legs to keep dry. I was sweating trying to keep it all in, the long-held flood suddenly desperate for release. A hand even went to grip my crotch for a few seconds during the worst of the waves, and the passenger next to me noticed and asked if I would like him to let me out to go use the airplane bathroom.

I couldn’t believe it! I had shown weakness, an inability to control my most basic bodily function, in front of a man! Oh, my bladder would get a lesson for this! How dare it humiliate me like this! Women are not supposed to have needs like this, especially me. I squeezed my sphincter shut with everything I had, removed my hand from my groin, and replied to him that my bladder was just a nuisance that could be ignored, so there was no need to worry. He looked a bit taken aback by my response, but said nothing more.

Soon we were in the air and my bladder learned to deal with its new pressure and calmed down once again. It was bulging out almost obscenely by now, and the 500 ml of drinks (and refills) that I had only served to add slightly to that bulge. The flight touched down at 12:00 noon, and when I got off the flight I had to be careful not to squash my inflated bladder against anything. It was sticking out a lot to make this difficult. I was having to use a bit more muscle control to hold everything, but I managed to only fidget a little, bending my knees occasionally, as I collected my luggage and entered the main lobby.

Once there I quickly found my name on a sign and shook hands with its owner. He was the chauffer of the most powerful of the executives that I was meeting with, and he led me to a limo, where I entered into the spacious back compartment with all of the other execs already there. As they shook hands with me, I felt a sense of power, as I had more than 29 hours of held pee inhabiting my capacious organ, and I was sure that none of these men had ever lasted half that long.

We went to a sushi place in the center of the city to go over the preliminaries of the deal. We were seated at a table and received salads and cups of tea, 150 ml, while we decided on our sushi. I still remembered my weakness in front of the airplane passenger earlier, and was thinking of punishments for my bladder when I began absentmindedly sipping my tea. Suddenly I heard Mr. Phillips, the wealthiest exec, comment that he hoped he didn’t have to make too many stops and starts during the meeting so that the lady could use the facilities. I paused for a second, then looked up and scoffed at the idea, telling him that I was one lady who could hold her tea. I thought I saw his eyes twinkle for a second, but then it was gone and we continued our discussion.

Soon I was done with my cup of tea and the next time the waitress came around, she noticed this and gave me another. Mr. Phillips stopped her discreetly and whispered something to her, and I was able to catch the phrase “…keep giving her more…” I chuckled. He really thought he was going to be able to defeat my bladder with a few cups of tea. The fact that I had not urinated for over 30 hours did not matter. I was not going to let this chump prove his superiority over me.

Over the course of the two hour meeting, it felt to me like there was always a full cup of tea in front of me, and I always made sure to make direct eye contact with Mr. Phillips each time I drank it down. I ended up drinking 10 cups of tea during that time, or 1500 ml total, but not once did I excuse myself for the restroom, even when some of the men did just that. Finally we adjourned the meeting and left the place, and I walked out into the blustery city with my super-filled bladder busting at the seams. I nearly looked pregnant as I went through the shops, and my fidgeting became constant and pronounced as the afternoon progressed.

By 6:00 pm I was hungry again and walked to a cafe for dinner. My throbbing, stretched bladder positively ached at the sight of the 800 ml of Coke I had purchased to put into it. Into my bladder it went, though, without any second thoughts from myself. In my mind, it was never coming out. And for over 35 hours that was precisely what had happened. Why should my bladder not be able to hold out for another 35 hours, just as it has this first 35, I asked myself. I was playing a urine-accumulating game with myself and saw no reason why I should lose at any time. My bladder voiced its disagreement, but I silenced it. I had said it would hold my waste, and so it would. That was the end of it.

When I got to my hotel to check in for the night, around 7:30 pm, my bladder was giving me problems again. It had begun spasming 10 minutes from the hotel, and continued to do so as I got my room key from the clerk. I had to cross my legs and nearly squat to keep in all my nasty fluids, but keep them in I did. Still, I was furious with my bladder for trying to embarrass me once again. When I entered my room I paced back and forth, partially from anger and partially to control my quivering sphincter, and eventually came up with an adequate punishment.

I entered the elevator and took it down to the first floor of the hotel. Then I made my way to the bar and ordered a pint of beer, 500 ml, the cheap kind which would run right through anybody’s system, especially that of a girl that hadn’t seen release for as long as me. I drank it down while my bladder screamed at me to stop before it exploded, but I simply told it that it deserved this for acting up earlier. That first pint was followed by a second, since my bladder had failed me two times, and I had to cross my legs again at this point as the pressure was otherwise unbearable. I was about to leave when I had an evil idea. I ordered one more pint, chugged it down as fast as I could, and went back to my room.

I relaxed in my room as much as I could with my bladder in its current state. I commanded that it calm itself, but it was slow to listen to its master. It was busy trying to convince me of its own needs, such as the necessary human need to empty one’s bladder regularly. Eventually, exhausted as I was from my long day, I was able to fall into a shallow sleep around 10:30 pm. As I slept the liters of pent-up urine swirled around inside me, trying to find an exit after nearly 40 hours of entrapment.

My bladder woke me up at 5:00 am. The beer had taken effect and it appeared as though I had a basketball in my abdomen. My skin was stretched around my bladder and the pressure of the pee, desperate to exit this sanctuary of control, was greater than ever. I knocked my knees together and ground my thighs into one another, gritting my teeth as the waves of bladder pressure started ripping through my body. But I was not about to lose this load. I pressed my hands between my legs and grimly held on, sweating but keeping the piss in check. Gingerly I got out of bed and got dressed. I had room service bring me breakfast, which included 200 ml of coffee and 500 ml of orange juice.

I packed my bags and left my room. All the while it seemed to me that my bladder was like a ticking time bomb. Every second I spent away from a toilet was one second closer to it exploding with piss. I tried to force this notion from my mind and remind myself that my bladder, my perfect pee holding storage tank, would not be exploding ever, but the unbelievable pressure between my legs, which kept my thighs pressed tightly together at all times, seemed to disagree with me.

I hailed a cab to the airport, arrived, stamped my feet with desperation, and made my way into the building. Keeping my composure was becoming increasingly difficult. My flight was early so I quickly boarded and was in the air by 8:00 am. My bladder had caused me to rush so much that I had forgotten to be happy when the 48 hour mark was crossed. My bladder’s size was completely grotesque now, and I got 300 ml of ginger ale for it to punish it for distracting me from the 48 hour mark. When the flight landed at 11:00 am, my desperation was becoming acute. I was gripping the sides of my slacks for all I was worth and tears were in my eyes from the muscle control I was utilizing to keep my ocean in my body.

I bolted out of the plane once it touched down, lest anyone see a pee dance from a bladder queen. That would be totally unbecoming! When I reached the terminal I walked as quickly as I could to the baggage claim. All the hot pee was writhing around in my aching, ballooning bladder and I felt like it could release itself at any moment. I was supremely focused with holding it back and getting out of the public eye until I could calm it down again. Collecting my suitcase, I half-ran, half-hobbled to the airport parking lot, where I found my car, jumped in, and frantically pushed between my legs.

My bladder had no intention of becoming totally comfortable at the moment, but I was able to fight the urge down to a heavy sting so that I could drive home. The urge increased as I drove, and by the time I got inside my own home once again my hands had to dive right to my vagina to fight the overwhelming urge to let go of everything I had held so bravely for so long.

It was 12:00 pm. 53 hours into my hold, with 10000 ml of drinks consumed. Ever since I got home I had been a desperate mess, fidgeting madly with both hands between my legs, combating the signals of my overfilled and about to be overflowing urine holding bladder, trying to one up Mother Nature herself. I was seemingly at the end of my tether. My bladder was filled up to its absolute max and refused to be quieted, and my muscles were tiring from the constant strain needed to keep my flow in check.

I cursed my sobbing bladder for being on the verge of popping. Not even three days before you give in, pathetic!! I was ashamed of my utter fallibility as I bent over double, determined to go down fighting. My bladder’s massive size told me that it required immediate emptying, and my exhausted sphincter muscle was soon going to be unable to prevent the relief from occurring. I thought back to all my years of bladder training and tried desperately, frantically, to muster up some sort of resistance to the high-pressured explosion that was about to take place.

I seemed within merely a few seconds of losing all of my pent-up load when suddenly my amazing self-control kicked back in. My bladder settled, if only slightly, and I was able to make some lunch and regain some composure. I had visions of holding back the massive lake for another day at least, and jovially drank two 500 ml cups of mango juice. That proved to be my undoing.

My bladder had been right on the edge. It was enormous, filled to its brim with pounding, hurting pee, when suddenly an extra liter came flowing on in to it. It could hold no more. The critical overload stage had been reached. I felt it at 1:00 pm. It was a rumbling deep in my bladder that grew and grew in intensity. My legs shook violently, trying to keep back all my piss. Sweat poured from me as I tried to fight the tidal waves crashing into my sphincter. I, a grown woman with total control over her monstrous bladder, was about to let liters of pee fly into her business slacks. It couldn’t happen. I knew I had only seconds to act. I had tried to stem the tide but it was hopeless. The pressure in my bladder had reached unforeseen levels of urgency, and my long-held pee could be kept back no more.

I raced up the stairs, hoping desperately to reach my haven before the dam broke and the bomb inside of me went off. I threw open the bathroom door and tore off my slacks and pink panties. Seconds, that was all I had left. I could feel the urine forcing itself past my overworked sphincter that was now giving out after 54 hours. My bladder pleaded for release of its incredible load, and this time it would be had. As soon as I sat on the toilet seat, piss spewed out of my vagina with unbelievable force. I sat on the toilet as a woman would, hissing out liters, maybe even a gallon of steaming pee into my white bowl. As I sat and pissed the afternoon away, I was able to be happy that I had resisted this calling for so long, that I had let it build and build and build to this. But deep down in my heart, I wanted to hold it longer.

###

COMMENTS5

Quidditchgirl - Mar 10, 2021

I've been holding since this morning and I am now determined!

pan5059 - Feb 9, 2015

i agree with crystalray64, a sequel to this would be absolutely amazing! maybe a few years later and she's going on a trip for much longer, and plans to hold the entire time? all of your writing is incredible, btw!

CrystalRay64 - Jan 30, 2015

Not only is this wonderfully written, the concept is one of the sexiest (if not THE sexiest) I've EVER READ!

This is my favourite story from you and possibly my favorite pee desperation story ever, period. A sequel one day, maybe where she can now hold it for a hell of a lot longer, would make me so happy!

Rexone312 - Oct 12, 2014

please write a sequel! I BEG!

elis89a - Jun 5, 2014

This is the best story in absolute!! write one similar to this, please :D

