Deepa's College Life Ch. 00
	Prologue: Deepika has an unforgettable birthday.
Author: sin138

All of the characters in the story are either 18 years old, or above.

###

It was June 1st, and Deepika was very excited to celebrate her birthday. To make it better, it is just a few weeks, before her graduation. Her mother will be on a business trip for the weekend, making it the perfect opportunity go crazy. They were all going to stay in Johnson's older brother's apartment near the Colorado campus, where she was going to party with just her and the guys. She is the last one, in the group, to turn 18. As Deepika is getting ready, one of her friends, Danny, was parking outside the house.

Danny phoned Deepika, "Yo Deep! I'm outside with the car!"

"Coming down, Danny," she replied.

Danny see's her coming out of the house, wearing a tight nirvana t-shirt, shorts stopping just mid-thigh, and pink sneakers. Deepika hops in and they drive.

"Happy Birthday Deep," Danny wished. "You ready to get hammered?"

"Fuck yeah! " She exclaimed with excitement.

"Where are going?"

"Johnson's brother's apartment in campus," he replied. "His name if Jeff. His roommate's name is Adam. I hope you don't mind them being there Deep."

"Why would I mind? It's not like they want me to suck their dicks," she laughed. "Besides, I got you, Johnny and Andy to watch me.

"Yeah, true," he laughed a bit nervously. What Deepika did not know was they all wanted to fuck her brains out since they met her. Deepika was the only person who talks to them. All the other girls felt these guys were creepy. Even though she was nice to them, all they could think about was how she looked in her birthday suit. They never advanced on her, not because they respected her friendship, but they figured she would say no. No self-respecting girl would even strip for them, so they think.

They enter the apartment, where everybody greeted and hugged her. Jeff managed to feel her butt amidst the group hug. Everybody was drinking, dancing, and overall having a good time. Jeff and Adam go to Adam's room to get the birthday surprise.

"Fuck man, that body looks tight huh."

"I know Andy. Her body ain't the best part. It's not the outside that matters, but the inside."

"Da fuck you talking about?"

"Her body looks tight as fuck, but man is she stupid," Jeff laughed while grabbing a bag weed. "One time during Johnny's birthday, I told her it was a pool party in our house and the dress code is just swimwear. She came in just a bikini. Everyone were like wtf."

"What's wrong with that?" Adam asked while crushing.

"That idiot has been to our house many times before," he laughed. "How can you have a pool party if the house has no pool?"

Andy laughed at Jeff's plan. "But bro, you sure these guys are cool with you doing this?"

"Are you fucking kidding me? Jonny has been fapping off to her pics god knows when. He and his idiots want this to go through too." After Andy finishes crushing the buds, Jeff leaves the room to grab everyone.

"Guys this has been fun! I wanna thank you guys!" Deepika exclaimed, hammered.

"Oh the fun is just beginning," Jeff replied, grabbing a dick shaped bong. "Happy Birthday, Deep. Would you like to take the first hit?"

"Is that... Marijuana?" she asked with excitement. She always wanted try it out, since the guys told her about it.

"What else would it be?" Jeff mockingly asked.

"I don't know guys, what about the smell?" She asked, doubtfully.

"That is true. It will stick for hours on the clothes," Andy confirmed. "Of course if you had no clothes then where can the smell stick to?"

The others tried stifling their laughter.

"Are you craaaazy?" Deepika exclaimed. "I can't be naked in front of you guys!"

"We have all seen women naked before, Deep." Jeff explained. "Besides except Andy we know how you look in a bikini. That's just close to naked any way."

"Hmmm, I guess that's true," she agreed.

On the one hand, Deepika is not sure of being fully nude in a room filled with just guys. However she also wanted to try out the kush so badly. She also felt a tingly sensation at the idea. Maybe she was just drunk, or deep down she wanted to do it. She just yanks the shirt off. However she has some difficulty removing her jeans.

"Can I help?" Danny offered.

"I guess I had a bit too much," she laughed.

"Please do."

Everybody cheered on when he unbutton and unzipped the jeans. With the opportunity, he slipped his hands underneath the jeans to feel her wet stained panties. Deepika pushed her pushed her groin against his hands, and started gyrating.

"Yo, quit stalling!" Andy yelled. "The sooner you take it off, the sooner we can get high!"

Danny pulled the jeans down to the ankles.

"Hey guys. What about the shoes?" He asked.

"Just remove them to get the jeans off and put them back on," Jeff replied.

"But won't it smell?" Deepika questioned.

"Don't worry baby, weed doesn't stink up the shoes," Adam lied.

Everyone seemed satisfied with the answer, hence Danny did accordingly.

"Jonny put the clothes in my room," Jeff commanded.

"Why should I?" Johnny questioned, seemingly annoyed.

"Because you have the key to my room and I am telling you to," Jeff answered back.

Johnny begrudgingly followed his older brother's orders.

Andy asked, "Hey should she remove her undies too? I mean won't that stink too?"

"If you want, then go for it," Jeff replied.

"I think Danny's a bit distracted."

Danny couldn't believe his eyes. Not only did he just strip his hot friend down to just her white bra and pink panties, but he got rub her pussy. It is rather visible that Deepika enjoyed that moment, on her crotch stain. This got him so hard he's trying not to grab his crotch.

"Deep can u sit on my lap so I could remove that bra?" Andy asked.

Deepika went to the computer chair and sat down on Andy's lap. He is trying hard not a get the boner from this. He fiddled around with the clips until he finally snapped it off. Jeff and Adam pulled Deepika off the disappointed Andy, claiming it is their turn. They placed each hand underneath both sides of the panties and pulled it down, leaving her in just her shoes.

Johnny soons throws the underwear in the other room, and Deepika is given the bong.

She wraps her mouth over the long piece and starts sucking while Jeff lights the stuff. Everyone else is singing happy birthday. She is sitting cross legged on the bed gyrating against the big bong between her legs. At first she coughs a bit.

"Haha, sorry Deep. This doesn't count," Adam laughs, as he refills the bong.

This time she takes one big breath and blows a thick smoke. Her entire body intensifies. Everything feels slow, and whatever sensation she had now has increased to the max. Jeff notices her hand wandering towards her pussy, and pushes her hand to make contact. While everyone else are taking hits, she is rubbing herself out. Adam starts squeezing her c-cups tits, and gently her nipples. She lets out a moan. He pulls out her dick, and only then she pushes him away.

"Sorry, but I'm not that kind of girl," she

drunkenly says.

"Aww come on babe. My dick is so hard right now I need to release myself."

"I'm just not up for it sorry," Deepika says with commitment.

"Shhiiit," Adam sighed. "Yo prick get off that chair"

As soon Andy got off, Adam pushes Deepika on to the chair. He then ties the drunk, and stoned Deepika's hand behind the chair.

"Noooo! I need to get off!" she cries.

"Fat chance slut. If we can't fuck your holes, then you can't orgasm."

"Please," she cried. "I'll do anything else. It's not easy to climax with just rubbing your legs. Guys help!"

Everyone else however was just watching. All of them wanted to nut, but are avoiding climaxing just to see if she'll do it. Everyone were taking hits, and at times groping the helpless girl in her birthday suit. Whenever she was close to climaxing, the college boys would stop the guys from pleasuring her, giving her a sense of dissatisfaction each time. She tries to rub her to no avail. Deepika has been squirming so much that she accidently toppled the bong, spilling the dirty water.

"The fuck you stupid bitch, how am I gonna clean this up now?" Adam was getting pissed.

"All of the towels are in laundry, and I ain't using the ones in the bathroom"

"Easy man," Jeff interjected. "You said you'll do anything besides blowing us or fucking us right?"

She nodded. Her eyes show desperation.

"Alright." Jeff explains, "If we use your shirt and pants to wipe the spill, we'll let you orgasm."

"OK, fine!" she cried desperately. "Just untie me please!"

"Oh if you want to be untied, then at least you should rub our dicks," Adam adds. Everyone nods in agreement.

"Why??"

"We are gonna help you climax," he replied.

"It's only fair you do the same. You don't have to use your mouth, pussy or asshole, but anything else is fair game."

"K, fine," She answered feeling dejected, but her horniness was too much.

As soon she was released, Johnny started to stroke her pussy. Adam shoved his dick to her hands, and she was stroking it. Jeff did the same for the other hand. As Johnny's finger keeps going faster, Deepika is jerks the guys faster. Stroking and stroking them, until they finally release the juices on to the floor. Before Johnny could finish her off however, Jeff grabs Deepika off the chair.

"Why?? You promised!" She cries, as she is on edge, and wants to explode.

"That spill is still not clean," Jeff explained, while tying her hands behind her.

"You are gonna go pick them up. Here's the key"

"You expect me to open the door like this?"

"Can't trust you getting yourself off," he laughed. "I'll come along. Gotta make sure you stay on edge."

Deepika walks to the door, turns around, and turns the doorknob. Everybody laughs as she struggles. When she finally opens the door, she and Jeff leave the room. They reach the door.

"Can I have the keys?" She asks.

"Sure if you rub yourself on the knob first, then you can get the key," Jeff answers.

On her tip toes, she reaches for the knob with her labia, and starts riding it. Yearning to finally cum, she keeps rubbing over the knob. What she did not know was that Jeff was recording the whole thing on his phone. It did not matter however, for she's nearly there. She is going to climax. Almost there.

Just. A. Few. More. Thrusts....

Sensing she's about to orgasm, Jeff interrupts,

"Move away from the knob. You earned the key."

'Fuuuck,' she thought. 'I was almost there.'

"Key's on the ground," he snickers. "All you gotta do is pick it"

Laughing at the site, here is a nude Indian teen bending down to pick up a key behind her. Meanwhile in an attempt to cum, she tries to rub her crotch using a pile of clothes on the floor. It doesn't work. She finally gets the key, and tries to unlock the door. The door felt slippery from the pussy juice on the knob, making it difficult to open. As soon as she got the door open, she grabbed the clothes and took it with her to Adam's room. Jeff said he was going to pass out, and wished her again.

As soon as she enters the room, the guys untied her arms allowing her to clean the jizz stains with her shirt. All the guys kept groping her body throughout the time, making her squirm with every touch. She then used the shirt to soak up as much bong water as possible. When it was soaked she switched to her jeans. Adam was recording it on his phone with everyone's hands on Deepika.

She felt the hands squeeze her boobs, and going up the legs to her clit. Each one took turns stroking her slit, and has her clean their fingers with her mouth. She knows this is wrong, but all she craves is that sweet release, even if it meant her clothes smelling like jizz and bong water. All she wanted was that orgasm.

She finally got her wish with Andy. She let out a large moan this also got the other guys excited, and decided to cum. Andy jazzed in her panties to avoid it touching the floor. Johnny and Danny used each side of the bras to soak up theirs.

"Gooood," Deepika gasped. "That was the best party yet." She just wanted to collapse and sleep.

Adam allowed her to sleep in the bed with him, but kicked everyone else out. She fell asleep to an unforgettable birthday party.

She woke up, with a foggy memory. She dressed into her underwear, realizing how sticky they felt. She also noticed her clothes stink of bong water, and hesitant to put them back on. Luckily Jeff was awake and his shirt. It was big enough to cover her underwear, but only just. The shirt fell 4 cm below her labia. He then took dropped her off at her home.

"Enjoyed the night?" he asks.

"I think so, Tho I don't remember much," she admits.

"Well I can say everyone else loved it," he says with a smile. "Hope to see you again you party animal"

"We'll see," she laughed. 1 hour later and her mom came back, none the wiser. While in her room, she kept thinking about that night and how she would never forget.

That got Monday morning at school. Deepika felt everyone's eyes were on her. The girls with the look of disgust, and the guys with lust. Several people were talking about her, and she wasn't sure why. That is, until she got called to the principal's office, where he showed her some pictures that made her froze in horror.

All the pictures were from last night. When she was getting undressed, getting groped, and even her giving hand jobs to 2 people, whose faces were cropped. There was also the video of her grinding on the doorknob, the laundry pile, and the chair she was tied up to. In every picture, her face was fully recognizable. Andy's, Johnny's and Danny's faces were all visible too. However Adam and Jeff's faces were not. It only incriminated the ones from highschool.

The principal explained that he called her mother to figure out what to do. Needless to say Deepika was never allowed to leave the house until graduation. The 3 boys got expelled from school, since the mother agreed they can just say they roofied her poor daughter, thus ending their friendship. This devastated Deepika, feeling it was those college dicks who should take the fall. Unfortunately the pictures say a lot more than her words.

Her mother decided it was best to enroll her in MBBS in India. Deepika hated the idea, but she couldn't show her face to anyone. Her mother pointed out that this could be a chance to start a fresh, and maybe things can get better afterwards. Deepika hopes so. Why she may not be looking forward to going to India, she is lookin forward to putting her past behind her. Just a few more months and she can be a new person.

