Health Class Project

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Health class. One of the most boring high school classes to have ever existed. And today our teacher, Mr. Dumars, decided that we were going to do projects about the different body systems. At least I got paired up with Jean, a cute, slim girl with jet black hair, a great personality, and boobs twice the size of what would look appropriate on her otherwise slim form. We got stuck with the last pick for which body system we wanted, and ended up with the ever-popular urinary system. As someone who gets off on pee play and bladder play, I was secretly happy about that development, but I never thought it would lead to what it did.

“So what do you think we should do for our project?” I asked Jean once we had our topic. Her eyes lit up. “Let’s measure bladder capacities to compare men vs women!” My heart started pounding quicker as I asked her, “But Jean, who will possibly let us measure that?” She smiled. “Well it’d have to be us of course!” My heart nearly got caught in my throat as I nodded my agreement to the idea. “Alright, so don’t pee in school, come to my place after, and we’ll measure our capacities!” Jean said. “But Jean, it’s first period, can you really hold that long?” I asked her. She smiled again. “Oh don’t worry about me. I don’t go to the bathroom here anyway. I’ve got a huge bladder! I even skipped going this morning.” I nearly fainted as we walked out of class.

I showed up at her place at 3 pm, just after school. Even with my morning pee, I was busting by the time I got there. It wasn’t often I held my pee for so long, and my bladder was decidedly below average. Jean opened her front door to let me in, dressed in a tank top and spandex pants, and in her hand was a water bottle that had to contain 2 liters! It was gigantic. And it was half-empty. “C’mon in! I decided to get a head start without you. You want some water to fill up?” She asked as I gingerly made my way inside.

“More water?? I think I’m full enough now!” I told her, clutching myself to hang on. She giggled, nodded, and returned with a pitcher for me to pee in. I started to take it into the bathroom with me when she stopped me. “Nope, you have to do it in front of me, we have to make sure it’s accurate!” I hoped I could pee through my rock-hard penis as I slid off my pants and boxers. “Oh damn….” She said, seeing all 9 inches of me spring to attention, “well that certainly makes up for the small bladder.” I could only smile, red-faced, as I began to empty my full bladder into the pitcher. After a 30 second pee, long by my standards, my bladder was done and 450 ml was sitting in the pitcher.

“Oh, wow, that wouldn’t even make a dent in my bladder!” Jean pointed out. She kept drinking from her huge water bottle until finally it was empty. I asked her if she wanted to pee now. “Naw, come on, let me get full and give you something impressive,” she said, leaving and returning from the kitchen with a six-pack of bottled soda. Jean unscrewed the cap from the first bottle and began to drink. “Gosh, Jean, how much have you drunk today?? I could never hold so much!” I exclaimed.

“Good question! Let’s see…two cups of coffee with breakfast, three water bottles throughout the day at school, and an iced tea for lunch…oh, and that big bottle of water, plus this soda! And my last pee was before bed last night, at 11.” Jean replied, smirking. “That’s over 16 hours without a pee! You must be bursting!” I told her. “Eh, it’s nothing serious,” she told me, lifting her tank top to show a bulge in her bladder. She saw me staring in disbelief and said, “Come on, let’s play some video games or something while I fill up!”

We ended up in a Call of Duty marathon. Jean was very good and would beat me in every game. She also kept at her soda. One bottle down, then two, then three. Around 6 pm I noticed that Jean was beginning to get fidgety, and soon after her concentration wavered as I began to beat her time after time. She was reaching her limit! By 6:30 Jean was shifting positions regularly and her bladder bulge was huge. Still, she carried on, finishing a fourth soda. “Oh man I’m gonna bust soon!” Jean told me as she put down that bottle of soda. “Look how full I am!” she exclaimed, pulling off her spandex pants to give me a better view of her bladder. It was bulging obscenely. She patted it and said, “It’s hard as a rock!” That wasn’t the only thing hard as a rock at that moment, I can assure you. “Ready to measure?” I asked her. “Ehhh, let’s wait a little bit longer. I wanna be reaaally full!” Jean said, and I was in no position to argue.

Jean’s self-control amazed me, as she continued to sit and play, even though now she needed to squeeze herself from time to time and rock back and forth to keep her bladder under control. The clock hit 7 pm, 20 hours without a pee break for Jean’s giant bladder, and she got up and declared that she finally needed some relief. Jean stripped off her thong, put the container under her, and hissed away into it, relief filling her face. “Oooooh yeah that feels good!” she moaned, her bladder getting rid of its long-held contents. She peed and peed a hard stream for 2 minutes, and then she was empty. I couldn’t believe my eyes when I looked at the result. Jean’s bladder had held exactly 2.5 liters! “That’s over five times what I held!” I said in shock. Jean just laughed a little. “I told you I had a huge bladder.” She said.

We wrote up our report in no time flat, stating conclusively that females had larger bladders than males. The report was a little short, but Jean and my enthusiasm for writing it did more than make up for that content-wise. Still, we had to give a presentation, and I knew that if we just stood up there and read our report, we’d put the entire class to sleep. Clearly Jean was thinking the same thing, because no sooner had I finished thinking of this than she asked, “Hey…so now that the report’s done, what are we gonna do for our presentation? I mean we can’t exactly pee in class.”

I thought hard for a minute, and then it came to me. “Well,” I began slowly, “you’re totally confident in your bladder control, right?” Jean confidently nodded in the affirmative. “If you want to, we could go for some shock value.” I suggested. “What’s your plan, smart guy?” she asked with a smirk. “Ok, how bout this? We get up there and read our paper, and let’s say you wear a baggy shirt and some sweat pants or something. Then, right as we’re about to finish up, you lift up your shirt a little, pull down your pants a little, and reveal to the class your giant bladder, full and bursting, for them to marvel at. That twist alone should get us an A!” I finish excitedly, caught up in my own personal bladder fantasy.

Instantly I got red in the face. Perhaps I’d gone too far. But then Jean smiled at me and said that my idea was almost perfect, but that it needed something else to really put it over the top. “How about if we let people come up and feel my bladder, just to get the full experience of how big and hard it gets?” Jean suggested, a twinkle in her eye. I gulped, my mouth suddenly dry at the thought of this iron-bladdered girl willingly submitting herself to increased torture. “Are you sure you can handle that?” I managed to squeak out. The twinkle in Jean’s eye turned into a full-fledged gleam as she replied, “Of course, my bladder can handle anything!”

Jean and I sat next to each other in health class, our first class of the day, every day for the next week while presentations were going on. Thankfully we were presenting after most people had already gone, giving us more time to hone our speeches. The day before we were set to present Jean surprised me. She got up at the start of health class to go to the bathroom. I gave her a look of confusion and disappointment when she reentered the classroom. “Bad day for the bladder?” I asked her. Jean stifled a girlish giggle before replying, “No, of course not. C’mon, you know my bladder well enough by now. That’s my last pee before the presentation, so each student in here will get to feel a 24 hour bladder!” My eyes nearly bugged out of my head as I instantly found myself hard, penis jutting up, tenting my jeans, and oozing precum. “Are you sure you’ll be able to last that long??” I asked, “You only made it 20 hours when we did the experiment.”

“Oh I’ll be fine, I’ll just drink normally today and then do my water chugging tomorrow morning after I wake up, so I’ll be fit to burst by the time class starts.” Jean told me confidently.

As I found out, “normal drinking” for Jean was still a great amount. She had a water bottle with her at all times throughout the day and must have emptied it at least 3 or 4 times, plus she had two drinks at lunch, and that night she called me to tell me that she’d gotten greedy and had an extra glass of ice water with her supper. “As long as you can hold it in,” I warned her cautiously. “Haha don’t worry, my sphincter’s barely tired after the entire day, I’ll be fine,” Jean told me before hanging up.

When I arrived at school the next morning, I was anxious to see how Jean’s bladder was doing. She was a master at holding it, but everyone had their limits, and she was stretching herself 4 hours past hers. Jean was already seated when I arrived, sipping at her water bottle. “Just topping myself off,” she said as I sat down and got out our notes. “How ya holding up?” I inquired. “I’m good, definitely feeling it bad, but I can stand and talk without making it too obvious. I had 2 liters of water this morning though, so I’m definitely gonna burst soon,” Jean said. I noticed that her legs were close to each other and one foot was tapping on the floor, but I trusted that Jean’s massive bladder would be up to the task of holding in its giant load a bit longer.

The bell rang to start class, and Jean and I sat through a couple boring presentations before it was our turn. I noticed that Jean was beginning to sweat from the effort, and that she was fidgeting in her seat slightly, but otherwise she was holding in her flood admirably. When our turn to present arrived, I stood and walked to the front of the room. Jean slowly rose to her feet, being careful not to bump or strain her throbbing bladder any more than necessary, and she hobbled slowly to the front to stand beside me. Amazingly, no one seemed to notice Jean’s potentially explosive predicament, and we began our speeches.

As I finished my part and turned it over to Jean, I couldn’t help but stare at her and marvel at her amazing abilities of self-control. She stood perfectly still, legs slightly apart to give her bulging bladder room, and delivered her speech perfectly, with only a few pauses, hitches, and stutters when a particularly bad bladder cramp would hit her. But Jean resisted the urge to hold herself or fidget, making her all the sexier to me.

Finally we feigned as though we were wrapping things up. The class got ready to applaud, and that’s when we hit them with the surprise. “Class, we’ve actually got, live and in person today, a completely bursting female bladder!” I exclaimed. The class looked back, intrigued, and there was a definite sexual tension in the air. No one knew what I was talking about. Then Jean slowly pulled her pants down a little and lifted her shirt, revealing to the entire class her amazing protruding bladder bulge. She was shaking just a little and made a concerted effort not to do more than that, but now it was obvious to all that she was absolutely burstingly full of piss.

“If anyone would like to see what it feels like to touch an iron bladder that hasn’t been emptied in over 24 hours, feel free to come up,” I continued, motioning to Jean’s massive abdomen. At first, there was just more silence from the class. Then, hesitantly, a few students began to summon the courage to go and feel the ultimate iron bladder. Soon, more followed, until the entire class had formed a line that curved through the classroom.

Students began to file through, each taking the time to rub and caress Jean’s distended, hurting bladder. “You can rub and press on it, but not too hard. Remember, this bladder hasn’t gotten any relief for 24 hours, so it’s stretched a great deal, and the sphincter muscle that keeps control of the liters of pee in there is definitely getting tired.” I warned, noticing Jean’s legs increase their shaking as more and more students began to get a bit rougher with her bladder, seeing that she could take it. The students heeded my advice, but Jean’s desperation was still evident, though she fought as hard as she could to contain herself just a bit longer.

The rest of the line filed through, and when it was over Jean was a sweaty mess, but she hadn’t even given in to pulling her legs together, let alone holding herself. To say I was turned on was an understatement, and I had as much trouble as Jean walking back to my desk after that incredible performance, albeit for much different reasons.

Jean immediately crossed her legs tight when she sat down and took in a big breath. “That was amazing,” I leaned over and whispered to her. She gave me a genuine smile before grimacing to fight off yet another bladder spasm. “I’m about at my limit here….if you want a good show, follow me after class,” Jean whispered back through gritted teeth. My heartbeat seemed to double in tempo at her offer, and I watched Jean’s increasing fidgeting with mounting anticipation as we were forced to sit through one final presentation.

And finally, they were done! Jean was rubbing her rock-hard bladder, willing her aching sphincter to hold her load of piss inside for a few more minutes. As Jean headed for the door, our teacher Mr. Dumars said to her, “I’ve never seen anything like that before in my life, and it was certainly impressive, but I do hope you’re going now to empty that straining bladder of yours?” Jean managed a thin-lipped smile through her desperation and replied, “Of course sir. I’m about to burst in any case!”

I began to walk towards the school’s nearest lavatories, but Jean stopped me and began walking towards the doors that led outside. “Where are you going??” I asked, hurrying to catch up. “I thought this would be more fun than just letting go in a toilet,” Jean responded in between “oohs” and “aahs” as her bladder fought to push out the hot, hurting piss inside her. Finally we made it outside (thankfully no teachers saw) and Jean propped herself up against the side of the school, tore down her pants and panties, and let her pee blast into the grass.

“Ooooooooh yeah! My gosh did I need that one! My bladder was about to explode all over the classroom!” Jean moaned in ecstasy, her pee literally pouring out of her at a flow rate unlike anything I’d ever seen before. The stream seemed to be over an inch wide, and her puddle in the grass was beginning to get foamy. Jean continued to sigh in total pleasure as her bladder emptied its 24 hour load. I could only stand next to her and stare at the massive flow of piss emanating from her pussy, and it seemed like it would never end.

The grass was totally soaked as 1 minute of pissing turned to 2, and the flow just kept coming. Jean was like a bursting dam, and she seemed to be nearly in an orgasmic state from the release of pressure. As Jean’s piss passed 3 minutes, it finally started to slow, coming to an end just before the 4 minute mark. I couldn’t believe what I’d just seen. Jean sighed heavily and looked over at me, and immediately her eyes became as wide as mine. I was confused, but then looked down and realized that my penis was rock hard and trying to burst through my jeans. Jean licked her lips. “What do you say we take off from school early today? I don’t think I’m the only one in need of relief,” Jean said, sucking delicately on one finger. I moaned myself as she grabbed my hardness and led me back to her car. It was going to be an amazing day.

