Norma's bar

Copyright 2020 Kaylee Kennicott

Norma’s Bar was open only three nights a week, or at the discretion of the owner: Norma. But the schedule was irregular. Those of us who patronized the place ran in close circles, so sometimes there were nights when I had planned on staying in and was surprised to get a text from a friend. “Hey, Norma’s is open - I’m heading down. How about you?”

Inevitably, I put some real pants on, laced up my shoes, and went to meet them all.

The bar stayed open late - or until Norma wanted to go home. There were some nights when she’d close up early, her arm thrown around the shoulder of whatever lucky fellow - or lady - she’d taken a liking to that night. “Sorry, folks,” she’d say. “But if I don’t go relieve some tension now, I’ll be grumpy and useless for the next one.”

We didn’t complain.

If anything, the waiting list for those who were hoping to jump in bed with Norma was...well, basically as long as the guest list for the establishment. And she was notoriously fickle, changing lovers about as frequently as she changed her underwear.

I had yet to make it with her. But, and I’m pretty sure I wasn’t imagining this, Norma seemed...a little softer around me, recently. She had leaned towards me more, and winked at me a few times. It made me more determined to show up every night, just in case. I had a feeling she was working up to me.

On this particular evening, it was normal business hours. I showed up early on, to claim my favorite spot at the bar. That’s typically where you sat, if you wanted to get with Norma. Couples, and those curious folks who wandered in for the shock value, sat at the tables and booths out on the floor. But the regulars always sat at the bar, to talk to Norma.

I suppose an average person on the street would look at Norma and think that there was nothing much special about her. That sure, she was beautiful. She had hair you’d call red but actually looked golden and sometimes speckled with interesting colors from the bar lights reflecting off the liquor bottles around her. She had an hourglass figure that was only accentuated by her waitressing apron tied around her waist. (And god, even now I can’t think of that apron without remembering the sight of her taking it off, as she did every evening while we cheered.)

She was a deft hand with a towel, and she’d swat at guys with a wet rag and snap it hard against their skin if they ever bothered her. But if you were sweet and treated her nice, she’d give you more than you ever dreamed of.

When I sat down, she smiled at me. “Evening, Lawrence. The usual?”

“Yes, please.”

Soon it was placed in front of me: a highball glass filled with ice, two measures of gin, tonic water, a slice of lime, and a squirt of Norma’s own special blend. My favorite.

“Cheers,” I toasted her and took a long swig while she watched with a gratified look on her face. I could see out of the corner of my eye, Norma gazing at me while I drank with a small but playful smile on her face, and felt urged to continue. I hadn’t planned on it, but I ended up tipping my head back and finishing the drink. Just because I knew she was watching.

“Ah,” I sighed. “Delicious.”

“I do appreciate what a good drinker you are, Lawrence. Have I ever said that about you?”

“I don’t recall but I certainly don’t mind hearing it...once more?”

She chuckled. “You always finish your drinks. You relish them, in fact.”

“Where you are involved, my dear, the final result is worth relishing.”

She gave me that smile again, took away my glass, and refilled it with the same. “This one is on the house.”

As she left to attend to other patrons, I buried my smile in my glass, sipping my second drink more slowly and trying not to look like a giddy fool. She was paying more attention to me than ever. That was surely a good sign?

It was still early in the night. One could usually tell how close we were to closing time by how many layers of clothing Norma still wore: the fewer, the sooner she’d announce last call. She still had everything on, at this point: neat skirt, tidy blouse, waitressing apron, and all the underthings. We’d be seeing those before too long. I wondered what color they’d be tonight. Purple? Red? Dark green, to complement her golden-red hair?

Norma made the rounds and got folks settled. I watched her round ass swing from side to side as she moved around the room, squeezing between tables and brushing up against obstacles. She had a figure that made me want to take her by the hips and nuzzle those sweet cheeks. Well, there was a lot more I’d like to do while I was down there.

I nursed my drink, really paying attention to the complex flavor profiles of it. It would seem like nothing special, just a plain gin and tonic, but Norma’s extra blend gave it this smoky sweetness that was indescribable. And the smell was even better: just sticking your nose in the glass provided this musky scent that was mouthwatering. Was it any surprise I was already half- hard?

Well... maybe a little more than half.

I finished my drink before Norma came back to check on me; when she saw the empty glass, but for the ice cubes rattling around, she grinned. “Good boy.”

I ducked my head a little, feeling surprisingly shy, like I really was a schoolboy again. She had never said that to me before. But though I squirmed, I wanted to hear it again.

“Another, please?” I said meekly.

She winked. “You got it, hon.”

But as she was mixing it, and I was admiring her toned arms and her martini shaker gestures, she called over to me, “You want a double on the special blend this time? No extra charge.”

The special blend. I shivered a little, a pavlovian response to what I knew she indicated. “Yes. Yes, please,” I said. I hoped I didn’t sound too eager.

When she set it in front of me, I was rewarded with a whiff, twice-strong, of the musk that I appreciated so much. Norma's musk. A heady double shot of it.

“Enjoy,” she said with a flirty smile, and as she stepped away to serve someone else, I surreptitiously slipped a couple of twenties into her tip jar. All of us around here were generous with Norma, in part because she was so generous with us.

I really took my time with that drink.

Each sip offered a new tasting experience; from sweet to floral, from earthy to spicy. Her special blend punched up every flavor and made it all resonate together on the tongue like a well-tuned orchestra. If there weren’t people around, I would have moaned with every sip. I could have pulled my cock out and masturbated right there while I drank, but that was an activity better left for privacy.

I was nearing the bottom of this glass when I heard a shout in the corner, and a chorus of woo’s from some of the other patrons. I whipped around to see that Rosie was slowly and lasciviously undoing a clasp on her shirt. Here we go. The clothes were starting to come off.

She shrugged out of the blouse and tossed it over a nearby chair, exposing pale, creamy skin below her freckled shoulders. Her breasts rose in two soft mounds, pillowed by a tiffany-blue bra.

Ahh...blue. Didn't consider that one.

The patrons at the table roared as she carefully set a shot glass between those beautiful, plush breasts. The man for whom the shot was meant blushed like a beet but, upon encouragement, wasted no time in burying his face in that bosom, lips feeling around her skin for the rim of the shot glass, and tipping his head back to guzzle it, as his party cheered behind him.

Lucky fucker.

Norma smiled indulgently and passed out the rest of the drinks to the table; at that point, now that one person purchased a body shot, there was a flurry as several other patrons ordered one for themselves. I watched for about half an hour as she criss-crossed the room, carrying a flask of the special blend with her, repeating the same maneuver. Each time I watched a little enviously as different men and women fished around between her breasts, often taking the opportunity to lick or nibble at her. I wanted to do that too; but I also didn’t want to be one of any number of patrons just slobbering at her. Though, to Norma’s credit, she did clean herself off with a damp towel between each one.

After a time she came back and saw that my glass had been empty for a little while.

“You should have said something!” she scolded me. “Can I get you a water, or anything?”

“Water would be great,” I said. I’d had several drinks already and I wanted to pace myself this evening. While she stood in front of me, filling the glass with the soda gun behind the bar, she said casually, “How come you never order a body shot? You don’t like them?”

I shrugged. At least making conversation with Norma gave me something else to focus on besides my own fast heartbeat at her close presence. "I think I would. It looks great. But, you know, you already do so much...I don’t want to inconvenience you.”

“It’s no inconvenience,” she said. “I like doing it.”

“I don’t know...” I hesitated. “It’s a very intimate thing, isn’t it? And so many others do it...I’m nervous to be compared against them. Won’t you judge me on my technique?” I said it in a playful tone, though my meaning was serious.

“Oh, I wouldn’t worry about comparisons,” she said thoughtfully. “Every person is unique and there is something to appreciate about all of them.” Then her gaze turned serious and she looked directly at me, not aggressively, but in a way that still felt like a challenge. “But you’re right that I’ll judge you.”

I felt a small shiver run up my spine. Somehow Norma didn’t make that sound like a bad thing.

It occured to me that if Norma really was interested in making me the lucky fellow that she’d bed that evening, this could be her way of testing me ahead of time. Whether I was worth her time. Whether I would touch her, treat her, in a way she would enjoy.

“Okay,” I said, surprised at how level I was managing to keep my voice. “Г11 take one. Please.”

That same gratified look spread over her face again. “You got it.”

She set the water glass in front of me, and I took a big gulp to prepare myself as she came around to my side of the bar, nestled a clean shot glass between her pale and rounded tits, and expertly poured a brimming shot of amber liquid from the flask without even looking down. She kept her eyes on my own eager face, like she was waiting for something; and when I looked up from her beautiful and voluptuous bosom to meet her eyes, she seemed to relax.

“Whenever you’re ready,” she said, and indicated the shot glass.

I took a deep breath and tried to relax. What if my facial hair scratched her tender skin? What if I mucked about, accidentally spilled it, or did something else awkward and uncomfortable?

But there she was, patiently waiting.

I leaned down, focusing on the shot glass and the fragrant musk rising from it. But midway down I got distracted by the line of her throat, and some unconscious urge took over me; I couldn’t resist leaving a gentle trail of kisses down the slope of her collarbone. She gave a little shiver, a minor tremble that betrayed little, but seemed to move her closer towards me.

It did take a moment of fumbling around, of pressing my lips against her warm skin, before I had the glass securely in my mouth. But once it was, I didn’t hesitate. The scent, and the desire to feel it burn down my throat and swallow it and taste it on my tongue overpowered any desire to linger.

With my lips firm around the rim, I tipped my head back, swallowing the contents in one go. Norma, in front of me, clapped delightedly, and cleared away the glass as I set it down on the bar.

“Well done,” she said, winking as she placed it in the sink to be washed later. With her reaction, I felt I had passed the test, and I relaxed against the bar, satisfied.

“You drink that water and I’ll come back and check on you soon, mmkay?” she said. I only nodded dreamily at her and took a sip in agreement.

The water glass was almost empty and my bladder was uncomfortably full by the time she came back.

“How you doing, huh?” she nodded over at me as she headed to the sink to wash some glasses during a lull. “Need anything?”

“Just a whizz,” I said automatically. I was already pretty buzzed, and inclined to be honest to a fault.

“Hmm, well, we do have a regular bathroom around here, you know,” she said.

“I know,” I said. “But I don’t need it quite yet. I’d rather talk to you.”

She flashed me a smile. “Aren’t you sweet. Tell you what...if you can hold it until I’m done with these dishes, I’ll come to the bathroom with you, how’s that?”

“That sounds great,” I said immediately. “I don’t know what you mean exactly, but it sounds like something I’d like.”

She chuckled and said, “I like you.”

I couldn’t resist the warm flush that came over me, and I smiled beatifically. Norma caught the expression; something in her perked up. “You like that, don’t you? You like it when I talk to you like that.”

“Yes,” I said bashfully.

She came closer, abandoning the sink for a moment, leaving her arms sudsy. Her voice dropped low, so I was the only one who could hear her. “You like being a good boy?”

Something in the pit of my stomach dropped pleasantly, and my cock sprang to attention. “Yes.”

“You wanna be my good boy?” she murmured, as close as she could be with the bar between us; her eyes dropped down to my lap.

“Yes.”

She grinned. “Good. Hold it. Wait for me. I’ll attend to you soon.”

So I did; sitting on the stool, holding my bladder, finishing my drink, I waited for her, and rocked back and forth, feeling like a schoolboy again, but also very very pleased with myself.

After about ten minutes, she took off her apron and hung it behind the bar - now she was wearing only a skirt that fell mid-way to her knee, a bra, and nothing else except a good pair of sneakers - and took me by the hand.

“Don’t go anywhere, folks,” she announced. “I’ll be right back.”

I watched her with fascination, even while I was attached to her, wondering at what luck I had received for the evening after a year of watching her slip away in this fashion with a hundred different people.

She tugged me along to the bathrooms, but instead of slipping into the mens’ like I was expecting, she took a different turn and led me to the staff area at the back: the employee bathroom, where I had never been before.

“Here we are!" she said, shutting and locking the door behind us.

Rather than stalls, this was just one open room. In one half, there was a toilet and a sink. But on the other half, the tiled floor sloped down and there was a shower head above it. In the corner, a bucket and mop.

In the corner across from the toilet, there was a structure built into the wall that I assumed, at first, was a baby changing station. Later, I would find out that assumption was incorrect.

“This is the perfect room to experiment with wet play,” Norma told me. “If anyone makes a mess, the shower head is detachable and extends far enough to spray every corner of the room. There’s a grate under the shower. And the pulldown bed in the corner allows for...well...a few other opportunities.”

“So...do you want me to pee in the toilet?”

“Not so fast...” she chided. “Are you holding it?”

“Yes...”

“Good boy,” she said. I felt that warm flush again.

“Keep holding it!" said Norma, “because I have been on my feet working for a few hours without a bathroom break and I really need to go first.”

I gulped at the thought of getting a personal, front-row seat to watch Norma piss, but then she looked over her shoulder at me. “Aren’t you coming?”

“Um.”

She was moving to the shower half of the bathroom, not the toilet half.

“What exactly...?”

“You’re a good drinker,” she said, kicking off her shoes before unzipping her skirt and stepping out of it. Her panties matched the blue of her bra. “You like my taste, don’t you?”

“I do,” I said. I was staring intently. “I really do.”

“I find that the first, ah, brew of the evening tends to be too strong for most folks,” she said, carefully folding her skirt and tucking it, and the sneakers, on a shelf overhead. “What I serve people at the bar is either diluted, or it comes from a batch after my first, and heaviest, piss of the night.”

“I see/’ I said, though I still wasn’t really sure I understood.

“Do you want to try it?” she asked softly.

Then I got it. I was speechless for a moment but I managed to point. “You...you’re offering to let me drink from you? Directly?”

“I want to relieve myself inside your mouth,” she said, watching me intently. Standing there in only her bra and panties, she looked more vulnerable than I had ever seen her, asking. “Are you...willing?”

I took a step forward. “I...I can’t even...yes. I would love that.”

“Then please get the hell over here. I have to go so badly.”

Heedless of my own clothes, I dropped to my knees immediately in front of her. I didn’t care if she soiled me and I had to go slip out the back door. I just wanted the next few moments.

On my knees, my eyes were level with her pussy. She slipped off and stepped out of the panties, setting them aside carefully next to the skirt. Now that I was this close to her, I could see the small physical tremors of her body as she tried to hold back. At one point she had to crouch, barefoot and squatting on the tile, as she trembled with the need to urinate.

But she made it over to me without spilling a drop, and as she drew near I smelled the same floral-sweet spicy-earthy musk that I relished in the drinks she served. With my face at the level of her groin, I just needed to crane my neck a little in order to press my whole mouth against her.

As soon as we were sealed together, Norma shuddered and immediately began to pee forcefully onto my tongue. I could feel the force of it, a little water jet inside my mouth.

Luckily I didn’t cough or choke; I don’t think Norma could have stopped even if I had. She groaned deeply as she relieved herself, and the pleasure in her voice made my ears ring. She just kept gushing into my mouth, emptying herself down my throat, and I kept swallowing and swallowing.

Finally I felt that my throat muscles were keeping up with the rhythm of her gushing, and that I hit a comfortable pace drinking from her. But then I got ahead of myself, and sucked a little greedily from her.

To my surprise, she gasped. “OooOOooh, what was that? Do that again!”

I obliged, nuzzling closer to her while I clamped my mouth over her pee hole and sucked gently, as if drawing it out of her. She was right - the taste was strong and steady, the dial turned up on the flavors I had already enjoyed.

Norma had to put a hand on the wall to steady herself as her knees quavered, and her voice pitched itself in strange echoing moans around the bathroom.

“OooOoooOoooh fuck!”

Though her stream quickly dwindled after that, Norma didn’t let me pull my head away; she put a gentle but firm hand on the back of my head and kept me in place, still leaking droplets into my mouth while she used my tongue and lips. As she rubbed her pussy against my face, my nose filled with the warm smell of her.

“Oh fuck,” she groaned as she humped my face, “Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck-”

It was obvious when she orgasmed: not only because she slowed her movements while the muscles in her abdomen visibly twitched and her cunt tightened under my tongue, but also because a new and different flood of fluid spurted out over my tongue. She was a squirter.

“Mmmmmmm,” Norma hummed with delight as she gushed a second stream over my tongue, sweeter and lighter than the first. I lapped it up eagerly and licked her clean while she lazily humped my mouth.

“Oh, fuck, hon,” she breathed. “That was fantastic. I don’t usually come this early in the evening.”

“No?” I asked her.

“Nah. Bathroom break is usually just that. I’m rarely so inspired,” she said, poking me in the chest as I stood up. “But you did some things that were nice and unexpected.”

“I’m glad,” I told her, going to the sink to splash some water on my neck. There was a little spillage, but only a few drops reached the collar of my shirt. I had managed to keep most of Norma’s piss in my mouth, though a bit had leaked out at first when she overwhelmed me with the first gush. She watched me indulgently, pulling her skirt back on - but leaving the panties behind on the shelf. Ooh. That definitely signaled the next part of the evening. Our gazes met in the mirror above the sink. Was I the only one who felt that little tug around my navel, that exciting shiver of pleasure, when looking at her?

I turned to face her. I was starting to feel even more pressure building below my midsection.

“So...is it...may I...?” I asked, not sure how to begin.

“Oh, you poor dear. I completely forgot. You must be ready to burst. Go ahead-” She gestured to the toilet. “I’d like to watch you...for now.”

I was a little thrown by the implication of what mieht come in the future, but mv need was too urgent to dwell on it for long.

Hurriedly I unfastened my pants and just pulled everything down; I figured if she was going to sneak a peek at what I was packing, I might as well show off the whole thing to full display rather than just snaking my prick out through my zipper.

I reached to handle myself, to hold my cock down straight and steady while I stood over the toilet; to my surprise, Norma reached out and took a firm hold instead. Her cool, slender fingers wrapped around my cock; I stiffened a bit immediately at her touch, and the flow that was building was abruptly clamped off.

“Mmm,” she made a satisfied noise. “Very nice. Will you let me aim it while you piss?”

“Yes,” I said. “Anything you want.” Anything to keep her small hand fisting me.

I had to take a few deep breaths and look up at the ceiling in order to relax enough to urinate; but then once the flow started, I couldn’t have stopped it for anything.

Norma watched, fascinated, as I streamed down thunderously into the toilet. She swung my cock into small arcs, watching my piss figureeight around the toilet bowl, with a little smile on her face. And I couldn’t help groaning; the combination of the relief filling my body as I emptied my bladder, with the pleasure of her touch on me, was intoxicating.

“Wow, you really had to go,” Norma commented while I was still trickling out the last of it. “That was a long and steady stream.”

“I had a lot to drink,” I reminded her. “Some of that-” I indicated the toilet, “-was once...yours.” My eyes lingered on her, and her lower half, meaningfully. The thought made her shiver a little in pleasure.

“I like you/’ she said, for the second time that evening. “I want to keep playing with you...but it’s about time for me to get back to the bar.”

“I can wait,” I told her, then repeated, more forcefully. “I will wait.”

Her eyes danced playfully between mine. She said, “let’s get back,” and after washing her hands thoroughly at the sink she tugged me back out to the bar. No promise except what I might read in her eyes.

Back at the bar, I resumed my seat (and got a few slugs in the arm from guys at the bar around me) and Norma donned her waitressing apron again. She always kept a book there, to take orders with, which was superfluous because I never saw her actually write anything down. She always did it by memory, and she rarely made mistakes. In the other pocket was her flask - her special blend - her own mysterious recipe containing her own fragrant piss. But before she went back to fulfilling orders, she filled a large glass of water for herself, no ice, and downed the whole thing.

“Ooooh," one of the solo guys at the bar said softly. Those of us who had been here for a while knew what to expect from Norma’s patterns.

She served more drinks - including one to me, on the house with a wink - chugged a second full glass of water, and inevitably, about midway through the evening, she lined up a row of shot glasses on the bar and brought the step stool over to it so she could climb up.

“All right, who wants one?” she announced. “I’m desperate to go, so the first round is free - after that, you have to pay per shot.”

I raised my hand, as did every other guy at the bar, and a few others; she nodded at most of us regulars (including me) and we all huddled closer.

The line of shot glasses - 12 in all - were perfectly lined up in the space between Norma’s knees where she knelt on the bar. She untied the waitressing apron and let it slide down to the floor behind the bar. Then she flipped up her skirt, revealing her sleek pussy.

I don’t think it was my imagination that she already looked like she was leaking, droplets sliding down her inner thigh, and pulsing lightly as if struggling to hold back her flow. Yet deliberately, she squatted over the shot glasses, leaning slightly more to one side, and spread her pussy lips with her index and middle finger.

Immediately a squirt of urine sprayed out from between her fingers and filled the farthest shot glass in the line to the top. Somehow she clamped down and shifted over slightly before releasing yet another tiny torrent of pee, perfectly filling the second shot glass without spilling a drop. And then the third. And the fourth.

She kept up a mesmerizing rhythm, moving down the line, relieving herself just a little into each shot glass yet perfectly filling it to the brim, and yet controlling herself enough to stop before moving onto the next one. By shot number ten, her stream was starting to dwindle, and didn’t come out in such a sudden spurt; a few drops speckled the bar below but she still managed to fill twelve whole shot glasses. Even then, it was a delight to see her flutter her eyes and sigh as the sensation of relief flooded her body, as the last of it flowed out of her.

Carefully, she lowered herself down from the bar and flipped her skirt back down. She gestured to the shot glasses. “Enjoy.”

Each of us greedily reached for our portion. Some sipped. Some knocked it back.

For my part, I wanted it to be as warm as possible - to feel fresh from the source. So I swallowed it in one go, and locked eyes with Norma while I did. She bit her lip as she watched me. I hoped she was feeling that slow warmth of arousal spreading, like I was.

Norma only produced a few shot glass rounds every evening. The limitation of them, plus the increasingly high demand, meant they were rare and valuable. An incredible amount of time and liquid needed to go into the preparation of each one.

Sometimes Norma did fancy things with them, party tricks: once she put a little colored liquor at the bottom of each shot glass, so they all came out different colors. Or the tower of shot glasses, where she pissed into the one at the top and it streamed down like a waterfall into all the others.

On this night, she kept it simple. But there was something different about it, for me personally; in the past, I had been lucky to get a single one of these shots in a night. But this time, she reserved one for me from each and every round. I got four in total: four blissful shots of her uniquely flavorful piss. Combined with the pleasant buzz from the alcohol and the constant stiffy I was sporting, I spent the evening basking in an enjoyable and stimulating haze.

I knew I was definitely being “chosen” by Norma that evening when, at a fairly late hour, she climbed into my lap and started to rub herself against me. She wasn’t wearing any bottoms; only the same bra on top she’d had on all evening. Her pussy left a wet mark on my pants.

“Do you want something?” I murmured into her ear. I was feeling pretty suave, with all those drinks in me.

“I want to piss all over your lap right here and now,” she murmured back. I looked at her and then I looked around. I had an idea.

“Well,” I said, as casually as I could. “Maybe if there weren’t all these other people around?”

She nipped at my lower lip. “You’re right. I’m going to send them home.”

My heart leaped for a second until she added, “But not yet. It’s not closing time yet.”

She got up from my lap, and I was hoping she’d announce final call, but she didn’t - only chugged another glass of water, got up on the bar, and produced the last of the evening’s round of her own unique shots.

She must have decided to mix it up for the final round, to keep people interested, because this time she arranged the shot glasses in a small triangle formation, 10 glasses in 4 rows like bowling pins , and arranged herself several feet away.

“No, really?” I heard someone behind me say. “Is she gonna...?”

She did. From a distance, with seemingly effortless grace, she pissed a perfect arc into the front shot glass.

She was kneeling on the surface of the bar rather than standing, her two fingers in a V spreading her pussy lips, adjusting the arc of her stream with seemingly little more than those two fingers and the arch of her back as she leaned.

She perfectly filled the two shot glasses in the second row, and had to lean back a little to reach the third row, but she made it, methodically peeing a thick stream into each one. I loved watching each new flow of urine, imagining myself catching it in my mouth, as if I was standing between her and the glasses.

The problem was when she reached the fourth row; by then, her flow was dwindling in force. How would she reach it?

“She should have started with the last row,” someone behind me muttered.

But despite that, without moving from her spot on the bar, and though her torrent was now thinning out, she slowly and deliberately pointed herself towards the glasses and perfectly urinated into each one. Only after she filled the last one in the fourth row did her stream actually die away and fall, leaving a thin wet line on the bar top.

“Mm,” she said; I imagined I could hear all her satisfaction, and all her arousal, in that sound. She pointed at the ten of us - myself included - who were the lucky benefactors of this round. I hope I don’t sound too smug when I say that the others had to pay...but I didn’t. Granted, I loved the taste of her so much I would have licked her spilled pee off the bar top; but I only didn’t because someone else got to it first.

But even then, she didn’t announce last call. She kept serving patrons, flirting with them, doling out shot after shot of her special blend, which flowed as heavily as the liquor. I watched her patiently, but nervously, wondering if I would get to go home with her after all. Did I offend her when I asked her to send everyone else home so we could be alone together? Did she change her mind about me? Well, no...what about all those free drinks? She wouldn’t treat me so well if she wasn’t thinking about it. Unless the free drinks were a condolence? Did they signify something else?

But then at one point, I stood up rather thoughtlessly to go to the bathroom. I wasn’t really drunk - I was trying to stay awake and alert enough to take advantage of the situation if Norma really was interested - but I was tipsy enough that I didn’t think anything of absenting myself to empty my bladder.

Before I reached the hallway that led to the bathroom, Norma intercepted me. “Where are you going?”

“Toilet,” I grunted. “Gotta piss.”

She pouted. “And you didn’t tell me?”

I looked at her gleaming eyes. “I didn’t know you’d be interested.”

“Oh, I am,” she said. “I’m very interested.”

“But what about those people?” I gestured to some folks who waved their hands, trying to get her attention for a drink order. “Don’t you need to take care of them?”

“I do...but...” She ran her eyes up and down my body. “I want to join you, too.”

I squirmed and considered things. “I have...maybe a ten minute window before I’m likely to have an accident. But if you tell me to wait for you, I’ll wait for you.”

Her eyes lit up and she made a noise like a growl. “Good boy. Hold it for me and wait right here. I’ll be back in a moment.”

I leaned against the wall and watched her take a couple orders and make a few drinks - though it was hard to watch the pouring of the liquids with my bladder as achingly full as it was - as if through a haze. This whole night was incredible, and dreamlike: everything I wanted, and more. Eventually it would end, but I wasn’t ready to think about that.

Soon, Norma rejoined me. She had taken off the waitressing apron for good and now only wore her skirt and bra. She led me, again, to the spacious employee bathroom, and locked the door behind us. Then she wriggled out of her skirt and, to my surprise, sat down on the toilet, spreading her legs and facing me.

“I want you to piss on my clit,” she said, scooting back on the seat to leave space at the front of the toilet bowl for my urine to stream down. She spread her legs expectantly and looked at me, but I found myself suddenly paralyzed on the piss front because I was trying to hold down a huge erection. Seeing her casually spread her legs for me and beg me to piss on her pussy was more suggestion than my already horned-up brain could handle.

“Apologies,” I said, but a slow smile spread across her face when she saw me futilely struggling to conceal my obvious erection.

“Frustrating evening?” she asked sympathetically.

“Nothing I can’t handle,” I said stoically, even while I was unconsciously palming my cock, rubbing myself through my pants. Fuck, I wanted release.

Luckily, Norma was willing to work with me on that.

“I want to watch you touch yourself,” she said, already sliding her own hand down to touch herself. “I want to watch you come.”

I didn’t need much prompting.

I pulled down my pants, took my cock in hand, and stroked the shaft in quick little bursts while I watched her fingers dance between her legs and her face take on a blissful expression.

All this imagery piled up on top of the slow burn of the evening, and I came quickly, faster than she did; so she was still touching herself and biting her lip when I managed to relax and start pissing.

She moved her hand out of the way as soon as my flow started, only using her fingers to spread herself for better access. My piss rained down directly on her splayed cunt, the arc battering her clit before moving down to her slit. That was something I really yearned to see: my own piss, disappearing inside her. As the urine struck her hole, her eyes widened and she writhed a little like she was trying to get closer. I obliged by moving myself a little nearer, and I know that the sensation of my own stream striking her must have increased in force as I did, because her eyes fluttered closed and she groaned deep from within her belly.

“Oh fuck, yes,” she breathed. “Piss inside me.”

I did so, relishing the visual effect of my own urine streaming inside her, and then dripping back out into the toilet. I ended with another long and pleasurable final spray against her clit, which fully brought her to shaking, gasping orgasm.

“That was incredible,” she finally said, when she could put words together again. “So good.”

“Mmmm,” I managed, trying to fix the vision in front of me - busty, red-haired beauty, writhing in wet pleasure - in my mind forever. I never wanted to forget this moment. “Yes.”

She looked at me, and really looked me over; I got the sense that she was doing the same thing to me. Fixing this moment in her mind as something remarkable to remember in the future.

“Are you staying until closing time?” she asked casually as she blotted herself dry, then moved to wash her hands in the sink.

“Of course. Aren’t I? I thought I was waiting for you.”

“Yes,” she said, meeting my eyes in the mirror again. “Please.”

“I will,” I promised.

She put the skirt back on and gave me a long lingering kiss before leading me back, stunned, to the bar, where she finally announced last call. That kept her busy refilling drinks for a good twenty minutes. I had another last drink of my own, but she put that one in front of me - again, on the house - along with a water refill and instructed me to finish it all before we left. Easy.

I had that water, and another glass besides, because I was determined to go into the last part of the night with a full bladder. That would only lead to good things, right? I noticed Norma seemed to be of similar mindset; she was drinking water as steadily as a fish. She must have downed three or four glasses before she finally started packing up the bar, cleaning dishes, and wiping down surfaces one last time. I was definitely feeling the urge in my bladder by the time she flipped the sign on the door. She didn’t rush the customers; just let them trickle out as they finished their drinks. A few guys shot me dirty looks; they knew and were jealous of what awaited me. Others gave me knowing smiles and gestures of support. Some of these guys had, presumably, bedded her already, and harbored no resentment. Some hadn’t, but were encouraging nevertheless.

The urge to urinate turned more into a clenching need by the time the last customer left. I was still sitting there at the bar, and we were the only two left, but Norma didn’t rush things. She kept methodically cleaning, doing her closing up routine: cleaning the glasses, mopping the floor, and closing the register. She gave me another drink when I finished the other one, but without gin - only her special blend mixed in. I drank it while I watched her. We were the only two people left in the place.

By the time she turned to me - money counted, hands washed, and apron set aside -1 had to piss something fierce.

When I told her so, her eyes lit up. “Come with me.”

She led me to the back hallway again, but instead of turning off towards the employee bathroom, she opened a door marked “break room.”

It was unlike any other employee break room I’ve ever seen; instead of a kitchenette and a dining table, it housed a plush bed and a set of shelves: the contents of which I could only imagine.

Norma pushed me onto the bed. “Hold it for me a few minutes longer,” she told me, and I nodded. I would have done anything she asked. She climbed on top of me; the skirt came off neatly; and she scooted up the bed, straddling me, until she arrived at my face. Where she sat as if it was her throne.

“I’ve had so much to drink tonight,” she told me. “I really packed it in this last hour. I’m going to absolutely gush down your throat.”

I was tenting my pants at this point. The combination of my own straining hard cock with a full bladder left me with this pleasant bubbly warmth in my abdomen, a sensation like champagne fizz.

“I/m ready,” I told her. “I'll take it all.”
She smiled, and relaxed slightly above me; I could feel her body easing, pressing down a little more onto me, letting her weight go. I kept my mouth open as she maneuvered herself into place.

“No licking,” she instructed me. “Not at first. I just want to empty myself right now.”

I nodded minutely, head mostly clamped in place between her thighs. Her scent was thick in my nose.

Obligingly, even though I wanted to press my tongue and mouth against her, I held back and just kept my throat open and relaxed. It took Norma a moment to emit her flow - she stretched a little languidly, rolling her neck around in circles to ease the tension, and then dug her toes into the mattress on either side of me, shifting her weight back to her heels while she squatted over my face. The skin of her legs was smooth against my ears and the sides of my head; I could only imagine my stubble must be scratching her. But she didn’t seem to care, and only pushed herself closer to me, humping futilely against my open mouth.

I sensed it a mere moment before Norma actually began to urinate: the slight relaxation of the muscles pressed against my face, and a sort of opening up within her core. Then I felt the first drops on my tongue: no mere trickle, but hard and fat like heavy rain. Within seconds, her stream widened like a fan and then narrowed again as the pressure increased. Her hot pee struck the back of my throat. I gulped and swallowed it frantically down.

She streamed continuously for what felt like a long time. And she gave several breathy sighs, squatting there above me and absolutely emptying herself, that kept me fully hard throughout the entire thing. I could feel the sighs vibrating through her body, even if I couldn’t hear her so well with her thighs clamped along my ears.

Though I expected her stream to dwindle and gradually die away, this time it ended abruptly. I realized she had clamped down and closed it off herself. Holding it in reserve, perhaps, for some purpose?

But then she was rubbing her pussy over my face, and I stopped thinking about everything except her beautiful, glistening cunt.

“Oooh, I feel so good when I’m with you,” she told me. I felt the humming resonating through her body through her pelvic bone. “You probably really have to piss, right?”

I nodded, mouth still full of her.

She shifted slightly, pulling her center of weight back over my chest, and leaned down to put her face near my ear. “You know what I really enjoyed earlier? I just loved it when you pissed straight into my cunt. How about it?”

“Yes,” I said clearly, now that my face was free. “But you might have to wait a minute for me to get soft.” I glanced down between our bodies, and she followed my gaze with her eyes, and then, her hand. When she touched me, even though my clothes, I couldn’t resist bucking upwards. Fuck. I was dying for release. Even that little contact sent my head spinning.

“I have a better idea,” she murmured. I couldn’t have stopped her even if I wanted to; and I didn’t want to. I just watched mildly as she unbuckled me and pulled my pants down: not enough to free my legs, but enough to give her access to my cock, pointing up from my lap stiffly.

In fact, I was effectively restrained, lying on the bed with my legs awkwardly pinned together like a merman. I truly could only watch in a blissful haze while Norma unlatched her bra, the final piece of clothing, and let it fall away, leaving her completely naked above me.

Her breasts were as gorgeous as I had expected: so full and heavy that they drooped and bounced as she turned around to toss her clothes towards the other side of the room. She leaned down and pressed her bare chest against me as her mouth met mine in a wet, open kiss.

I was shivering, anticipating it, as Norma reached for my cock and guided it towards her hole. Once she fit the tip inside, she sunk her hips low and speared herself with a deep moan.

Entering her, feeling her warm cunt engulf me completely, I nearly lost control right then. But some part of me knew to hold out, cause this was only going to get better. I was right.

Norma slid up and down with slow, easy movements; then fast ones, slamming herself down onto my lap with a loud smacking noise. She kept tipping her head back, her eyes mostly closed, and sometimes she played with her own nipples or gave her clit a little stroke with her fingertips. Watching her take her pleasure from my cock was intoxicating.

At one point she grabbed my hand and put it on her breast, and I eagerly tweaked her the way I had just watched her manipulate herself; she rewarded me with a deep hum of pleasure and a corresponding aroused clench of her pussy around my cock. I felt her muscles tighten, and thought she was nearing orgasm; but then she surprised me by raising herself up, creating space between our bodies and nearly pulling me out of her. Only my tip was still lodged in her tight hole.

She began to piss.

With me still stuffed inside her, she bathed my lap in warm pee. “Ooooh,” she sighed, gushing all over me, soaking my stiff cock, my balls, my entire groin. Piss pooled in my lap and ran over my hips to the bed below.

That was all I needed, and Norma seemed to know it; she took me deep again just as I spurted out one of the most explosive, satisfying orgasms of my life.

Lying there, feeling the aftershocks rippling through me and trying to catch my breath, I felt a tug in my midsection. I let myself relax into the sensation. I was still stuffed deep inside Norma’s delicious pussy.

I had never pissed inside a woman before. It was almost strange, and certainly different, not to get the same sensory feedback I was used to: no sound of running water, just the pleasure of it. I almost questioned whether or not I was actually urinating - or whether I imagined I was.

But I didn’t have to wonder for long, because Norma suddenly made a low, guttural sound, and let out a whoosh of breath. As I relished the sensation of pee flowing out of my body, her cunt clenched around me and practically milked me, drawing the fluids forcefully out with the strength of her orgasm. That by itself was weirdly pleasurable, like my piss was getting sucked out of me, and I figured that’s what it felt like earlier for Norma when I gently sucked at her pee slit.

I felt like I was melting into the bed when Norma lifted off me. The seal between our bodies pulled apart with a shluck sound, and all the urine - my urine - inside her cunt came streaming out.

“Oooh, that was amazing,” she sighed, eyes already closed, leaning over me on the bed, comfortable as could be. Our legs were entwined, and our lower halves soaked. “Wow. You are one of a kind.”

I think we must have dozed a little, though not for long - the wet warmth in the sheets quickly turned cold and we extracted ourselves reluctantly. Norma helped me pull off the rest of my clothes, which definitely needed a rinse before I could wear them again.

“And this is why we have a shower in the bathroom,” she said, “And a laundry machine in the back.”

Working quickly, she stripped the bed and let the sodden things collect on the tile floor underfoot. I admired her bare ass while she leaned over the bed to reach the farthest corner of the bedsheets.

Underneath the top layer was a plastic mattress protector, which had clearly been effective; she pulled that off as well, since our urine still pooled along its surface, and the mattress underneath was completely dry.

“Pretty good, eh?” she said with satisfaction, balling up the sheets and carrying them further back into the lounge, out of sight. I heard the sound of a washing machine lid opening and closing. “Г11 wash your clothes, too. You might as well stick around for a spell and get cleaned up.”

“Okay,” I said willingly. “Are you going to join me?”

“Without a doubt!" she said. “I smell like booze and piss.”

“Two of my favorite things!" I said, cuddling up to her. She willingly came into my arms and rested her head on my chest. Both of us were fully naked, for the first time. Our bodies pressed together comfortably. I felt like I couldn’t get enough of her, of her skin against me, of her scent in my nose, and it made me feel almost frantic and itchy inside. But it also felt like the most natural, peaceful thing in the world to just stand there, holding her, swaying gently.

I knew that this night was all I'd ever get with her. Norma never tried the same man twice.

I had waited nearly two years for her to reach out to me, and already this evening had a glow on it, a shine that I knew I would remember for years afterwards.

So even though I wanted more; even though I burned with the knowledge that I could be with her for the rest of my life and never get tired of her touch; I just held her gently and relished the moment. I might never have this chance again.

She tilted her face up and kissed me deeply. What passed between us wasn’t frantic and spiky with arousal anymore; it was a little more tender, a little wistful.

Norma led me into the showers and we got thoroughly clean - and then dirty and then clean again - lathering, feeling, exploring each other’s bodies. When I got hard again, just from touching her, Norma guided me to thrust my cock in the slippery space between her thighs; the moment she sighed with pleasure and let her piss flow over my thrusting cock, I came hard, ejaculating over the shower tiles.

She had dry towels to wrap ourselves up in, and clean sheets that I helped her put on the bed, and then we went out to the bar and sat together at a table in the dark drinking a little bourbon as a nightcap. Tucked into the corner, invisible from the street, Norma folded her body against mine. It was perfect.

We didn’t talk much; there was an easy comfort, a relaxed silence, between us. We didn’t need to say anything to know that everything was good.

It was nearly 4 in the morning by the time Norma pulled my clothes out of the dryer, still warm, and handed them to me. I was reluctant to get dressed

"It would definitely signify that the evening had ended. But as she watched me balancing on one leg and hopping into my pants, she said, “Do you want to come over?”

“Pardon?”

“That is, I’m going to be sleeping at home all day,” she said. “And then coming back in the evening to prep for another night of work. But if you wanted to come...come sleep with me...”

She could probably tell from the look on my face that I was torn. “I really want to,” I said. “But...I have to be at work in a couple hours, and there’s a few things going on today that I should be present for.”

Looking down at her resolute face, trying to remain chipper though she was a bit disappointed, I was sorely tempted to call in sick to work. I might never get this chance again. She wanted me to stay a little longer, to linger...we wouldn’t have to break the spell yet...

But, I concluded, we had already. This evening had been perfect. If she took me home, there were all kinds of opportunities for her opinion of me to sour. I might snore, or embarrass myself. She’d be there for my morning breath and the stink of alcohol as I sweat it out overnight. Better to put a bow on the evening, keep it as pristine as possible. Leave her with only good memories.

I kissed her deeply, knowing it would be the last. “This was...incredible. All of it. Thank you, so much.”

She kissed me back. “Will I see you tonight?”

“Yes,” I said. “Definitely.”

I'd sit at the bar, with all of the other guys who had bedded her once and were drooling for it to happen again, and they'd greet me with jealousy, and solidarity, because we were all the same. A peanut gallery, ready to turn good-naturedly on any future guy she set her sights on. We all wanted Norma. We all loved Norma. But we’d also never stand in the way of her happiness. I’d watch from afar and cheer her on even if I never got to touch her, kiss her, piss inside her, ever again.

We kissed again and I took my leave, trying to fix her dreamy expression in my memory. I didn’t even try to get any sleep that night. I was so high on Norma, so giddy in reminiscence, that I floated through the next few hours. Everything at work seemed to go quickly and easily. People commented that I seemed like I was in a good mood. But in actuality, I felt melancholy at my core. I had one of the best nights of my life...and it was already over. Nothing left but memories. Although they were incredible ones.

After I got home from work, the nerves hit. I felt a little swooping in my stomach. It was hitting me that I would see Norma again tonight. That she might wink at me. Remind me about last night. But I might also have to watch her flirting with some other guy. Getting close to naked. Sending me home while she locks up, with him still sitting at the bar, waiting for her to get off work.

Damn.

I dressed a little nicer than I usually did, that night. I didn’t typically spend so much time preening in front of the mirror before an evening out, but...I found myself wanting to look my best.

I took a deep breath before I walked in to the bar. Psyching myself out about Norma, I had lingered at home, having a glass - or two - before coming out. I hadn’t “pre-gamed” since I was in college. So things were in full swing by the time I walked through the door. She was already doing body shots for a table at the other side of the room.

So I sauntered in and took my usual place at the bar and waited for Norma to come over and take my order. I was just listening to the cheers of some table behind me, wondering what young man had his face buried in her rack, when suddenly I heard her voice in my ear.

“You’re here!” she exclaimed, and when I turned my stool towards her, she stood on tip-toes to put her arms around my neck, and planted a big kiss on my mouth.

For a moment, I just gaped at her - the guys at the counter a few feet away gaped as well - but Norma just looked smug. “What took you so long?”

“Oh, you know,” I said faintly. “I had some work to do. Made it as quick as I could.”

“You look nice,” she said, tugging at my belt, admiring my whole ensemble. “Dressed up a little? Just for me?”

“Well, I-” I was going to deflect, but I saw her face beaming at me, looking for all the world like she was just a smitten schoolgirl flirting with her boyfriend. So I decided to be honest. “Yes. I wanted to look good for you.”

She leaned in and murmured against my lips, “You did a great job.”

With a surreptitious squeeze of my bulge, she pulled away and said, more conversationally, “The usual?”

“Yes, please.”

She brought it out quickly, then returned to circle the floor. I sipped at it, trying to avoid meeting the stares of the guys at the bar around me, who were probably wondering how the hell I had gotten lucky two nights in a row.

I barely knew, myself.

But she wasn’t leading me on.

Norma flirted with me all night, supplying me with steady drinks and shots. (In return, I kept her tip jar well-filled.) Like she had the night before, she led me into the back for her bathroom break, and again I crouched in front of her and drank deeply, directly from the source, while she spilled herself entirely into my waiting mouth.

But it wasn’t until we were alone together, at the end of the night, with the doors locked and the floor swept and the lights dimmed, with Norma wiping down the counters and me nursing a drink, that I finally said it. “So...I’m not a man that needs everything defined up front but...I would like to know a little bit about what to expect.”

“What do you mean?”

“This. Us. Me. What you think of me.”

“I like you,” she smiled. “Does that help?”

“Yes...and no,” I hedged. “Are you going to keep liking me?”

She laughed. “I can’t answer that, hon.”

“Those other guys in here, though...”

“What about them?”

“Well...you’ve left a fair number of...broken hearts,” I said delicately.

She shrugged. “We had fun together. I’m always up for fun. And I’m usually game to try anything, or anybody, once. It’s a shame it didn’t work out.”

“Why didn’t it work out, though?”

She looked thoughtful, gazing towards the ceiling, rag paused on the counter. “I don’t know. We just didn’t jive.”

“What about us?” I hazarded.

Norma grinned. “We jive.”

I felt my heart lift slightly. “Yeah?”

“Yeah.”

“You saying I’m...” I squinted at her through the tipsiness. “Saying I’m different from the other guys out there?”

“Yeah,” she squared her shoulders. “Guessing I am. That okay with you?”

“S’okay with me.”

“You gonna keep asking me silly questions or are you gonna come back with me and drink my piss?” she challenged. “Cause I really have to go.”

I just held out my hand mutely, ready for her to take it and tug me along.

Her grin widened. “Good boy.”

And she took it.

