First Sighting
	(The early years)
Author: Cyberius (1998'01) mf P#084

Can't quite remember how old I was the first time I witnessed a girl wetting her self. I must have been around 5. A girl in my class, who I remember to be quite good looking, had a problem with her bladder. A problem that she was not all too proud of. She even had clean clothes with her in case she happened to have an accident.

Our toilets were outside and a good distance from the main building. We had a rule that if you wanted to go to the toilet, you did so in the break between classes. Many times you didn't have to go then, so you didn't. At the end of a class you could often see girls and boys squirming around on their chairs just waiting for the bell to ring. Many times you could see a trail of urine leading from a classroom to the toilets. Other times you could see that the person never made it too the toilets.

On this particular day we were about half way through a class when I noticed that the girl with the bladder problem (Kate I think her name was) couldn't sit still for very long. After a few moments sitting in one position she changed to another. I remember this because she was sitting behind me to the left. I only had to look slightly to the left to see that she was moving about. After a short while she raised her hand and asked if she could go to the toilet. The teacher, a bitter sourpuss of an old woman, told her that she should have done her business before the class, and no she could not go to the toilet. One could clearly see the disappointment in her face as she sat down again.

It didn't take long before she started to squirm about on her chair. From where I was sitting I could see straight up her short dark blue skirt and see her white pants. A few moments more of squirming about passed and she started to put her hand between her legs and pressing her thighs together. At this point I couldn't keep my eyes off her crotch. She really was starting to look desperate now. She raised her hand again and asked again in a voice that was obviously strained and panicky if she please could go to the loo. The teacher replied that she would have to hold herself another few minutes till the bell rang. She said that she was not sure if she could hold on much longer. The teacher replied dryly that she would just have too. She sat down and immediately started to squirm about.

Her skirt was wiggling its way higher and higher up. Giving me a better and better view of her crotch. I could hear her moaning ever so gently and this excited me. At that time it didn't excite me sexually, but it excited me to see a girl squirming around in shear desperation. After a few small minutes she stopped said "oh no...." and started to cry. Her white pants suddenly erupted with a yellow liquid. It came out so fast that it almost looked like a water pistol shot. She sobbed and sobbed and the puddle around her legs grew larger and larger. I remember the teacher telling us to put our feet up so they didn't get wet.I really felt sorry for the girl and also excited about the sight I had seen. I wanted to go over to her and comfort her, but boys weren't supposed to touch girls at my school.

When the yellow liquid finally stopped cascading down her legs the teacher told her to clean herself up, but to get the janitor first so that she could have a clean floor. Slowly and with bent legs she got her bag and went to the toilets to change. The janitor came and cleaned the mess away and we went out for a break.

That was the first time I had seen a girl wet her pants. But not the last......

