The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (7-9)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'08)

Debbie seven 

Dear Aquavite,

Wetting my panties for you made me feel a little weird and very nervous. If I get the nerve, I may try it again some day if you want.

Poor poor Sara. Does she wet her panties every morning? Did you tell her how lucky she is that she doesn't get spanked? Have you ever purposely not let her get to the toilet so that she'd have an accident? I bet that would be fun for you right?

Oh and my tennis class was great. I wore the black skirt and white silk bikini panties. I purposely wore my skirt a little higher than ususal so that the bottom of my white panties were peaking through when I just stood normally. I felt a little nervous wearing my skirt that high and knowing that my panties were showing all the time but I did it because that way I knew that when I bend over the guys would be able to see alot and I think they did. I didn't wet myself though, sorry

###

Debbie eight

Dear Aqua,

Its lunchtime here and I got your letter and wanted to write you to let you know what I think about the pictures OK?

Jane Seymore: Yes I think that's defintely her panties! And the picture looks like some kind of publicity photo. I think that's so great that she's feminine enough to wear her panties under her tennis skirt and then to take a picture so her fans can see her panties too. I'll never again question whether I should wear panties under my tennis skirt because I know Jane Seymore and Steffi Graf do. Don't you think thats great that they're feminine enough to do that? I bet Jane Seymore is like me and believes that were supposed to be like little girls around men and let them see our legs and our panties don't you? Because if she didn't I don't think she would have posed like that. Do you have any other pictures of her in her panties?

[Debbie comments on pictures I email her.]

Beach 12: [Joanne on the beach in her panties.] Wow, Joanne looks like she's so pretty. She looks like she has are a really nice body and even I think she looks pretty sexy wearing just her panties on the beach. Does she ever wear her silk panties to the beach and do you have pictures of that because the times I've undressed to my panties on the beach I think I've been wearing silk or nylon.

FR01: [Sara sitting in a short skirt in public, her panties showing.] This may be my favorite picture of all because Sara looks so cute in her short skirt with her white cotton panties innocently showing and everyone can see and she doesn't even know it. I bet people must see my panties like that to and I don't even know it.

SUZI13M: [A woman sitting on a bike wetting her white cotton panties, skirt pulled up.] The picture of the girl on the bike is great. Is she lifting her dress so that only her panties get wet? Is she also wearing some kinda white top that covers alot of her panties? Do you know why she was wetting her panties? Was she desperate or did she do it on purpose?

SUZI5F: [A woman wetting her yellow nylon over the toilet.] I didn't like this one because her panties aren't very cute at all. Seeing pictures of a girl in her panties or wetting them isn't really a turn on for me. What I like is knowing that a cute girl's cute little girlish panties are innocently showing and she doesn't know it (just like Sara) or because she was having an accident and had no other choice but to lift her dress or skirt and show her panties so that only her panties would get wet. I think I like that probably because thats what happens to me. Do you have any pictures of Sara or Joanne wetting there panties because they were desperate and had to lift there skirt and show their panties?

SUZI7I: [A woman peeing in her white cotton panties.] Is this the same girl? Her panties look cuter here. Do you know why she was wetting her panties? And how did you get all these pictures of girls wetting there panties? Were you just there at the right time when they lifted there skirts and started going?

So thats what I liked and didn't like about the pictures you sent.

I thought about you this weekend because Dave and I went to see The Rock and there was a preview of a movie called Stealing Beauty and it showed a young pretty girl in a short lightweight dress like the ones I wear and she was being chased and fell down and her dress flew up and you could see her white cotton bikini panties and it made me think of you and how you'd like that. 

I'd better go.

###

Debbie nine

Dear Aqua,

I just got your letter and the pictures. When I read about how you'd take me to that beach I started to get real turned on. I really liked that! You pick out my dress, bra, and panties and then make me let people look up my dress at my panties and then I take my dress off and then my bra off and I'm just in my panties and you take pictures and everyone watches. I loved it so much that it started to make me wet. And on the way to the beach are you gonna take advantage of me and slide my dress up in the car and start touching me through my panties until there wet and then stop at the gas station and take me into the mens room and undress me down to my bra and panties and touch me even more with other guys watching and then lift my dress in the parking lot with other guys watching?

And if I'm gonna be topless in just my panties with you at the beach what will you be wearing? Are you gonna fully clothed or in your underwear? And what kind of underwear would it be? Or would you be bottomless?! Either way I bet I'd be totally wet if I saw you lying next to me on the beach in just your underwear or nothing at all. Especially if I could see you were aroused. And then maybe when no one was looking I could stick my hand down your underpants and make you wet them! Or did you have in mind that we'd go to a regular beach and you'd wear your bathing suit or be fully clothed but make me strip down to just my panties with everyone watching?!

I think I like that even better! And if I told you I really had to use the little girls room would you let me go or would you make me stand there and wet my panties infront of you and all those people? I want you to tell me in detail exactly what you'd make me wear (color dress, how short, bra, style of panties, lace, bows, flowers?) and where we'd go and what we'd do on the way and what you'd be wearing and what you'd make me do in public, OK? Be real descriptive. This will be fun!

Poor Sara. I think she wets the bed more than I do. I'll write about me wetting the bed when I have more time OK? It used to kinda bother me a little but now I like it that all this turns you on. Just curious but do you masturbate after reading my letters or thinking about me? If so, what are you thinking about me doing when you masterbate?

Those don't look like little girlish panties to me that Suzi's wearing. When I think of little girlish panties I think of cute frilly lace along the sides and top, bows infront, flowers or hearts or pokadots. Maybe thats because thats what my mom used ot buy for me so thats what I always used to wear. And Dave still dresses me that way today to which I like.

I thought you didn't like hearing about the times I got spanked. OK then I'll tell you about the times I wet my panties and got spanked which will be easier because everytime Dave finds out I had an accident he spanks me.

Yes I keep the pictures on my PC at work but only the ones I like. The others I've already deleted. I kept the pictures of Joanne and Sara and the girl on the bike and jane Seymore and the cute girl in the cute white panties. I already saw the picture of Joanne. Her bra looks real cute. I think that's so great that she feels feminine enough to wear her bra and panties to the beach. And girls bathing suits are so expensive so its really smart to.

I love BEACH33!! [A girl in just her panties beginning to sit up.] Its my favorite picture so far! Even better than my other favorites of Jane Seymore and Sara tieing her shoes. Her panties are so cute and are exactly what I wear. White string bikini with flowers! They look so cute on her and she doesn't even know that you're looking! And she even kinda looks like me, at least her hair does. I can't see her face. Do you know her too? Does she wet her panties like Sara and Joanne? Is that what you'd make me strip down to at the regular beach?! Shame on you for taking advantage of me like that!

I better go because I'm still at work and now I'm really late and I get in trouble with Dave when I get home late. 
