A desperate hike

Author: J.E. Hart

Rachel awoke Saturday morning excited for the day she had ahead of her. She and two of her best friends planned an allday hike up a local mountain trail. She hadn’t seen either of her friends for the last couple of months due to work and other constraints, so they were going to have a lot to talk about once they met up.

The 25-year-old started the day off right with a piping hot cup of coffee. She made enough to put in a thermos for the hike, since she wouldn’t exactly be able to stop on the trail and order any.

While she drank her coffee, she got dressed in the clothes she had set out the previous day: black yoga pants and a green fleece pullover that complemented her olive skin. She brushed out her thick, black hair, and braided it so it wouldn’t get in the way, then she found hiking socks that were padded and comfortable for all the walking she would be doing today.

Rachel didn’t have to leave her apartment until 9 am, so she spent the next half-hour packing up snacks, filling a water bottle with ice-cold water, and making sure she had everything she would need over the next several hours.

Right before she left to meet her friends at the start of the trail, she took one last bathroom break. The only thing Rachel was worried about today was how she was going to use the bathroom on the trail. Obviously she would just have to go off to one side and find a secluded area to pee on the ground, but it was more difficult than that for her.

Rachel was bladder shy, and even around her friends she had trouble peeing. It had caused her problems before, which were whole other stories. If peeing inside a toilet stall was hard enough, peeing out in the open where strangers could potentially see and hear her was much, much worse. She had to push that fear far back into her mind and just not worry about it, though. This was going to be a fun day with friends and she wasn’t going to let something as trivial as that get in the way.

###

Rachel arrived at the parking area for the trail and instantly saw both Dannie and Corinne waiting for her. They waved her down and as soon as she was parked, she got out and hugged them.

“It’s so great to see you guys again!” she cried.

“I know, it’s been so long!” Dannie said. “I couldn't believe when I saw Corinne with her new haircut.”

Corinne was easily the prettiest girl of the group. She had tanned skin, hazel eyes, and wavy dark hair that now fell just past her chin.

“Oh, my God, it looks so good on you,” Rachel said.

Dannie agreed by nodding her head. “She looks better than either of us ever will.”

With a laugh, she tossed her light brown hair behind her shoulders. Her brown eyes sparkled and the dimples around her mouth emerged with her smile.

“Well, should we get going?” Corinne suggested. “It’s going to be a long hike, and if we want to make it to the top today we’ll have to start now.”

All three of the women got their backpacks full of food, drinks, and emergency equipment out of their cars. Rachel strapped hers on and she was ready to go.

She had been exercising regularly at her gym in preparation for this hike, so she felt confident in her abilities today.

As she buckled the pack near her lower waist, she felt a pang in her bladder. That was the one thing she wasn’t confident about. Maybe she shouldn’t have had that coffee before she left...

“...So, I told him that I would be busy today and couldn’t spend the night at his house, and that seemed to put him off for the rest of the date. It was really awkward.” Rachel snapped out of her wallowing to listen to Dannie’s story about her date from the evening before.

###

The first mile of the hike was fairly uneventful. They met a few people along the trail, but it was largely quiet. Rachel kept taking drinks from her water bottle to stay hydrated, as the air was pretty dry, especially as they climbed higher up the path. Within the first half-hour, Corinne stopped the other two so they could pull away from the trail briefly.

“I had way too much coffee this morning,” she confessed, laughing. “Does this look like a good spot to go?” She pointed to an area behind trees that concealed it from the main trail.

“It looks as good as it’s going to get,” Dannie said.

Rachel nodded in agreement. “It’s actually not bad.”

“Okay, then, I guess I’ll go here.” Corinne started to walk into the secluded area. “Don’t watch me!” she teased.

After Corinne reemerged from her makeshift bathroom, Dannie announced that she, too, was going to take the opportunity to pee.

“Rachel, after I go, you can have the spot too.” Rachel felt her heartbeat quicken and her palms began to sweat.

She did have to pee from the coffee earlier and now the water she had been slowly drinking, but she honestly wasn’t sure if she could make herself go with her friends waiting for her.

Dannie came back and Rachel went into the wooded area, knowing that if she didn’t, it would seem strange to her friends. When she got to a place that seemed good enough, she pulled her yoga pants down and squatted, hoping her stream would just start. Her bladder ached, but nothing came out. Tears began to form in the corners of her eyes and she willed herself to pee.

“Come on,” she encouraged herself quietly. “You can do it.”

A tiny trickle started, and for a few seconds Rachel felt relief. She stopped worrying too soon, though, and her stream quickly died down into drips again, her bladder contracting in protest.

Once she was convinced that she wasn’t going to pee anymore right now, she stood up and made her way back to the trail. She wasn’t sure how long she had been gone, but she hoped it wasn’t a suspiciously long time.

“Well, now that we all feel so much better, shall we continue?” Corinne suggested.

Rachel didn’t feel any better. In fact, she felt worse having gotten a taste of relief before her pee hole clamped shut again. Now it was throbbing and she could feel a persistent weight in her bladder. She wanted to stop drinking water, but she knew she would regret later if she got dehydrated.

Another hour into the trail and Rachel decided to suggest that they stop for lunch. The other two agreed wholeheartedly and they found some big rocks to sit down on.

“I’m starving!" Dannie announced. “What did you guys bring?”

“I brought some pasta I made yesterday/’ Corinne said, taking a plastic container full of food out of her backpack. “I also brought some sodas in case anyone’s interested.”

“Isn’t that counterintuitive for staying hydrated?” Rachel laughed. “I mean, of course, but it’s our first lunch together in ages! We wanna enjoy what we’re eating and drinking.”

Now that she was settled in having lunch with her two best friends, Rachel had temporarily forgotten about her growing desperation. She gladly accepted the soda and brought out her own thermos of coffee to share.

The trail was getting busier now that it was later in the day, and several people passed by the girls on their way up.

After lunch, they decided to take another bathroom break since they had all consumed a large amount of liquids, and then they would get back to hiking. They still planned on finishing the trail today.

Rachel was the last to try to pee again, but with more people on the trail, she could hear talking from where she was. She was really starting to get desperate, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t get even one drop out. It was frustrating, especially when her friends were able to pee so easily and freely.

When she came back from her attempt at peeing, Dannie noticed how flustered she looked. “Are you okay?”

Rachel blushed. “Yeah, I’m just hot, I guess. I’m running out of water so I’m trying to conserve it for when the trail really starts to get steep.”

“I have a huge water bottle.” Corinne gestured at it. “Do you want some of my water?”

“Oh, um, sure,” Rachel replied. She opened her bottle and Corinne poured some of hers in, getting it to about half-full again.

“Just let me know if you need more.”

Part of Rachel regretted doing that, even though she was worried about how little water she had left. Now her friends would be looking out for her and making sure she drank enough, which was torture for her stretched bladder.

Walking up the hiking trail was getting increasingly difficult. In her preparation for the hike, Rachel had not accounted for an overfull bladder, which made each step ten times more difficult. She had to be careful not to alert Dannie and Corinne of her problem, though, so she acted like everything was fine while she clenched her fists and squeezed her pelvic muscles.

In all her excursions with these two, she had never needed to pee so badly. She had moments that almost ended in disaster, but she never had such serious problems so early into a trip. She was beginning to doubt her ability to hold it, and she had learned to be good at holding her pee.

They were about two-thirds to the top of the trail when Rachel had her first leak. Everyone was laughing and the path was steep, but fairly smooth and easy to climb up. Rachel laughed a bit too hard while pushing up the incline and felt a drop of urine dampen her underwear, which had thus far remained dry. She immediately stopped laughing and clamped her pee hole shut with her muscles. The other two noticed how quiet she had gotten suddenly and Corinne asked her if anything was wrong.

"No, I just almost tripped," she lied. "I hit a rock with my shoe and it threw me off a little." Corinne and Dannie accepted the story without question, and they continued their conversation. Rachel joined in again, except this time she was much more attentive to her bladder being jostled around.

They made it to the top without Rachel having any further leaks, but she came close several times. She was pretty sure she couldn't stand without hunching over any more because of the volume of pee in her bladder, so she was grateful to sit down and enjoy the view.

"It's really gorgeous up here," Dannie began, "but God, I have to piss so bad."

"Why didn't you go earlier on the trail?" Corinne asked, chuckling.

"I didn't want to stop. We had gotten such a good momentum, and I really just wanted to get to the end of the hike. Let's hurry so we can go back down soon."

As if to prove her point, she bounced around and crossed her legs. Rachel wanted to do the same, but there were a lot of people at the top and she didn't want to embarrass herself in front of strangers, nor did she want her friends to know that she hadn't peed the entire trip up.

"Can I at least eat a snack first?" Corinne asked. "I have a granola bar that will just take a few minutes to eat."

"Okay, but hurry!" Dannie laughed again and sat down next to Rachel, who had crossed her legs and was jiggling the one on top. "Do you have to pee too?" she asked Rachel.

Rachel jumped. "What? No! I'm fine."

"Oh, okay. It just looks like you're restless or something."

"I just want to start the hike back down. We don't want to be too late getting back."

Dannie nodded and shifted around on her seat. Now that Rachel had lied again and boxed herself into another corner, she probably wouldn't have another chance to even try peeing for a while.

As Corinne promised, she hurried to eat her granola bar and they started the journey back down the trail, which was a lot bouncier because of the downhill momentum. Rachel hadn't thought about that, and quickly realized that it was going to become a problem when she dribbled pee after the first few yards of walking.

"Let's stop here," Dannie said abruptly.

"Why? There's bound to be a better place to go just a little farther," Corinne replied.

Dannie leaned in close to the other two girls. "I just leaked in my underwear," she confessed in a whisper.

Corinne giggled. "Fine, we'll stop here, then. Hurry, though, some stranger might see you if you're not quick."

Dannie did indeed hurry and came back just a couple minutes later with a satisfied smile on her face. They continued down the path walking faster than Rachel felt comfortable, purely from her bladder being bounced around. She was determined to make it back to her house, though, where she could pee in peace.

That goal proved to be increasingly difficult, as around halfway down the trail, the women hit a very slick patch of ground. Rachel's foot lost hold of the dirt and she fell onto her ass and slid a couple of feet, much to the horror of the other two.

Her eyes widened as she felt the impact of hitting the ground and a stream of pee began to hiss into her underwear. Without caring what anyone else might think, she shoved her hand into her crotch, stemming the flow with her fingers. She had peed so much just now, the outside of her yoga pants had a tiny wet patch. Fortunately, it couldn't really be seen, but now her underwear were soaked through and she couldn't count on those catching anymore leaks.

"Are you okay?" Corinne asked worriedly, crouching down beside Rachel.

Rachel quickly moved her hand away from her pants. "I think so. It was just a shock."

Corinne nodded and offered to help her up. She accepted, and slowly she rose to her feet, taking special care to not leak again.

"Make sure everything feels okay and nothing hurts," Dannie said.

Rachel's bladder hurt, but beyond that, she didn't feel any pain.

Until she tried to walk.

"Ouch!" A sharp pain shot through her right foot. "I think I might have twisted my ankle or something."

Corinne gasped. "Do you think you can walk the rest of the way down the trail? We can help you."

"Let's try," Rachel said.

###

Between her raging need to pee and her injured foot, the rest of the journey down was miserable for Rachel. Limping made it even harder on her poor bladder, and she could feel her pee hole trembling at the sheer volume of urine it was holding back.

They did get all the way down to the beginning of the trail without further incident, but now there was a new problem: Rachel wasn't sure she would be able to drive home with her hurt foot.

"Do you want me to drive you to urgent care, or even just back home for now?" Dannie asked.

"Maybe that would be best." Rachel tested putting weight on her foot, which didn't feel broken, but was still bad enough to make her hesitant to drive. A twinge in her bladder made her quickly come to a decision on what to do.

"If you could just take me home, that would be great. I'll make an appointment with my doctor later if I need to."

"Why don't you take Rachel's car back to her house," Corinne suggested to Dannie, "and I'll follow you and take you back here to pick up your car."

"Oh, guys, I really feel bad about today. This is so much trouble," Rachel whined.

"Nonsense! It's an adventure," Dannie laughed. "We'll talk about it for years to come. I just hope that your foot isn't that hurt after all."

Rachel agreed and she and Dannie got into her car to go back home. Unlike before when she found some relief in sitting, it was now considerably less comfortable for Rachel. Her bladder bulged out in front of her and got squished painfully when she squeezed herself into the car.

###

The drive home was agonizing for her. She couldn't move both legs because of her twisted ankle, so she resorted to just bouncing one while trying to be discreet. Because Dannie was driving and didn't seem to be paying attention to what Rachel was doing, she pressed her hand into her crotch to relieve some pressure. It helped temporarily.

As soon as Dannie pulled up to Rachel's house, she started to get out of the car.

"Well-" she began, but was cut off by Dannie.

"I'll help you get into your house if you want."

"Oh, uh, sure, that would be great."

Rachel moaned under her breath. It was really sweet of Dannie to be so concerned about her, and normally she would be grateful for such a wonderful friend. But today was exactly the wrong day for this kind of concern.

Dannie got out and helped Rachel to the door. Corinne pulled up and got out too, presumably to help.

"Why don't you get yourself propped up on the couch and I'll make you a nice cup of tea?" sje offered.

Rachel limped over to the couch. Her ankle was already feeling a little better, but her bladder was getting much worse. She felt ready to burst, and the doting on her from her friends wasn't helping.

She slowly lowered herself down, feeling a small dribble of pee leak into her underwear as she clenched her muscles desperately.

Corinne went to make tea and Dannie got a blanket and placed it over Rachel. She smiled at Dannie, but inside she was screaming. She had to stay perfectly still as Dannie tucked the blanket around her, stretching it around her bulging, overfilled bladder.

There was a silver lining with the blanket, and that was that she could finally hold her crotch uninhibited because it was fully concealed. Still, holding was becoming less and less helpful.

###

Once Dannie joined Corinne in the kitchen, Rachel lifted her yoga pants and underwear with one hand and pressed her fingers directly onto her pee hole with the other. It was a kind of relief she had only dreamed of over the last few hours, making her squeeze her eyes shut and sigh. What she really wanted to do was let the contents of her bladder explode into a hot torrent of pee in the privacy of her own bathroom, but that would have to wait just a few minutes until she was finally alone.

"Here's your tea, dear," Corinne said, setting a mug of piping hot tea on the table next to Rachel.

"Thanks," Rachel smiled, erasing her fantasy from her mind for the time being. Instead of saying that she was leaving, Corinne sat down next to Rachel and Dannie joined her.

"That was a pretty fun hike, wasn't it?" Dannie said. "I mean, until you fell, of course." She gestured at Rachel and smiled sympathetically.

"Yeah, it was actually nice to get out with you girls again," Rachel agreed.

She wiggled her toes under the blanket and gripped her pee hole harder, waiting impatiently for the two to leave.

"We'll have to get together again once your foot's better," Corinne added. "Except maybe this time we'll do something a little less dangerous, like just go out for lunch."

Corinne and Dannie stuck around far longer than Rachel had hoped. Finally, when she was at her absolute bursting point, they got up and said that they were leaving and they would call her later to make sure she was doing all right.

"Just let us know if you need anything and one of us can hop on over," Corinne said.

"Thanks, guys. I should be fine. My ankle is feeling better just from resting, I think." Rachel clenched her jaw and balled her free fist up as her friends slowly went out her door and drove off.

###

The moment Rachel was alone, she sat up as straight as she could without bothering her swollen bladder and flung the blanket off her.

With a couple more leaks during the time Corinne and Dannie were at her house, she could feel a wet patch on her yoga pants again.

Feeling the wetness made her want to pee even more, so she carefully got up and tried putting weight on her injured foot. It seemed okay for her to limp on, so she hobbled through the living room, holding her crotch the entire way.

The tea Corinne made Rachel had found its way into her bladder at this point, which was a serious problem. If she had been bursting before, her bladder was in critical condition now. Holding her pee hole even as tightly as she was now was barely easing some of the pressure. Her pee had nowhere else to go but out now that her bladder was stretched to its limits.

The bathroom seemed so close, but still so far away. Limping made it harder for Rachel to walk at an even pace, and it was even worse being nearly doubled over and trying to walk.

"Come on, just a little farther," she tried to encourage herself. "I know I can make it."

She lost a long spurt of pee that dribbled into her hand, making her heart drop and she clamped her legs shut. One more leak and she knew she was done for, so she tentatively started walking again, keeping her legs as close together as she could without tripping over her own feet.

With the door to the bathroom in sight, Rachel could feel her muscles growing weary. She just had a few more feet to go, and then she would be home free, but it seemed an almost impossible feat.

By now the wet patch on her pants had begun to spread down the inside of her legs, and she still had a ton of pee left in her. The leaks hadn't relieved any pressure at all.

She had to stop again right in front of the bathroom to prevent another leak. Her pee hole quivered and she twisted her legs into a pretzel, trying to balance being careful with her ankle with not letting any pee come out. She screwed her face up, groaned, and untangled her legs once she was in control again.

Finally, Rachel had made it to the toilet. It sat there in front of her in all its white, porcelain glory, beckoning her to sit down and empty her day's worth of pee. But before she could do that, she still had a few barriers to get through. Since she could feel another spurt ready to come out, she knew she had to be fast.

Rachel bent over far enough to reach the toilet lid and flung it up, and then in one swift motion, she pulled her pants down and spun around on her good foot, throwing herself onto the toilet seat. As soon as her pants came down, pee began spraying out of her. It gushed onto the floor before she could get herself over the toilet, and once she was sitting down, it continued to flow out like a waterfall. The sound of urine hitting the water was immensely satisfying and Rachel closed her eyes and sighed, enjoying the feeling of emptying her bladder after all those hours of holding. She hadn't managed to get her underwear down in time, but they were already soaked before. She just drenched them further as the stream of pee broke past them, causing the wetness to spread all the way to the front and back. Her stream of pee got caught up on the fabric and pooled around her legs, causing her entire crotch to feel hot.

Rachel fully emptied the contents of her bladder and sat on the toilet for a few moments longer to gather herself after such an intense experience. When she stood up, she looked at the bowl and saw that the water level had been raised slightly from the sheer amount of pee she had inside her.

With bright eyes and rosy cheeks, she kept her wet underwear on until they were no longer warm and were growing cold and uncomfortable. She changed her clothes out for some dry ones before heading back to the coziness of her couch.

She could already tell that because of her weakened bladder, she would need to pee again soon. But all that mattered right now was how good she felt after her amazing, pee-filled adventure.

