Friends: Part 3 

By Fred (2007-05-27) V#19047

Thanks to all who left positive or constructive feedback for the first 2 stories in this series

Here is the 3rd one. As always, your feedback, or suggestions for future plotlines is always welcomed

Friends 3:

“I can’t believe Ross is still with that bitch” sighed Rachel, as she lay sprawled on the sofa, helping herself to liberal hanfuls of Doritos. 

“Will you get over it, please” implored Monica. “She still thinks you like her”.

“I know, that’s what makes it so bad” she said “look at this”

“Oh, wow..like a party invitation..so cool” exclaimed Phoebe, opening the mail. “It’s from Bonnie. We gotta go Rach, I love a good party”.

“But if i go, i’ll have to endure the sight of her and Ross smooching, and who knows what i might do” came Rachel’s response.

“Well, i think you should go” said Monica, smiling to herself, “and here’s why...”

Bonnie had been really enjoying her party.Everyone was having a good time, even Monica and Rachel, who she’d been a bit worried about. She knew of Rachel and Ross’s past and could only be thankful that Rachel was mature and responsible enough not to harbour grudges.

She noticed Rachel coming her way, and gazed at her short black skirt , black pantyhose and tight pale yellow top (with no bra underneath) and knew why Rachel had been such a popular guest that evening. She glanced at Monica who had on a full length black dress and a white waistcoat (vest) over the top and felt somewhat underdressed in her tight blue jeans and white t-shirt, but she was getting her hsare of glances, going braless had assured that.

“More champagene” Bonnie asked, “Oh don’t talk about drink” grinned Rachel, “ I really have to use the bathroom. Where is it?”

“Upstairs on your left, you can’t miss it “ replied Bonnie and Rachel left taking little-girl steps as she did.

“Looks like she really has to go” said Bonnie ,

“Hope she makes it” said Monica. “Great party by the way. Hey, your glass is empty, can i fill it for you”

“Thanks “ replied Bonnie, “I’d better mingle”

As Bonnie walked away, Monica glanced around , and then darted upstairs..

She tried the first door on the left, and it opened to reveal Rachel.

She was crouched, skirt lifted and pantyhose and white knickers down, and was peeing into Bonnie’s underwear drawer.

“Rachel” said Monica pretending to be shocked

“Well, she did say upstairs on the left” grinned Rachel, “I guess this is the bathroom”.

Monica watched as the golden wee soaked the delicate lace and cotton  panties.

Quickly she brought over Bonnie’s glass. “Bonnie asked me to fill this. Be very careful you don’t accidentally wee in it,...oh, what a shame” she giggled as Rachel sprayed the glass with her own champagne, till it was about one third full.”

Rachel returned her spray to the drawer: “beautiful silk pink ones, mustn’t damage them...oops , what a shame” she laughed to herself.

Monica, meanwhile, had topped up the glass with champagne and stirred well. She brought it to Bonnie, who took a big gulp:

“Hmmm, not so sure about this one” she said, “bit of an aftertaste”

Monica could barely contain her delight. 

“I think i should use the little girl’s room too” said Bonnie,

“Oh..I’d wait a sec, there was someone waiting after Rachel” bluffed Monica

“tell you what i’ll go up, and tell you when the coast’s clear. You’re the hostess you mingle. And drink up, that’s quality champagne.”

Bonnie took anothe swig:

“I suppose it does have something” she remarked,

“you said it” said the retreating Monica. She opened the door to the bedroom, Ravhel had redressed and was pretending to be just looking round:

“She drank it!!” laughed Monica. “Champagne from chateau Rachel and she drank it. You’ve made her drink your wee, and you’ve pissed all over her beautiful underwear, what a triumph!!”

Rachel said nothing, but gestured behind the door.

Monica stepped into the room, closing the door behind her, and saw Phoebe sitting on the bed:

“Hi Phoebe” she mumbled,

“Hey, you like a bit of fun, don’t you...”

Phoebe feigned indignation: “I can’t believe you , like,did that to Bonnie..it is so..unnice. I’m going to tell Bonnie.”

“You can’t” said Rachel, “she’ll want some sort of revenge and..wait a minute. You just want to see us get wee-d on”

“Oh, how can you say that” mocked Phoebe, “It is purely my sense of justice and fairplay. I assure you i will get no pleasure at all from seeing you soaked”.

She dashed out to find Bonnie.

“Now it’s only her word against ours , if we stick together, she can’t prove anything” said Rachel. “Solidarity is the key”.

Phoebe had taken Bonnie forn the bathroon queue reluctantly, and led her to her bedroom.

“I hope this is important Phoebe, i really need a wee” said Bonnie, but then listened enraptured as Phoebe spilled the beans.

“Is this true?” she asked Rachel.

“No, of course not” she said, “is it Monica”

“I’m afraid it is” said Monica, thrilled she’d witness her friend being pissed over

“i saw her peeing on your underwear, and even told her not to pee in your glass..”

“But But you were being sarcastic, it was your idea..You bitch, Monica” wailed Rachel as Phoebe held her down.

Slowly, with malice aforethought, Bonnie undid her tight jeans and wiggled out of them. She pulled down her sexy pink knickers and crouched over Rachel.

“I think you should try chateau Bonnie champagne” shesaid, “It’s pure and undiluted”, she grinned, and Rachel watched the peehole inches above her, hoping against hope until suddenly within a split second she saw and then felt the hot yellow liwuid as it splashed hard over her face. It was warm and powerfull, running into her eyes, over her forehead and down her cheeks:

“Wel, don’t be recalcitrent, try some” said Phoebe “OR WE TELL ROSS”. 

Resignedly Rachel opened her mouth and it swiftly filled with the hot amber wee

“Swallow” orderd Bonnie, and Rachel did and felt her mouth filling again.

Monica giggled openly as Rachel reluctantly drank more and more of the beverage.Then Bonnie ruined Rachel’s expensive shag hairdo, nad then sprayed Rachel’s jumper. Phoebe yanked it off, and Rachel felt her ample tits being sprayed.

Her designer mini got a good soaking, as did her white  panties, revealing her blonde bush, before Bonnie devoted the end of her stream to soaking Rachel’s face again.

Bonnie wiped herself on Rachel’s jumper, and stood up.

“All quits” she said, “ Monica, your story was a bit dodgy, but I don’t think you were the ringleader, so i forgive you.”

“Thanks” beamed Monica

“I suppose Rachel should have the final say, as you did land her in it a bit. But she’s your friend, so i presume...”

Monica looked at her friend

“Soak her” said Rachel

“I’m empty” said Bonnie, 

“Yeah, me too”

“Well, i guess we should...”

“I need to go” piped up Phoebe, “wow, my turn to try this..coool !”

Bonnie held Monica down

“Come on Rachel, it was our plan..ther’s no good gained by both of us being soaked, one of us had to be and you had done the deed, but there’s no need for this.”

“You’re quite right” said Rachel, and Monica smiled at her and begn to get up

“There’s no need for this” continued Rachel, “But there’ll be a great deal of pleasure involved, let her have it Phoebe”

Phoebe stood over Monica, and took off her billowing red skirt and her black undies:

“Let us spray” she giggled, and unleashed a jet of wee all over Monica’s face, 

“Get the dress” encouraged Rachel, and Monica’s most expensive clothing item was soaked bu an obliging Phoebe. 

Rachel grabbed some scissors, and after a couple of cuts, ripped the dress right down the middle and examined it closely: “Don’t worry Mon, i think the stains’ll come out so the dress won’t be ruined unless it was to accidentally get ripped and...oh!” she laughed.

Monica lay in her yellow bra and  panties, and felt her whole body being soaked. Legs, stomach, arms, neck had warm rivers of pee running over them, . and then she was rolled over so she lay in the gathering piss pool, while Bonnie unhooked her bra and Rachel pulled down her  panties. Her back and ass got a good soaking, and then she was turned agin so her tits and pussy could get the same treatment. 

Finally, Rachel tickled her and Phoebe gave Monica a taste of Chateau Phoebe, Barely a mouthful , which Monica had to swallow, and then Phoebe was done.

“Yey me!” said Phoebe.

“You ok Mon?” asked Rachel, “ i got a bit carried away”

“I’m fine” she grinned. “I mean that wasn’t exactly fun, but i did start it”

“Hey, and next time, we’ll have an even better plan” Said Rachel

“Oh yes i hope there’s a next time “ said Phoebe

“I’m sure there won’t be” said Bonnie “we’re all mature sensible adults, who couldn’t possibly enjoy pissing on each other, aren’t we”

The sound of laughter filled the room.
