TV Show desperation
  (f-desp)
Author: Nigel (2000-02-08 at 15:46) #55066

I can't believe I'm the only one to have seen that delightful show “The Priory” on UK Channel 4 last night. It was a repeat showing from a few days ago and it was a desperation lovers dream!

They picked a girl from the audience as they walked into the studio to try and win a holiday. All she had to do was drink three pints of water beforehand and several mugs of tea during, and not go to the loo for the duration of the hour long show. Naturally there was a port-a-loo near her seat if the urge got simply too great and the camera was on her constantly as well as beinging interviewed at various stages during the show to see how she was doing. The prize, if she could hold out was a week long holiday to the Niagra Falls!

All through the show she was biting her lip in anxiety, probably more through nerves, but desperation lovers like me can always dream. With forty minutes to go she confessed to “needing the loo”. With twenty minutes still to go she confessed she was now “desperate”, and there was one magical view of her anguished face and quivering body. All the way through she was sipping more tea and the programme hosts were teasing her with views and sounds of Niagra Falls, dripping taps, running fountains etc.

I've never seen anything so brilliant before on TV and I've watched the video again and again. For the record, no doubt disappointing for any of you panty wetting fans out there, she did make it, I think only just, for as soon as she was handed her tickets she was up and off into the portaloo for a longed for wee!

Did anyone else see it?

