Night on the farm

By: Angel (2012-11-03) O#9835

(sequel to Desperate Date)

Carla drank the remaining tea that was in her mug, got up from the sofa, kissed her aunt and uncle good night, and climbed the stairs to her room. It was late, about midnight, and Carla had spent the evening watching TV with her aunt Kay and her uncle Sam. Two years after her accident with Dave (see part 1), Carla was now a sexy 20-year old, gone to stay for a week at her aunt’s quiet country home while her parent’s were abroad (she could have stayed at home, but her parent’s took the opportunity to do some renovation works while they were away). Life at their farmhouse was peaceful, but it got a bit boring sometimes. She was into her 3rd day as she undressed and put on her pyjamas, a light pink t-shirt and very short black shorts.

Carla was that type of girl who wasn’t extremely prudent when it came to peeing, as was shown by her accident two years ago. Despite her humiliation that day, she’s brushed it off as a one-off freak accident. She only went into the loo when she needed too, and such a practice had served her very well over the years. She didn’t really feel the need for a pee before she got into bed, and thus put out the light without bothering to visit the loo.

She dozed off to sleep and dreamt about herself riding on a horse, jumping over fences and rivers, and there…in front of her, a prince, the guy she’d been waiting for all her life… She woke up with a start. Although she didn’t know what woke her, she felt a throbbing pain in her lower abdomen. Gosh, she really needed to pee. She looked at her clock…it was 4 in the morning. “Shit”, she thought. “Now I have to stay going downstairs (to the only bathroom)”.

She got up, and as she stood up she really felt the pressure on her bladder. “Ouch, I need to go badly”. She held her crotch for a moment, suddenly remembering her accident when she was with Dave some years ago, her humiliation. She opened the door of her room and tiptoed silently down the stairs. She found the bathroom door, put on the light and entered the dimly lit room. She gave a small squeal. Sitting on the closed toilet seat was a large spider, like she’d never seen before. Gosh, these farmhouses really had strange animals! She immediately stepped out of the room.

“What am I to do? I need to pee like a racehorse and a fu….g spider is sitting on the only toilet” she said to herself. Holding her crotch as she thought for a few seconds and doing a pee dance in the middle of the living room, she decided to go back to bed. She couldn’t pee with that thing in the bathroom, and she couldn’t go wake her uncle to tell him about it…she was too desperate to do that and he would surely notice. At least in bed she’d be wrapped up in sheets and she could hold on as much as she wanted without anyone watching. It was 4 am, her uncle usually woke up at 6. He would surely use the bathroom first thing, as most men do, and he would see the spider and remove it. That was her plan. To go to bed and hold on for dear life for two hours. Peeing outside wasn’t an option – there were too many strange animals about, plus the dogs would bark and wake up everyone.

Carla tiptoed up to bed, her hands buried deep inside her crotch. She locked her bedroom door and crept into bed. “Owww, I need to pee soooo bad” she moaned to herself, rubbing her crotch. She started squirming, trying to find a position that would make her more comfortable. She couldn’t and ended up crouching her legs upwards so that they were almost touching her chest, and lay there facing the window. It was a full moon tonight, and she could hear the sound of thousands of crickets lying on the trees. Her bladder was aching; she felt her belly; it was all swollen up like a balloon. “I must look pregnant” she joked to herself, trying to take her mind off her predicament. She was constantly squeezing her crotch in order to aid her bladder to cope with the pressure.

Now and again a squirt escaped, but she managed to contain them before they turned into torrents. Slowly slowly, she began to doze off….She was inside the Bulldog pub, where she usually went with friends, and Jim, the guy that she’d fancied for some time, had just come over to her to ask for a dance. She duly obliged, and they danced…after a few minutes, she realised how badly she needed to go, but she was too shy to tell Jim, so she kept on dancing. Finally, he stopped to talk to someone he knew, and she managed to slip away. By now she was bursting as she looked for the bathroom. She walked up the stairs to the loo and there, in front of her, were about a 100 doors. “Strange, I only remember 2” she thought. She tried the first one…it was a store room. She tried the next…a corridor with around 10 more doors.

“Babe?”. “Shit, Jim’s coming” she thought, doing a little pee dance. She tried the next one…. another store room. She got in and hid behind some boxes. As she crouched, her jeans pressed into her bladder. “Ouch” she said. Then she had an idea. No one could see her where she was, and she really couldn’t wait any longer. She pulled down her jeans, found a small, empty cardboard box, and let go. “Ahh, the relief!”…..

The sound of a car engine roaring woke her up. Dazed, she turned round to look at her clock… 7.30 am. “I must have slept” she thought. As she started coming round, she remembered the previous night. Her bladder was still aching, badly. She tried to get up and her legs touched something wet. Suddenly remembering her dream, she reached down with her hand and felt her shorts….soaking wet. So was her bed.

“Shit, I can’t believe I’ve wet the bed”. Now what was she to do? She couldn’t go downstairs like this! But she really did need to go…she probably had only peed a little bit of what was inside her. The rest was still queuing up, and fast. She though quickly. Her aunt would be on her way to the farmer’s market at around 8. Her uncle wouldn’t be back till sunset, so she could creep out of bed without anyone seeing her, take a much needed pee (“hope the spider is gone”), and hang out her clothes and sheets to dry without anyone noticing. She lay back on the bed and waited for the sound of her aunt’s car starting. “Gosh, I’m bursting”.

After about 15 minutes, Carla was fidgeting wildly. Now that she had woken up, the pressure on her poor, tired bladder returned with a vengeance. After about 5 more minutes, she couldn’t take it any more. Then she had an idea. Her bed was wet anyway, and was going to hang out the sheets to dry later on. “I should just let it all go here” she said to herself. “I really can’t hold on any more”. Covering her stomach with the sheets, she lay back and closed her eyes. “Ok, one, two three”. The pee took a little time to come out because she wasn’t used to peeing herself. However, after a few seconds she felt her crotch getting wetter and wetter, warm damp liquid spraying out of her shorts and down her bare legs. The stream took around a minute to finish, but the relief she felt was immense, although her bladder still ached terribly.

She tried as much as possible to make herself comfortable on the bed, and lay there waiting for her aunt to be off.
