THE MOVIE IN MY HEAD

Author: William Abbott

Think of this story as a short video clip, three or four minutes long. I'd provide you with a link to find it online, except that it has only ever existed inside my head. But perhaps I can do the next best thing, and play it for you with words.

So, without apologies, here we go...

Casting:

A woman (of course). Her body is fit and healthy, but with curves. Round medium-to-largish breasts and a round butt. She’s not flabby, but neither is she toothpick skinny; her belly has enough roundness that it looks fun to touch and nuzzle.

Costuming:

Cutoff jeans. Tight enough to hug the curve of her butt like a second skin. So old and worn that there are holes in places. Short enough to give an occasional peek of the fold where butt meets thigh, but not so short that they look like something out Frederick’s of Hollywood. They look like actual pants, something that a woman might really wear out in public, casual and comfortable.

Up top, a tee shirt, snug against her breasts and cropped to just above her waistband. It’s as old and faded as the cutoffs and it’s been through the dryer enough times to be almost translucent. No bra. No underwear, either. (Perhaps they’d gone swimming earlier?) Flip-flops on her feet.

And for me, jeans and a polo shirt, with socks and sneakers. Also no underwear.

Setting:

A seaside town, touristy but also gritty and authentic, with as many commercial fishing boats as it has espresso shops. Down at the waterfront, docks or jetties reach out into the bay.

The time is just after sunset. The streets are brightly lit, but the sky is deep rich indigo and the stars are beginning to come out.

Plot Premise:

She’s my girlfriend, though she hasn’t been for long—we’ve slept together less than a dozen times.

We came to town that afternoon with bathing suits under our clothes, but changed out of them in the car after swimming. (Thus the lack of underwear.) We spent the evening sampling microbrews in one of the tourist bars in town, and then walked down to the water to watch the sunset.

She has to pee (of course), and it’s becoming really urgent. We’ve been looking around for a place for her to piss, but with no luck. All the shops down here by the water are closed, and it’s a twenty-minute walk back to the neighborhood with the late-night restaurants and bars. She’ll never make it.

Roll Camera:

"I have to pee like you would not believe," she says. Her face is scrunched up with a grimace of discomfort and concentration. She takes my hand and squirms with her legs crossed. “I am literally going to wet my pants if we don’t find someplace to go.”

The camera follows her lovingly as skips and hops down the sidewalk. Her breasts bounce and bob and jiggle as she dances in place. Under the streetlights, you can almost see the pink of her skin and the slightly darker areolas. Her nipples stand out under the clinging fabric. She might as well be naked.

We can hear the gentle rhythms of the ocean, licking at the shore. She wriggles. Taking my elbow, she raises one leg to grind her thighs together and the camera focuses on the V of her crotch, just barely covered. She turns, and the camera follows the roundness of her bottom. Shadows highlight the gentle valley of her buttocks. Light shows through the finger-thin gap between her naked thighs. We hear the sigh of a car driving past, and the distant voices and laughter of other couples enjoying the night. Her muscles flex and clench as she begins to dance again.

We reach the foot of one of the jetties. We pause to look down its length. Bobbing up and down, she leans close to me and whispers, “I can’t hold it.” Where we stand is brightly lit, but out there, out over the water, everything looks dark. “Come on,” I say. I start walking, and she hobbles along beside me, our feet clomping with hollow steps on the boards.

Our bodies cast long shadows into the darkness ahead of us. With our backs turned to the bustling world, she takes the liberty of touching herself in a way she wouldn’t do publically, gripping her crotch as she walks. Ramps on either side of the jetty descend to floating docks where fishermen, calling it a day, are tying up their boats. Their voices are quiet but clear in the stillness over the water. Hunched over and walking with mincing steps, she grabs the waistband of her cutoffs now and tugs hard, wedging the denim into the groove of her vulva. The camera zooms in, holds its gaze. The denim is curled along the frayed edge, her thighs bare all the way up, and her tugging makes a camel toe. No wet spot yet. Pan upward, past her bare belly button with a little sparkle of silver dangling from a piercing. Further up and we see another bounce of those untethered breasts as she skips along. Then up to her face, agonized, her jaw clenched, veins popping out on her forehead.

Ahead of us we see a kiosk, and further down, another. During the day it offers postcards and souvenirs for sale. Now it offers deep shadows and concealment. She prances toward the camera, unzipping, and the jean shorts start to fall down. She grips her crotch as she passes, holding them up, but as the camera turns to follow, her naked bottom is exposed to the viewer and to me and to the world.

She reaches the kiosk, ready to pull them down all the way. Pubic hair peeks out through her open fly. The pants are already sliding down as she rounds the corner. Naked butt, jeans around her thighs, and a dark triangle where her legs meet.

But there, standing in the shadow where she had hoped to hide herself and pee, we find a couple making out. The guy looks embarrassed, the woman huffs in annoyance. She pulls her shirt closed over her breasts (just a glimpse of her nipple) and she pushes her boyfriend’s hand down from under her skirt.

My girlfriend keens in frustration and hurries past, pulling up her pants again, covering her bottom. I scurry to keep up.

“Oh God, I’m gonna lose it. I can’t hold it!” Almost to the second kiosk. Gripping her crotch with both hands now, one inside her pants, the other outside. Pants loose around her hips. Bottom naked to the world.

At the second kiosk, she squeals. As she rounds the corner, the camera in extreme closeup lets us see piss leaking out between and around her fingers.

Cut to a different angle—we see her bare bottom again, denim bunched around the tops of her thighs, piss streaming down her legs.

From the front again, the cutoffs slide down around her knees. Piss hitting them like water poured from a teapot. Pan upwards, following the stream to the source. Full frontal close-up. Dark pubic hair. Stream gushing from between her labia.

Cut to a side view as her cutoffs drop to her ankles. She steps out of them to stand there, naked from the belly button down. She’s pissing hard, her thick stream arcing a little forward and down. It thrums against the boards, a deep rumbling percussion.

Cut to her face, looking down. Follow her gaze to the puddle spreading between her feet.

Close-up of the puddle, the camera resting right down on the boards. The stream of piss still raining down full force, splashing and spattering. Piss starting to drain into the cracks between the boards.

Camera drops through the dock (a special effect) to follow the stream, sprinkling like rain from the underside of the dock to the gently undulating water ten feet below.

Cut to my face, mouth hanging open, eyes wide as saucers, breath quavering.

Cut to my fly, where a huge bulge strains at the zipper.

Cut back to her, frontal view, as she leans back against the kiosk, her knees weak.

Zoom in on her crotch as the stream begins to abate.

Pan down to the puddle as the waterfall subsides to a trickle, then stops.

Cut to three-quarters view, still of the puddle at her feet, and pan back up the length of her leg. Distant lights on the shore cast enough illumination for us to see her inner thigh glistening. Moonlight catches little beads of water clinging like dew to the thatch of her pubic hair.

Cut back to me, the tips of my fingers sliding over the bulge of my fly.

Back to my face, panting, struck dumb with wonder.

I reach out. She welcomes me into her arms. I put my hands on her waist, pull her close against me. My cock grinds into her.

Close-up of my face as I gasp.

Close-up of our hips as I hold her tighter, take her naked buttocks in my hands, pull her tight against me.

My face, with my teeth clenched. I close my eyes. I’m panting.

Her face, seen over my shoulder. Her eyes close, her head nestles against my neck, and her hand reaches up to ruffle my hair.

Her bottom, with my fingers digging into it. My hips are thrusting against her more and more urgently.

I cum. My whole body shudders.

Her face, resting her head against my shoulder. My breath is ragged as she turns her head to kiss me gently.

Panting. Winded. I breathe deep, and deep again.

I back away from her just enough for the camera to see the wet spot on my jeans where my cum is soaking through the denim. Her hands slide down my arms, her touch a caress.

Camera on her face as I take her head in my hands and stroke her hair. I kiss her deeply, then nuzzle the side of her neck. I can taste the sweat and ocean salt on her skin.

Head and shoulders from the side as I lean my elbows against the side of the kiosk, letting it take some of my weight. I can barely stand. She is melted against me, her arms gently enfolding me.

Close-up of her smiling up at me. “Wow,” she says.

“Yeah,” I answer. “Wow.”

Camera pans down to her cutoffs, wet and rumpled on the dock by our feet as the credits begin to roll.

