The Sensuality of Wet Sex

Author: Wendy (1998-11-09 at 18:18)

Chapter 15. Safe Sex
	
When we heard her mother's car pulling into the drive, Vanessa and I went into total panic mode. We had to scramble out of her bed and into our clothes and break out our schoolbooks in less than a minute. When her mom looked in on us, all was well. Except she did seem to look at our hair a little too long with that mother's 'I wonder' look. She enquired about our day. Then she asked me if I'd care to stay for supper. I went to the parlor to call home and check in, then went back to Vanessa'a room to finish our 'studies'.

There were a lot of giggles, some all too serious looks and a few passionate kisses. We even managed to get through a chapter of geography. It was after 8PM by the time I got home. My mom asked me about my day and, before I could control it, I remembered the gas station! I guess I blushed, or something. She got one of those 'what's wrong' looks, and I had to think fast. I told her a slightly altered version of the tour of the boy's locker room, including Vanessa's 'embarrassing' questions concerning the urinal in the showers. She got a chuckle out of that, then asked why we went in there.

Then she said, "never mind." As I was heading toward my room, mom remembered and said, "some 'man' named Bill, called." There was a very pointed question mark in her voice, the kind that I knew I would not be able to dodge. She had stressed the word 'man' in a way that reminded me that, to now, only boys had telephoned, and 'boys' were acceptable. I replied with the most non-committal 'OK' that I could muster and continued to my room. Once inside, I threw myself onto my bed and buried my face into the pillow. I nearly screamed from excitement! He actually called! He really was serious! My heart was racing and I was anxious from curiosity and anticipation. I was also instantly horny! I would have called him back, except I didn't have his number. I used the pillow to muffle another scream!

It was pure torture…the waiting. Bill did not call back before bedtime. I couldn't rest. My mind was racing far too fast to consider sleep. It was like a waking dream. I wondered. I worried. I fantasized. I masturbated. Then I started wondering again. I have no idea how many times that cycle repeated itself before I finally drifted off in total exhaustion. I remember my bottom being sore in the morning from all the tension I had tried to take out through it. I was a zombie at breakfast…trying to will the phone to ring. Finally, reluctantly, I had to leave for school.

The rest of the day, until I got home, was a blur. I couldn't tell you what classes I attended, who was there or what was taught. Lunch with Vanessa was the only semi-lucid moment I recall. I babbled out an accounting of the hours that had passed since I left her house the night before. I vaguely remember her telling me to get hold of myself; that Bill would definitely call. When I got home there was no note about any call. I was instantly in a grand depression. I threw myself onto my bed and cried from frustration. Eventually I gathered up my school stuff and moved out to camp as close to the phone as possible. I had no idea what homework, if any, had been assigned for the weekend. I just pretended to read my texts and agonized over the still silent telephone.

It wasn't until nearly 9PM that the phone finally rang. And wouldn't you know it? I was in the tub, feeling the first hint of relaxation in nearly twenty-four hours. I flooded the bathroom and almost slipped and smashed my head, trying to bolt out of the bath from a prone position. I grabbed a towel and was out the door naked and dripping by the second ring, Running down the hall and trying to wrap a towel around myself, I heard my father answer. I slid to a halt just short of the entry to the living room and prayed. I listened. Dad was responding in monosyllables, so that I could get no clear idea of to whom he was speaking.

I waited. It was taking too long, probably one of his business friends. I turned and started back to my bath. Halfway there I nearly jumped out of the towel as my father bellowed for me. The call was for me! I ran back awfullizing over the possibility that it might be Vanessa or some other friend. The look on my dad's face, complete with arched eyebrow, told me it wasn't. I took the proffered instrument and brought it cautiously to my ear. I honestly tried to control my emotions. I even took a deep breath and refused to allow my hand to shake. It was useless. My voice cracked at, "Hello?"

It was Bill! I listened to his steady and strong voice, remembering his face…and body. (I know that I did a full-body blush, at that point. I was very aware of it, but too enrapt to really care.) I just listened. He explained about how busy school was, how he worked part time to supplement his scholarship, how family obligations had stolen the past few weekends, how he missed me. (How he missed me!?!) He talked about his field of study and the future it would open for him. He spoke of his home on the prairies, near Saskatoon and of his family. Somewhere in there, my mother brought me a robe and discretely stood between dad and me, while I put it on. (I was finally able to sit without exposing my all.)

I listened, for over an hour, and barely spoke three words. My heart was in my throat and my stomach was doing back flips. Bill asked about me, and about my life. But I managed to sidestep answering to a later date. I felt too insecure to trust myself in direct conversation at the moment. Better to listen. It was 10PM before I realized that my ear was getting sore. Mom came by and pointed at our grandfather clock and graced me with one of her 'looks'. I found enough words to explain my predicament to Bill. He understood and told me he would call in the morning, if it were okay. We agreed to an hour and he was gone. I cradled the receiver and sighed. I looked up, just then noticing that the telly was turned off and both my parents were studying my intently.

Oddly enough, it was my dad who rescued me from mom's third-degree. I was able to explain that Bill was a university student whom I had met through some friends. He was nineteen. (Although I was uncertain as to his age, I felt that nineteen would be more acceptable. He turned out to be twenty-one.) I let mom know that I had only been in his company once, for a few hours at a party, with lots of others around. Dad, bless him, said that Bill sounded sensible and polite over the phone, and that his pursuit of higher education was commendable. No matter how I tried to seem non-chalant about the whole thing, they seemed to see through it. They agreed that I could continue to take calls from Bill; but, before I would be allowed to date him, he would have to come by and meet them first. (Pass inspection, is what they meant. Parents!)

Bill called again, Saturday, and we talked for what seemed like hours. It must have cost him a fortune in long distance charges. And I actually took an active part in the conversation. (My parents were out making the rounds of the area's flea markets.) We both knew that something special had happened between us and that it could get away unless we pursued it. We resolved to get together again as soon as possible.

Fully admitting that the physical side of things was drawing us together as strongly as the emotional, we understood that we had to make a decision. We resolved to date only with other friends (and no orgies!), until we got to know one another better. (This definitely would not be easy!) Then Bill suggested that Vanessa and I join he and some friends for an end of summer camp out. It was an annual event with them at a lake located about half way between us. I agreed at once. He then asked if we could discuss something that had been bothering him;…the peeing thing we had done together. I took a deep breath, swallowed my heart and said, "sure', figuring that it was about to hit the fan and ruin everything.

There was silence at the other end of the line. Apparently Bill needed to organize his thoughts. Or, perhaps he was trying to find a gentle way to let me down. I worried with each passing second. Finally, not able to stand it any longer, I offered, "we don't ever have to do that again, if it will make you feel better…". Bill said, "what? Oh no. I kinda liked it. That's what is bothering me. I still have to ask myself if it really happened."

"You liked it," I asked hopefully? "Yeh. I'm a little embarrassed to say that it turned me on something fierce!"

After a pause, "Wendy are we sickos?"

"I hope not," I replied. "Cause I really liked doing it, too." Then he started asking questions. He was curious about everything I did having to do with pee play. I told him all of it, from my first experiments at twelve years old, to the affair I had in middle school with my lesbian friend. This is where Bill found out I was bisexual. I left out my on-going relationship with Vanessa for fear of jeopardizing my chances with him. I wanted him to know that part of me. He said that he had watched girls pee when he was a kid; and that, other than wet dreams, it had been the first time he had been aware of feeling sexually turned on. But that he had never taken it any further than that, until we met. He seemed particularly fascinated with those things I did when alone. I'll swear I could hear his breathing change when I spoke about masturbating and wetting myself while I did it.

He also had me describe in detail how it felt to lay in my bath water and slowly pee, then play with myself. I must confess that I was getting quite warm as I gave him more and more personal information. When he told me that he would be trying the same thing in the tub, I gave out a little gasp that he heard. He asked if that turned me on. I told him that the whole conversation had been turning me on. Bill said that he was rather in a state himself. I couldn't help myself. I asked him if he had an erection. He chuckled and admitted as much. Then I asked if he were alone and able to do anything about it. He said that he was alone, but that jacking off over the phone was not his idea of fun. I was immediately afraid that I had gone too far. I apologized. He told me that I was truly a bold little vixen. Once I got him to explain what that meant, we both had a laugh.

Then I thought, ''hat the heck.'' I put on my best ''little girl', pouty voice and begged him to undo his pants and play with his thing for me. He put up some resistance, but finally gave in to my petite game. I even got him to describe how he was dressed, how his erection looked and felt and how things were progressing. Of course, I was giving him a minute picture of what I was doing at my end. It was all very hot and bothered. I was even thinking that I could just possibly get off doing this. But his reticence came back and he began to lose interest due to the oddness of our act. I guess we were both feeling self-conscious. Then, without meaning to (I think), Bill said the one thing that changed the situation completely. "Wendy, you'll have to excuse me for a sec. I have to run to the toilet."

Realizing what he said, I blurted out, "wait"! He asked what the matter was and I had to scramble to find just the right words. I said something to the effect that I really wished I could be there, with him, when he went to the bathroom. He gallantly offered that I could watch him pee any and every time he had to, when we were together. That thought turned me on even more, and I told him so. I said that the same went for me, that he could accompany me to the toilet, too. He was obviously warming to this conversation, because he told me that, now, he would have a hard time peeing.

Why, I asked. He explained the difficulty males had with peeing, when erect. Oh! Then I worked the direction of our conversation around to my wet masturbation habits. This had the desired effect. Bill let me know, that although he had to go even worse now, he was actively stroking his member. I was truly enjoying the effect I was having on this man, and the effect it was having on me. Finally I made the move I had been aiming toward. I got him to agree that we would both lay down our phones, and go and get some towels. He knew where this was leading and said that he was only doing this because he already cared for me enough to trust me. And, besides, he was so hot at the moment that he no longer cared if it were perverse or not! In three minutes we were both seated on folded towels and vibrating with the excitement of what we were going to do.

I started out by letting Bill know that I was still fully clothed and that I intended to wet in my levis. He said that he still had on his jeans and that his cock was still outside the fly and very much erect! This piece of information sent an electric surge through me, as I pictured him there. We went on like this for some time, getting hotter and hornier. At last Bill brought things into perspective. He had a serious problem at his end. He very much wanted to (needed to) pee. He was not only willing to do it so it got his pants, the towel and whatever else wet. He was just about coming inside out from the anticipation. He told me that he hadn't been this excited since the time he first got to touch a girl's bottom when he was thirteen! But, he couldn't go. He was absolutely bursting…but he was stiff as a board! I teased him without mercy.

I even told him that I knew of the way he could get rid of the problem. But that I was hoping that he would do that, after he had gotten wet…that I wanted to wet with him and cum with him. That didn't help at all. He made valiant tries. I heard him grunting from pushing hard. We finally had to change the subject for a while, until matters subsided. We even got into some deep breathing, relaxation exercises I'd picked up in a Yoga class. I had already begun to wet and had one hand in my pants. But I held back from mentioning the fact, not wanting to send him back to damming up his pee canal.

At this point we were barely whispering over the phone line. Bill was telling me that he was right on the brink of letting it go; but that it just would not happen! He was afraid that, if it started, he'd soak down the entire room; he had to go that badly! I suggested that he picture standing in front of a urinal at his favorite pub. He'd had a lot of beer and it was time to let it go. (I was fingering myself from the horniness of it all, as I spoke.) It worked! He told me that he had just shot a big stream up into the air and it had landed back in his crotch. He said that the wetness triggered more pee, in squirts, that were coming one after the other. By now I was masturbating for all I was worth.

I could feel my orgasm building as I pictured Bill sitting there, surging pee onto himself, soaking his pants and that towel. He kept up a running commentary of his progress, as I came closer and closer. He had pissed so hard by now that he had wet his pullover and the hardwood flooring around himself. His pants were fully soaked and he felt the need to let go and just piss as if he were at that urinal. Through gasping breaths I told him what I was doing and how much he was making it all possible. He gave a rising sigh of surrender and told me that he was now peeing full force and that it was going everywhere. He was wetting himself clear up to his shoulders and down past his knees. There was a spreading puddle around him where the towel could no longer contain the flow. The picture, and his husky way of telling me about it, sent me over the brink. I orgasmed convulsively, with wave after wave of very unladylike sounds.

Bill responded to what he was hearing with open astonishment. This was followed rapidly with his own sounds of animal wantonness. As I came down enough to communicate, I told him just how much of a turn on he had been. I let him know about my having begun to wet and play, while he was still trying to relax. He grunted that he forgave me. I chuckled and told him that I was even wetter now, and it wasn't from pee. He made another deep-down sound and I had to ask what he was doing. He said that I knew very well what he was doing and to please continue talking dirty to him.

I teased, "Am I talking dirty?" He told me that I wouldn't believe the amount of urine surrounding him, or how much it was turning him on to jack off like this. I said that he should slow down, while I tried to get equally as wet. He responded that I had better hurry. I leaned back against the wall and closed my eyes. I totally relaxed and pictured myself sitting on the toilet, and let go. I told Bill what I was doing and let him know that I was peeing as if on the toilet. I described how my pants were filling rapidly and how the towel was being soaked. I told him just how hot and naughty it made me feel to pee in my pants and tell him about it…and how picturing him there doing himself was making me randy again. Bill responded with nothing more intelligible than , "yes", of moaning sounds.

I peed without any restraint until I was finished. Then I was immediately masturbating again. I told Bill what I was doing and his sounds got louder and closer together. I knew he was building fast now, that he would cum very soon. I thought about him there, pumping on his magnificent staff…glistening in his own pee. I quickly climbed to the plateau again, while listening to him. Then I heard, clearly, "God! God! I'm cumming!" And he positively exploded over the phone lines. I was so hot, at that point, that in my imagination I could smell the mushroom odor of his cum as I 'saw' it curling through the air. I came shortly after his moaning began to subside. It was jolting to the point that I came off the towel and left a damp spot in our carpet.

We were a long, lingering time coming down from our naughty long distance affair. We joked about 'safe sex' and the awesome clean up Bill was facing. We shared our mutual amazement at what we had just done and wondered together at what we might do when face to face again. Finally, due to cold and damp clothing (and my self-consciousness over what this call must be costing Bill), we broke the connection. Before the final 'good bye', we set a time and place to meet for the camping trip. I think there was an unspoken agreement that neither of us would be able to stay the whole weekend among our friends. We would have to find a time and place where we could be alone together and see where this wondrous and powerful thing between us would lead.
