The Museum

Author: Fluidity (1998-08-24 at 21:56) #18159

As soon as Sherry climbed into the back seat of the family car she knew she was going to have to fight her bladder. She awoke late, showered hurriedly, and ran for the car without either eating or pissing. She didn't notice any need, she told herself earlier as she stepped into the shower and quickly washed. But as she sunk into the seat of the car she knew that she should have. The excitement of the day had blocked the signals.

Sherry had looked forward to the motorcycle exhibit at the Guggenheim museum for weeks, and was constantly haranguing her parents to take her down to see it.

Now, as the summer was about over and she would be entering the state university in the fall, her parents had scheduled the 90 minute drive into the city so that they and Sherry could enjoy the exhibit.

Sherry kept quiet for most of the journey, but, as she noticed every morning, her bladder seemed to fill twice as fast just after arising as it had all night. That is why she usually needed to whiz after her morning shower even though she had an earlier whiz on arising. This morning all that did not happen until they were well on their way to the city.

As her bladder filled and filled Sherry though about how to hold it in and how to manage it. She knew she would be blasted by her parents for not having weed sufficiently upon getting up. And if she were to plead that she had not weed at all, well, the humiliation would be to great to bear. So Sherry sat there in rapidly mounting desperate need for a pee, unable to say a word because of what she did not do.

All she could hope is that she could hold it long enough so that when she did declare herself it might seem plausible. But that would take most of the drive. She couldn't pull this out of the hat the first half hour of the ride; she would have to hold it until it was effective; she only hoped that her sphincters would be equally effective.

About 50 minutes into the trip (Sherry was counting; every single minute counted when she was this full. “Lord, I'm hurting, she felt”), Sherry's prayers were answered. “Ken, I'm going to need to stop soon,” her Mother said to her Father. This was exactly what Sherry needed; someone else who had to get this car stopped.

“We're less than a half-hour from the museum,” Sherry's Father lied, “do you think you can wait that long?”

“Grrrrr! Dad is pulling that macho shit on you! Don't fall for it, Mom! Demand your right to relieve your own feminine bladder!” Sherry silently yelled at her Mother.

“Well, I guess I can, but it won't be fun,” Marjorie sighed to her husband.

Sherry just about cried. She didn't know how she could possibly wait another half hour. She was about to explode. She sat silently in constant pain afraid to feel her stomach. She was afraid to jiggle anything down there. She hadn't begun to leak yet so she better leave well enough alone. But she knew the pressure would break her sphincters down eventually, just as it had a few terrible times in her distant past.

Finally, Sherry drew up the courage to speak. She had been in agony for over an hour and certainly her Parents would understand her petite eighteen year old body could not hold out any more. “Dad,” Sherry said, quietly. “I need a bathroom real badly. I've been waiting a long time but I don't think I can wait any more. Can we please stop right away. I really mean it.”

“Oh, Sugar,” her Father said affectionately. “You know I'd do anything for you but we are in the city now and there is no way we can stop until we get into the city streets. You can't go on the highway. It isn't far from where we get off the parkway to the Museum. We will be there in just a jiffy.”

Sherry looked out at the parkway with its wide shoulders where the car could stop safely and all that grass… that grass that Sherry could whiz onto, and she felt her sphincters start to spasm. “Oh, God, no! Not now. Please not now. You can keep it in just a little longer. Please”.

“Daddy, it is really an emergency. I can't wait. Please.”

“Look, here we are getting off the parkway. The museum is just a few blocks away. We park the car and you are inside in a jiffy.”

Sherry watched as the car lined up behind the red light. No where to pee. And she had to pee so very badly. She let her hand slide down to her tummy for the first time and was mortified at how hard she felt. She could always hold herself seemingly forever, but Sherry knew there was an end to forever and she didn't want to get there.

A few agonizing minutes they approached the museum. There was a line of about 100 people standing outside filing in. “There she is, Sugar. We'll park the car and zip in there and you will be all fixed up.”

The line shook Sherry to the bone. She imagined that line being to the rest rooms which meant a wait so beyond prehension that she could not contemplate it.

“You have to let me get out right now. I can't wait for you to park the car. I can't wait in that line. I need a bathroom right now. Please, please right now. I can't wait. I can't.” Sherry was about in tears knowing that the floodgates would open soon. She was hurting so badly she could not remember when. She only hoped that her Father would understand.

He did. He pulled the car up to the curb in front of the museum.

“Marj; wait for us. If the cops e, explain that we are just letting someone out.”

“Ken, I have to piss something awful,” whined Marjorie. “I have to go, too.”

“Well just hold it. You're good at it,” barked Ken as he got out of the car. Sherry staggered out and followed him.

What are we possibly going to do, thought Sherry. But then she couldn't think, for all that mattered was her bladder. It was beyond full; it was beyond hurting her; it was this huge bowling ball of pain stretching protruding into every part of her insides like a watermelon she had to deliver. She knew she could not walk; she could only waddle. She was also mortified that her Father was leading her to the door, jumping this enormous line. How could he be so brazen. And then Sherry felt her watermelon and she knew why he was doing it and she thanked him.

Sherry could not look anyone in the eye. She knew that everyone knew what was happening. This petite young lady could not hold her bladder like everyone else. She needed her Daddy to jump the line for her. So she looked down at the ground, watching each step she took, partly for fear that a misstep would jar her carefully calculated sequence of muscles working overtime to hold back her water. Any misstep would cause the entire sequence to give way and she would flood herself.

Lord, why did she sweat like a pig when she needed to piss. If she could sweat why couldn't she just sweat away her bladder? Every drop of sweat is a drop not in my bladder, she thought. She tried to breathe through her mouth like a dog hoping that would draw away a little more moisture that would not make its way to her bladder.

Step by step they walked by the people in line. Each step was a painful shock to her strained bladder. She was holding it back on sheer nerves now. Her sphincters were so sore from clamping down; they would give way soon. She knew the feeling. It wasn't long. One way or another she would be empty soon.

She didn't know what to do with her hands. So she splayed them out from the sides of her body. Without ever thinking of them she made imaginary stretching motions with her fingers as if that stretching would encourage her bladder to stretch a bit more and allow just a few drops more to fit in before the dam burst.

Her Father mumbled something to the people in line and they let her through. Sherry thought they were letting her through as though she were the Virgin Mary or something, a holy object to be watched in reverent silence. Little could she imagine the true feelings of those who suspected her condition. She had no idea.

Once inside her head rose from the floor and she scanned the inside frantically. It must be nearby, it must. Where is it. Her Father turned to the left and she followed knowing that he knew.

He didn't know. Just empty hallways and a useless gift shop. Then she spied a guard. She knew that she would cry out her question if her Father hadn't called out, “Rest rooms?” Over there, the guard motioned. Across to the other side of the floor.

There it was; she could see it. “I'll wait for you outside, Sugar,” said her Father. Sherry wanted to run but she knew she could not; not run and wait at all. So she waddled toward the toilet. Oh how she wanted to jam her hand between her legs. She approached and saw she was second in line. Two ladies were in front of her. A man stood outside the Men's room. Sherry could not keep her legs still. She kept walking in place, something she did without thinking; her body was in control, doing what it had to do implementing the prime directive of preventing a public pissing.

The toilet door opened and a woman walked out; she had a quiet smile on her face. It seems everyone waiting at the toilet this early in the morning was holding more than they ever wanted to hold. “I'm, I'm really quite, quite desperate. Could I please go first?” ventured Sherry.

The lady first in line, turned to her, gave her a snort, and walked into the one-person toilet. “Oh, God,” Sherry whispered, fully audible to the two others waiting outside their respective toilets. She gave an involuntary curtsey which tightened her sphincters briefly but gave little relief.

The first lady came out, Amazing! She apparently only needed to adjust her lipstick. “I'll never do that, ever,” thought Sherry as she did a little two-step. The lady in front of Sherry entered without ever so much as turning to look at the frantic girl.

“You must be bursting,” said Flu. He was the guy in front of the Men's room. “Been waiting long?”

Sherry, well beyond any thought of decorum, prancing from one foot to another, breathlessly spasmed out, “I haven't gone at all this morning; I got up at 8. I just can't wait any longer.”

Flu looked at her in awe. “You haven't visited the toilet since getting up? How do you do it?”

“I don't know, but I can't do it any longer.” Sherry felt her sphincter's quiver and spasm and begin to cramp. This was it. She was going to piss herself in the Guggenheim. She reached for her crotch, the last desperate act before the dam burst.

“In that case, why don't you use the Men's room, here. It's empty. I'll guard the door.”

At that Fluidonescu Amalvonado opened the door to the empty Men's room and Sherry flew in with a bliss on her face not seen since, well, you can think of something. Flu's reward was to stand guard. He had hoped for this since leaving the line when he saw this lovely, frantic young woman enter in obvious need.

For him, that reward meant leaning up against the door, his head resting against it in an effort to hear every single audible sound emanating from that hallowed shrine. He was not disappointed. Sherry was petite, but she had nearly a two liter stream that sounded like Grand Coulee Dam.

