Breaking News
	(Female Desperation)
Author: H. Klimfan/Desperationlover (2011-07-12)

These were exciting times for Daybreak News in Seattle. A brand new set brought a much-needed morale boost to the crew and their new state-of-the-art high-definition cameras and audio system put them at the cutting edge of broadcast journalism technology in the region. The ratings have been up dramatically since the new equipment started operating full-time for Daybreak's broadcasts, but that didn't quite tell the whole story. Grace Chang was also a big part of the story, and not only because of her role as a quality anchorwoman. The new set featured a shiny desk that showed off the young anchorwoman's long, sexy legs, which could only help to boost the ratings for the evening news to even higher levels.

Grace was sexy, young, and intelligent, and she did not hesitate to take advantage of her sex appeal, regularly wearing short skirts and high heels on the air. Management knew that the sharp, sudden increase in viewership was due in large part to the sex appeal of their star anchorwoman. Grace was more than just a fresh young face to look at. She had a very regular routine to prepare herself for every broadcast, and she got along with everyone in the newsroom very well.

On this day, Grace started getting herself ready three hours before going on air. The first hour or so was spent picking out her outfit before arriving at the news station. Once she arrived at the news station, she went go to the locker rooms and put the finishing touches on her sexy outfit. This also presented the opportunity for her to use the facilities before going out to hair and makeup.

It is now one hour and forty-five minutes to air, and Grace looks absolutely stunning. Every male on the set, as well as any male viewers in Seattle, were in for a treat today. Grace came out of the ladies' room wearing a button-up black and white striped blouse, black pantyhose, and a tight black miniskirt so short that she had to take short, narrow strides to the makeup room so that it wouldn't ride up and reveal her panties. On her way to the makeup room, Grace stopped in the break room and poured herself a large cup of coffee and grabbed a bottle of water. A nice caffeine boost was nice to have before the show, but she also liked to stay well-hydrated so that she wouldn't get thirsty on the set.

While Grace was in the locker room fixing herself up, her co-anchor was up to something. He slipped a diuretic into the coffee pot while it was brewing, hoping that Grace would be the first one to come by and have a serving. Just as he suspected, Grace was the first one to the coffee pot when it was done brewing, and she served herself an even bigger mug than he suspected. That guaranteed that she would have a full dose of the diuretic he slipped into the coffee. Another guarantee was that Grace was going to have a very interesting day at the office, now that her bladder was being pumped into overdrive for the night.

Grace was almost done in hair and makeup, and she was completely done with her coffee. She was already half done with her bottle of water, when she felt a sudden urge to pee. It was now one hour before going on the air, and Grace needed to go over the leading and closing stories of the broadcast to make sure that she knew what was going to be covered on the air and what didn't make the cut. Ten minutes after feeling the first signals of distress from her bladder, Grace's situation was suddenly very urgent. Her situation was so urgent that she was pressing her thighs together and bouncing her knees up and down while she waited for the hairdresser to finish up the final adjustments to make her hair look just right once she started the newscast.

Grace: Do you think you'll be done soon?

Hairdresser: Just a few more seconds and you'll be the princess of the airwaves.

Grace: Oh, good. I have to go take care of something as soon as you're done.

Hairdresser: You look absolutely gorgeous. My work is done here.

Grace: Thank you so much. You are such a lifesaver.

Grace got up out of the chair as calmly as she could and immediately made her way towards the bathroom. She closed the door behind her and then squeezed her legs together as she pressed her right hand into the front panel of her skirt. After giving her bladder the help that it needed, she found a clean, empty stall and hitched up her skirt so that she could finally slide her panties down and relieve herself. Grace noticed that she didn't generate forceful stream or quantity of pee that she imagined, especially since she needed to pee so urgently. The important thing was that she was able to empty her bladder without anyone knowing how badly she needed to use the restroom, and now she would have an empty bladder with only forty-five minutes to go before going on air.

After exiting the ladies room, Grace felt a bit thirsty again, and grabbed another bottle of water. The bottle was empty within ten minutes, and she knew it was now time to report to the set. Only half an hour before going live, and this was the time to start running the live promos to hook the viewers already watching TV into staying tuned in for the evening news.

Only ten minutes after running the first live promotion (20 minutes before going on-air), Grace felt her bladder signaling the first urge to pee again.

Grace (thinking to herself): I can't believe this! I just went to the bathroom 25 minutes ago, and I feel like I need to go again. It doesn't feel urgent, and I can hold it until the end of the show easily.

Only two minutes to go before going live, and Grace felt an intense wave of pressure hit her bladder. She pressed her thighs together, and she was sitting with her calves separated, stretching her tight skirt snugly around her thighs, but still hiding her underwear from view. Her efforts paid off for now, but now Grace was beginning to worry about how quickly her bladder was filling up and whether or not she would be able to keep her composure for another hour. Less than thirty seconds to go before going live, and Grace turned to her co-anchor.

Grace: Are we scheduled to have any decent commercial breaks during the show today?

Co-Anchor: I don't think so. We should be running a full newscast just like we always do.

Grace: I hope we can cut out a little longer than usual after the first segment. It would be nice if I could use the ladies room soon.

Co-Anchor: The whole show only takes an hour. Just hold it until we're off the air.

Grace's face momentarily looked defeated at her partner's lack of support in finding her an opportunity to dash to the ladies room for some much-needed relief. She quickly forced a smile just in time for the final countdown to going live....5...4...3...2...1.

The opening credits ran, and 15 seconds later, Grace was introducing herself and her co-anchor, welcoming the TV audience to another edition of the King 5 Evening News. The adrenaline rush of going on air and being thrust in front of a live audience took Grace's mind off of her swelling bladder for a few minutes. It wasn't until her co-anchor took over and passed a story of a broken water main to a field correspondent that Grace's mind returned to her bladder. The water main break sent a torrent of water into a major road, causing heavy traffic delays. The audible sound of gushing water coming in from the news cameras was not doing anything to help Grace cope with her current situation. Grace was making every effort possible to maintain her composure, but her need to urinate was becoming increasingly stronger as the minutes slowly ticked away. Just as her hands were migrating towards the front panel of her mini-skirt, the producer signaled her that the next story was coming up.

With the camera now focused on Grace, she had to muster up every bit of discipline she had to not show the crew or the television audience the distress she was facing. The camera zoomed out when featuring shots of Grace to capture her firm, sexy legs on camera for everyone to see. This meant that Grace had to keep her hands away from her skirt, while at the same time making sure that her legs were in position to prevent the news viewership of Seattle from treating themselves to an eyeful of her white cotton panties. Her report featured tips on how drivers could maximize fuel mileage in their vehicles, and which gas stations and locations were currently offering the lowest prices in the city.

During the report, Grace uncrossed her legs so that she could quickly tug the hem of her skirt forward and press her hands into the front panel without arousing any suspicion of the battle she was waging under her sexy mini-skirt. After taking care of her skirt to prevent an up-skirt sighting, she recrossed her legs, this time squeezing her legs noticeably tighter to take some of the pressure off of her distressed bladder. The story was over, and the producer gave the cue to cut to commercial.

As soon as the cameras cut to commercial, Grace squeezed her thighs together as tight as she could, bouncing her knee up and down frantically once she got her legs into position. Her skirt rode all the way up to the edge of her panties, and she had to reach under her butt to pull her skirt forward and regain full coverage of her rear end on the seat. Grace signaled the producer to come towards the news desk.

Grace: Would it be possible for me to take a little break?

Producer: What are you talking about? We are only 12 minutes into the broadcast and we are going to be back on air in 30 seconds.

Grace: Well, can we cut the next segment short so that I can take a break at the next commercial? I really need to go to the bathroom.

Producer: (completely blowing off her request)....We are live in (hand signals....3, 2, 1).

Grace was taking the lead on the next story, a fraud case involving a Seattle-based company trying to illegally obtain maintenance contracts on road and sewer infrastructure throughout the city of Seattle. The next story on the broadcast was the weather report.

Grace was maintaining her composure well through the first 20 minutes of the broadcasts, but her bladder situation was now becoming desperate. She could feel the urge to empty her bladder becoming stronger and stronger, and the waves of pressure were now coming at faster intervals, with increasing intensity and longer duration each time. She spent the next ten minutes either directly reporting the news, or interacting directly with an in-studio correspondent. This helped to take the focus away from her bladder by keeping her engaged in the newscast and following the cues from the on-set crew.

The evening news was now halfway over, and Grace was really starting to feel desperate. She could no longer hide her desperation from her co-anchor or the crew members on the set. Her legs were crossed tightly and slightly trembling, and her face was really starting to show signs of worry and panic. The halfway point marked the longest commercial break of the broadcast, and Grace took this opportunity to find herself some relief.

Grace (to her producer): I am so sorry, but if I don't get to the bathroom right now, I'm going to wet myself right here.

Producer: We are going to be back on the air in less than two minutes. You'll never make it back in time.

Grace: I'm sorry, but I can't wait any longer. I can't remember the last time I needed to pee so badly. I really need you to fill the broadcast until I get back.

With that, Grace left the news desk and scurried towards the bathroom as fast as her tightly skirted legs would allow her. The nearest bathroom was just across the set, and Grace pushed the door open without knocking or hesitating. She barged in on an assistant producer using the urinal and caught him by surprise. The bathroom on set was set up for men and women, with only a single urinal and toilet. Grace obviously wasn't in the bathroom looking to use the urinal, so she proceeded to the door to the toilet stall. She pushed the door, only to find it locked.

Man in the toilet stall: Sorry, this one's being used.

Grace: Please let me in, I need to pee really badly and I need to get back on set in two minutes.

Main in the toilet stall: Sorry lady, you're out of luck. Go find another place to relieve yourself.

Grace: I don't have time, and I can't wait much longer. I'm gonna piss myself if you don't let me in right now!

Main in the toilet stall: Too bad, but you're just gonna have to wait.

Grace bent over and stuffed her hand up her skirt against her cotton panties. She kept her hands pressed against her crotch for a few seconds, her legs were now trembling in the effort to contain the geyser ready to explode out from her crotch. With only 25 seconds to go before the newscast resumed, she staggered out of the bathroom and gingerly made her way across the set back to the news desk. Just as she sat down she crossed one leg over her hands that were pressing hard into the front panel of her skirt. Four seconds before resuming the live newscast Grace uncrossed her legs, pulled the hem of her skirt forward as far as she could and made herself look respectable just as the red light went back on.

The clocks on the set indicated that there was still 23 minutes and 15 seconds to go before the newscast concluded. Grace noticed this and made a mental note in her head. She had to control her bladder for at least 23 more minutes before she could run off to the toilets and open the floodgates. For the first 11 minutes, Grace was able to continue reporting the news with respectable poise and composure, especially considering her dire bladder situation. However, with just over 12 minutes to go in the broadcast, Grace felt an overpowering surge of pressure in her bladder and spurted a few drops into her panties.

Grace: Oh, my goodness!

Co-anchor: Grace, is everything ok?

Grace: Ummm....no, I mean...yes, of course. I-i th-think we need to cut to commercial break.

Co-anchor: Stay tuned in, folks. We are running the rest of the broadcast commercial-free.

Grace: That's great news for our viewers. I don't know if I can contain myself. (literally and figuratively).

Grace was now sitting with her heel pressing all her weight against her urethra. Her bladder was just about to explode its contents into her panties if not for the panicked and hurried effort to put pressure against her pee hole. In this position, Grace's legs were now uncrossed and just a bit spread open so that she could maintain the pressure of her heel against her urethra and prevent a disaster in her skirt. However, with the underneath view of the news desk and the cameras still focused on Grace's sexy figure, this position treated anyone watching to a delicious upskirt view of Seattle's hottest reporter on live television. Grace didn't notice the blatant upskirt show she was giving to the Seattle TV audience for almost a minute while she turned all her focus toward preventing herself from wetting herself on the air..

Producer (in Grace's earpiece): You might want to consider changing your position in your chair. You're putting on a show out here.

Grace listened in on her earpiece and finally noticed the "show" her producer was referring to. She knew she had to get her heel out from under her butt so that she could re-cross her legs and block the view up her short skirt. She also knew she had to do this very carefully or she was going to start losing control of her bladder right under her news desk. She quickly jerked her left leg out from under her and moved it down into a more natural sitting position. While doing this, she kept one hand up above the news desk (in a futile effort to draw attention away from her situation), and the other hand was pulling the hemline of her skirt forward. Grace used this opportunity to keep her hand pressed down against the short front panel of her skirt, hoping to block her white cotton panties from the view of the Seattle television audience.

Producer (in Grace's earpiece): Ok Grace, let's try to finish up the news tonight without anymore flashing.

Grace didn't appreciate her producer's apparent lack of sensitivity to her desperate situation, but her main priority was not to wet herself on camera. Her legs were now crossed as tightly as she could squeeze them together, bouncing and squirming up and down as she struggled to maintain control of her bursting bladder. Only four minutes left before the final credits and shutting down the live feed, but Grace was becoming frantic. Less than 30 seconds later, with the cameras focused in on Grace and her co-anchor, all her efforts at hiding the incredible urgency of her situation were now exhausted, as she uncrossed her legs so that she could jam at least one hand as close to her crotch as her short, tight skirt would allow. Grace finished up her final segment within a minute, and the cameras focused on her upper body during that sequence, temporarily taking the focus off her in-studio desperation.

Only two more agonizing minutes to go before she could spring out of her chair and rush to the bathroom. Just as her co-anchor took over, a powerful, one-second squirt hissed into her panties. The bottom of her skirt was now certainly soaked, and she could feel a small leak trickle down into her chair as she squealed in the intense effort and pain required to stem the tide one last time. She knew her urethra would not be able to contain another powerful surge from her bladder like that. Fourty-five seconds remained, and it was Grace's time to deliver her final words from the newsdesk.

Grace: Thank you so much for watching tonight. However, I must depart the set immediately so I can attend to a very urgent, rapidly developing situation.

With that, Grace rose from her chair as quickly as she could, pulling down the hem of her skirt with one hand while jamming the other between her legs. Just as she reached a standing position, she started losing control. This time, she lost a three-second, high pressure torrent right through her panties and down to the floor between her legs. Grace was having a bladder accident on live television, and her face blushed beet red with a mortified look on her face. She froze in place and squeezed her legs together with every ounce of her will, trembling with the effort to delay the imminent eruption between her legs. The cameras finally stopped rolling, but she wasn't out of trouble yet. Every cameraman, director, producer, and assistant on the set now had their collective eyes fixated on the network's star reporter in disbelief.

Grace somehow managed to regain control, but she new as well as everyone else in the studio that her ability to control her bladder (if not lost already) was going to be short-lived. She hobbled towards the bathroom with both hands thrust under her mini-skirt, praying against all odds that she would at least make it inside before a torrent could escape her aching bladder. Grace was only two meters from the bathroom door when she heard the door lock from the inside.

Grace (while doing a frantic pee-pee dance outside the bathroom door): Let me in! Oh please, you have to let me go to the bathroom or I'm gonna wet myself right here!

Person inside the bathroom: No answer.

Grace: OH NO! I'm leaking in my panties.....I don't think I can stop it! You can't let me have a wetting accident out here.

Person inside the bathroom: I'll be out in less than a minute.

Grace: DON'T DO THIS! I'm gonna pee in less than a minute.

Just as Grace predicted, her bladder sprayed through her panties again, this time for four seconds. Grace put her back against the door and slumped down onto the floor, her panties now in full view of all onlookers in the studio. Her thighs were still squeezed together, but her legs parted at the knees as her bladder overpowered her and emptied itself right outside the bathroom door. She continued peeing for twenty-one seconds before the stream subsided to a trickle.

Grace (now crying): I'm so sorry! I don't know what happened, but I've never had to pee so bad in my life and I couldn't hold it anymore! I'm so embarrassed.

Finally the bathroom door was unlocked, and Grace felt the door open behind her, but it was obviously too late. She meekly rose to her feet out of the puddle she had just created and walked into the bathroom. Once inside, she locked the door and started removing her soaked black pantyhose and wringing out the urine into the toilet. She exited the stall and headed towards the sink, ready to wash her hands, when she felt the breeze from the fan hit her soaked panties under her skirt. She didn't like the cold sticky feeling of her soaked panties against her pussy, so she hiked her skirt up and peeled her panties off.

After thoroughly drying off her nether region, she washed her hands, straightened her skirt, and exited the bathroom. It was obvious to anyone that she had removed her pantyhose. However, she didn't want anyone to know (other than by speculation) that she was going commando out of the building. Grace's gait was smooth and calculated, with her hands constantly pulling down on her skirt to make sure she was covering as much as possible. She managed to make it out of the building and all the way to her car without anyone getting a chance to gawk at or catch a glimpse of her naked crotch. What a day.
