Short Story Compilation

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Story #1 - Girlfriend Desperation

My tomboy girlfriend has a massive bladder. I swear her sphincter muscles must be made out of iron. We can be out all day together, and she won’t even think about using a bathroom. Not to mention the fact that she drinks enough to flood a small city! One day we decided to do a movie marathon at her place. She hadn’t peed for 12 hours, and still resisted for the entire 12 hour marathon! I could tell she was pretty uncomfortable by the end, with 24 hours of stored up pee in her swollen bladder, and she went hurriedly into the bathroom afterwards…but deliberately avoided the toilet! We slept together, and the next morning she was pacing around in desperation. I suggested going out, much to her chagrin, but shockingly she agreed. We stopped at a Starbucks, and she wiggled around furiously, heel in her crotch, as she fought to contain 36 hours of pent up pee.

We went to a mall to walk around for a few hours, and finally her 39 hour bladder stopped her from even being able to do that! My tomboy girlfriend was utterly desperate, breathing quickly and heavily in an effort to regain some of her amazing self-control. I decided to continue her bladder torture by taking her to a movie, and after 2 hours of total pee dancing in her seat, my girlfriend’s bladder erupted! She knew it was coming seconds before it happened, hands jammed in her crotch in a last-ditch effort to maintain control. She ripped off her skinny jeans and panties, grabbed our large popcorn container, and let rip an absolute torrent of pee! She sighed with relief and sank into her chair as she filled that container to the brim, and back home we measured her 5 minute pee, and it turns out that her enormous bladder’s final, breaking point capacity is 2.1 liters!

Story #2 - The Kinky Boyfriend and His Willing Accomplice

My sister Katy was born with a giant bladder, and it only got bigger as she got older. I was used to her amazing toilet performances by the time I was 15, listening against the door as her 18 year old self plopped down on the toilet and unleashed an absolute torrent into the bowl. She didn’t know I listened in on her, but one night her before bed trip to the toilet was so frantic that I had to ask her about it. Katy thought nothing of it, admitting that she probably woke up the whole house with her run to the bathroom. She told me that she’d been going out with a new guy, and she’d discovered that he liked it very much when she drank a lot…but didn’t excuse herself to the restroom. Katy liked the guy and wanted to please him, and so this was the end result. She asked me not to tell our parents, knowing that they would make her stop because they’d tell her it was unhealthy, but she assured me that her huge bladder could handle whatever her boyfriend asked of it.

In the next few weeks, I noticed that Katy would rush to the bathroom after every date ended and she returned home. Her pees, already exceptional gushers, somehow became even longer and more voluminous. I could scarcely believe my ears when I heard her endless pisses. Finally, one night she returned home even later than usual, bladder bulged past even her enormous capacity, and hobbled her way to the bathroom. She gently sat herself on the bowl and absolutely exploded with pee. Katy had to have peed for almost 7 minutes. I couldn’t resist. I had to talk to her about it.

I went to her in her room and asked her about that mammoth gusher. Katy smiled and said that her boyfriend was testing her limits. She had peed at 6 pm, gulped down two coffees before their date at 7 (at his request), had three bottles of water over the course of the date, two giant iced teas with dinner, and five large beers at the club they went to, before finally returning home to let it all out at 3 am. My mind was boggled when she told me that now she was sure there was no task her iron bladder couldn’t complete. I just hoped her boyfriend pushed her farther.

Story #3 - Camping Trip

My girlfriend always pees huge gushers after holding for ages. It seems like she’s nearly hollow in her bladder region, and it takes her forever to need to go even if we’re drinking pints of beer at a pub. But when she does need it, boy you better watch out! It comes out of her like a flood. So when we went on a camping trip with some friends, I knew that I’d be in for a treat, since we picked a spot far away from any type of washrooms.

My girlfriend peed before bed and skipped her morning pee, and already when we woke up her abdomen looked like it was busting with pee. Of course she acted like it was nothing and we finalized our packing, then got picked up by our friends to drive to the campsite. It was a long drive, and my girlfriend was tanking up on drinks the whole way, mostly bottled lemonades but also a few beers. I couldn’t imagine the pressure she’d built up in her iron bladder by the time we reached the campsite.

Her bulge was now clearly visible to anyone who looked at her, stretching her skin as if she’d swallowed a softball or something. Some of our friends even commented on it, but she laughed it off and helped us unpack as if nothing was the matter. Our friends know my girlfriend has a crazy bladder capacity, so they weren’t too surprised by it, but they kidded her good-naturedly about the giant piss she’d have to take later on. When my girlfriend told them that she’d be able to hold it for much longer, a couple of the other girls came up with a challenge for her. They wanted my girlfriend to hold it as long as she could and fill herself up to the brim with piss, and then see how long she could pee for. My girlfriend just smiled. “You want me to fill the iron bladder to its max?” she asked, before looking at me and yelling, “I’m gonna need another beer!”

Throughout the afternoon my girlfriend made sure to be sipping on some sort of beverage, whether it was water, lemonade, or beer. And her bladder bulge just kept growing! By late afternoon she was fuller than I’d ever seen her, but besides warning people when they tried to squeeze her abdomen, having decreased mobility, and bending forward slightly, she was fine. “Damn I’m getting full, look at this bladder!” she shouted proudly to the group, showing off a massive bulge and rubbing her hands over it. But she continued to hold off the pressure of her enormous beer-piss-filled bladder.

When night fell, we all started sitting around the camp fire and drinking beers. It quickly became apparent that everyone was trying to get my girlfriend to drink more and more, and that she was quickly approaching bladder fullness overload. She’d stopped talking, instead just moaning incoherently about her bladder and jamming a hand in her crotch. After about her fourth beer of the night, the waves of bladder urgency started approaching rapidly and in quick succession, and my girlfriend desperately squeezed her legs together to fight them off. After 20 minutes of this, my girlfriend finally decided she needed relief.

“One more beer! One more beer!” my friends chanted to her, amazed at the spectacle before them. Reluctantly, my girlfriend gingerly sat back down and began chugging another beer, squirming the entire time. When it was polished off, she stood again and showed us all her nearly basketball-sized bladder bulge. We admired this sight for maybe 10 seconds before another bladder spasm ripped through her, making her hands fly to her crotch as she squatted to control the pee that so desperately wanted to escape her amazing control.

Finally she righted herself, ripped off her jeans in one motion, pulled her panties to the side, and let rip with an absolute jet of piss after an astounding 22 hours of holding it. Her mammoth pee sprayed everywhere, nearly putting out our fire in the process, hissing right into the dirt of the campground with amazing force, while the girls started timing it by shouting out seconds. They made it to 200 before my girlfriend’s pee stream died off completely. Finally empty, she let out a moan of pleasure and fell back into her seat. Then she gave me a look. Needless to say, we were both completely turned on by the display, and I knew that it was going to be a fun night in our tent that night.

Story #4 - Brazilian Beach Babe's Bodacious Bulging Bladder

I took a vacation last summer to Brazil to take some time off, kick up my feet, see the amazing beaches, and of course look at the lovely Brazilian ladies. On my first full day after checking into my hotel, I awoke promptly at 7 am and hurriedly changed into my swim trunks and headed out to the beach, getting there at 8 am. On my way to the hot sand, I passed one of the beach’s bathrooms, a small fort of a building erected just where the pavement of the road meets the sand of the beach. Just as I walked past it, a stunning black-haired Brazilian woman in a barely-there black bikini exited. We ended up walking step for step to the water, and I fumbled around in my head thinking of something to say.

“Forget to go this morning?” I asked finally, motioning to the bathrooms behind us. Immediately I went red in the face. Why did I just ask her that? It was an embarrassing question for someone you knew already. For a total stranger, it was something you just didn’t talk about. I fully expected her to give me a weird face and walk away, disgusted. But to my surprise she smiled, laughed, and commented that indeed, she’d really needed that one to properly enjoy herself at the beach.

“Once I get here I do not like to leave my place for anything,” she said with a smile. Amazed that she was continuing this line of conversation, I stammered out my name and she replied that hers was Larissa. We walked and made small talk a bit further before she commented that her girlfriends were over to the right, and she left me for what I saw to be a large conglomerate of beach towels, a giant umbrella, and an equally giant cooler, filled to the hilt with drinks to combat the heat. I took a spot a little ways behind Larissa’s and spread out my towel.

During the next few hours I laid, enjoyed the sun, and couldn’t help but watch Larissa and her group of friends, all sexy girls with tight bodies and skimpy thong bikinis. As it got to be noon, I noticed that all of her friends had gone up to use the bathrooms at one point or another, but Larissa had remained there, despite having consumed at least four separate drinks from the cooler, two of which were highly diuretic beers. Just then, Larissa got up, looked around, saw me, and made her way over.

“Fancy getting some lunch with me?” she asked, looking like a goddess with the sun and beach behind her. I gulped and nodded, then followed her shapely ass over to a beach bar nearby. We ate, and had nearly finished our meals (Larissa having consumed multiple large drinks, it should be noted), when one of her friends came up to us, looked at all the empty glasses in front of Larissa, and commented, “Don’t you ever need to piss? Damn…well, off to the toilets again for me! I wish I had your bladder!”

I spent the rest of the day either in the water or at my towel, but at all times I watched Larissa carefully. She drank seemingly half the cooler full of drinks, but made no move to go relieve herself, even though her bladder was bulging very noticeably over the bottom of her bikini. When she laid down to sun herself, it stood straight up, looking like a softball in her abdomen. A softball filled with great pressure surely, yet Larissa didn’t even look like she needed to go. Afternoon turned to evening, and the bulge continued to grow, apparently just as her thirst did, because Larissa seemed intent on drinking nearly everything in that giant cooler that was untouched by her friends.

It was after 9 pm when Larissa and her friends finally got up to leave, and she noticed me as she was walking off the beach. She left them and came over to me. It was like she was reading my mind as she asked me how long I was here for and if I’d like some company in my room. So Larissa and I went back to the hotel, her bladder sticking out profoundly and likely hard as rock, yet here she was talking to me normally and walking as if she wasn’t nearly pregnant with piss.

When we got to my room, Larissa calmly walked into the bathroom, door wide open, pulled down her tiny black thong, and hissed out her long-held pressure for 3 minutes before emptying out completely. “There,” she said after, wiping herself, “I do want to be comfortable tonight after all.”

“Weren’t you desperate??” I asked, shocked. She smiled wider and told me she was just uncomfortable, but that it was no big deal for her large bladder.

After another two days of this same arrangement, with Larissa never looking the slightest bit uncomfortable, I confided in her shyly that I wanted nothing more than to see her desperate and see how long she could really hold it. Larissa smiled and said that since I had been such a good host for the past few days, she would do me this one favor. And so she peed that morning at 8 am like usual and drank her normal near-gallon or so of drinks throughout the day, resulting in a giant bulge of a bladder by the time we returned to the hotel room that night. At this point she would always go and hiss out her torrent of pee, but this time Larissa bypassed the bathroom with a smile at me and got into bed, still dressed in her black micro bikini. I asked her how she was doing and Larissa replied “I am uncomfortable but it is fine. You want me to make it worse, so I will let it get worse.”

We awoke the next day and Larissa had to shove a hand between her legs before getting used to the new pressure in her bulging abdomen. With some fidgeting we arrived down at the beach, now 24 hours since Larissa’s last pee. She told me that her bladder was aching now, but that it didn’t bother her all that much. I was shocked as Larissa began drinking like usual to add to the pent-up pressure. Her friends were also shocked when they saw her bladder and when she told them how long it had been since her last relief. When we got up for lunch Larissa had to grit her teeth to walk normally, and she sat cross-legged the entire time. She was clearly reaching her limit. As the afternoon wore on Larissa elected to stay on the sand and hold herself on her towel as her friends watched in awe at their bladder queen’s desperation. Surely none of them had ever seen Larissa push herself like this or actually get desperate to pee.

Amazingly, Larissa lasted until it was time to leave, and she hobbled with me back to the hotel, pain ripping through her abdomen. As we walked she kept hissing to me that she couldn’t make it and was sure to wet her thong bikini. I couldn’t believe what an extra day of holding had done to the confident iron-bladdered woman I’d met just a few days earlier. Larissa was moaning in agony as we entered the hotel and made our way to the room. The second we got in the door to the room Larissa, now bent double and clutching her giant bladder bulge with one hand and her thong-clad vagina with the other, scurried into the bathroom.

In a flash the thong was at her ankles, and Larissa sat on the toilet and yelled with relief as 38 hours of bladder-busting piss poured out of her. I couldn’t believe she’d held it that long, and was happy to have finally found the limits of my Brazilian bladder goddess. Her four minute stream finally ended, but Larissa sat on the toilet for many minutes more to regain her composure. The next day things went back to normal with her twice a day peeing. I suggested she try to hold longer again, but she just gave me a smile and declined, saying she’d given me a favor already. I stayed a few more days with Larissa before returning home. We exchanged contact information, but to this day I’ve never heard from her again. I only have these memories to remind me of my Brazilian bladder goddess, but my, what memories they are!

