Susan
  Note: This story contains Female Desperation, Female Wetting and Humiliation.
By: Roger Ireland (2003-06-26)

Chapter one

Susan sat at the wheel of her car, horrified. The traffic lights were red. She had only just stopped in time when the car in front, very close to the stop line, had stopped short after the lights went amber. Susan sat, horrified, because something had occurred when she stopped that she wasn't prepared for and her mind was still racing. Working out how to cope with it.

It had all started about half an hour ago when Susan, a Sales Negotiator for Perkins Brosswell, Estate Agents, had started to run late with her viewing schedule. Arriving back at the office from a positive viewing with Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, she found Mr. Bailey already waiting for her and anxious to see No. 47 Summer Drive. She had said a hurried goodbye to the Gardiners and, greeting Mr. Bailey, she led him to her car. Mr. Bailey was a good-looking guy of about 27 and Susan found him quite attractive. She also felt a little flustered by his calm demeanor and whenever that happened it annoyed her slightly.

As a result of her slight discomfiture in his presence she was trying hard to match his cool and calm, even though they were a little short of time to make the viewing appointment she had arranged. Then the idiot in front of her had decided he was going to stop at the lights after all instead of continuing as she had expected. She had braked quickly enough, but it had made her feel a little inadequate in front of her client. As if that were not bad enough, something else had happened when she braked that left her feeling numb as she sat waiting for the lights to change. She had peed in her knickers!

The lights changed and Susan drove off, driving automatically now and continuing her conversation about No. 47 with Mr. Bailey - ever the professional, our Susan. Her mind was also wrestling with the problem she now had, wet knickers! She wasn't sure how much she had done except that she felt a bit wet under her bottom as well as the crotch of her knicks so she knew there was a risk that she had slightly wet the trousers of her business suit as well. Her suit was a dark blue, not navy, but probably dark enough to hide a little wet spot, she hoped! 

Another worry was that she now realized that she was actually quite desperate to pee. In her hurry she had not really noticed her need until the sudden fright at the lights had brought it crashing into her consciousness. Although she was quite sure that Mrs. Belton, the owner of 47 Summer Drive, would let her use the loo there, it was very unprofessional to have to ask a vendor client. It was considered even more unprofessional to leave vendor and prospective purchaser together lest they say the wrong things to each other at a crucial point in the negotiations. All in all, Susan was in a difficult and embarrassing position. And, with a guy she found attractive factored into the bargain.

Why was it, Susan asked herself, that once you realized the need to pee it would insist on coming back into your mind stronger and stronger every few minutes? By the time they arrived at the Summer Drive property she was really quite desperate to pee. Susan did her best to keep from letting anyone see her behind. In the main bedroom there was a full-length mirror and when she checked, she couldn't see any wet patch so that made her feel just a little safer, but she was still needing to pee, and soon! The viewing seemed to take forever! 

Then Mr. Bailey wanted to see the garden! When they walked back into the kitchen from the garden Mrs. Belton had made coffee and when she asked him, Mr. Bailey said he would love a cup. Mrs. Belton said to Susan, "I've already poured yours dear, one sugar, if I remember correctly?" Susan had no choice but to sit and drink some of the coffee while they all talked about the house, which seemed very suitable to her purchaser, although naturally, he wasn't being too forthcoming. She could hardly sit still on the kitchen stool and stood up to leave as soon as Mr. Bailey put down his coffee cup.

Thanking Mrs. Belton, Susan left as quickly as she could but almost panicked when a spurt of pee escaped her efforts as she walked to the car. It wet her knickers some more and she felt a run down her left leg about halfway to her knee. Susan was desperate to get back to the office now, about a ten-minute drive away. She nearly passed out when Mr. Bailey asked her if she was all right! He said that she seemed a little nervous, was there anything the matter? What could she say? She explained that it had been a frantic day (if he only knew how frantic!) and that the pressure sometimes got that way and apologized for seeming nervous but there really was nothing the matter, She smiled at him and he smiled back very gently with a very genuine smile saying, "That's OK then."

The end came suddenly when Susan had to stop and wait for what seemed like hundreds of children to cross at the school crossing, she just could not hold on any more and she finally wet herself and sat there in her car with a complete stranger next to her! Susan was mortified! She was still peeing when the crossing warden waved her on, she just couldn't seem to stop. She realized there was no way to hide it from Mr. Bailey now, the warm slightly sweet, smell would give her away in a moment anyway.

So, gathering the last of her dignity she turned to him and said, "I'm awfully sorry, Mr. Bailey, but I have had an accident, I've just wet my knickers!" Her face was beetroot red and she could feel the heat in her cheeks as she spoke. Worse, she had to keep driving but then she pulled onto the side of the road and sat staring out of the windscreen as the full horror of her situation struck home. She would likely lose her job when Brosswell found out, he was her immediate boss, in charge of the branch where she worked and he was a ruthless bastard as she had found out to her cost once before. The wetness had seeped all round her bottom now and she felt as if she was sitting in a puddle, her legs were wet almost to her knees and there was a large wet patch on the front of her trousers which would be clearly visible to Mr. Bailey.

Mr. Bailey was saying to her, "You must feel awful Susan, can I call you Susan? You should have said something; no one expects you to be superhuman, we all have to stop for the toilet now and again."

"You don't know Brosswell!" She said, without thinking. Then said, "Oh God! I didn't mean to say that, I'm sorry Mr. Bailey. Please don't say anything, I'll lose my job."

"You most definitely will not!" He said, "I'll see to that, and call me Lloyd, please. Now what would you prefer to do? I presume you won't want to go back to the office like that. Do you want to go home and clean up or, if you like, my house is not far from here, up Crosswell Road, I could lend you something to go home in and you could leave me there."

Susan said, "you're very kind, I feel so embarrassed! I feel I shouldn't impose on you like that, really, but if we did go to your house I wouldn't have to call back over this side of town to bring you back and I could get straight back to the office after I'd been home to change would that be alright?"

"Of course it would," he said. "I'll ring your office and explain you are going to be a bit late, don't worry, I won't tell them you've wet yourself!"

Susan started towards Crosswell Road and on the way Lloyd called her office. She was amazed when she heard what he said. He spoke to Brosswell directly, and it seems he knew him well, something Susan was not aware of, because he said, very matter of factly, "Hi Geoff, Lloyd here, look your assistant, Susan, is taking me to see a couple of your other properties, and I want her to take details of another house I might get you to sell, so she may not be back this afternoon now, that OK? Good, thanks a lot Geoff, yes, I'll tell her. What's that? No- she's doing fine, thanks Geoff, see you tomorrow. Bye."

"There you are," He said, "Geoff isn't expecting you back at all now, but remind me to give you details of that other house or he will suspect something, He's a canny old bugger and we don't want him thinking I am trying to get off with you!"

"Oh I don't know," thought Susan as she glanced at him sideways, "I could do worse." Strange though it may seem, Susan, now that she had begun to get over her ordeal, was much less nervous but Lloyd seemed almost to be a bit excitable, not quite the cool, calm guy Susan had picked up at the office and done a viewing with. Susan noticed his excitableness but thought no more about it.

There was a bit more embarrassment for Susan when they got to Lloyd's house and she had to get out of the car. Her bottom and the back of her legs were soaking wet and showed clearly what she had done because her trousers were sticking to her legs. She had to stand and wait while Lloyd opened his house door and then run up the stairs with him watching. "There's several pairs of jeans in the wardrobe, front bedroom, and choose a shirt for yourself," he called up the stairs after her. "The bathroom's the middle door, I'll put the kettle on."

Susan stripped off her wet clothes and had a very quick shower, peeing again in the shower as she washed. Lloyd's wardrobe was well stocked and he appeared to have good taste. Of course, she had a good nose about! What woman wouldn't? She put on a pair of his jeans, not too bad a fit actually with the bottoms turned up, and a shirt that was too big but "lumberjack" style and it looked OK tucked in to the jeans.

She turned back the cuffs on the shirt as well and approved of what she saw in the mirror. When she went downstairs a few minutes later, Lloyd had coffee on the go, cups ready and had put a couple of towels on the driving seat of her car with a pile of newspaper on to weight them down. "I just thought we could dry some of the wetness from your seat," he said as he came in the front door. "Otherwise you will get a wet bum again and people will think you have wet your knickers". As he said that, he was looking at Susan with a slightly quizzical smile on his face and then said, "It's alright, really, laugh it off, it's the best way."

She laughed then and did begin to see the funny side of her ordeal as she said, "Thank you for being so kind and understanding about this, I don't wet myself in front of clients every day, you know, and it's a bit of a shock."

"I'm sure," he said, and then went on, "How do you find it, working for old Geoff Brosswell?"

Susan didn't know how to answer that because she really didn't like her boss but he was obviously quite friendly with Lloyd and there was that thoughtless comment in the car. She said, "I like the job very much, I enjoy the property business and I like meeting people but if I'm honest I do find Mr. Brosswell can be very demanding at times. I realize you know him, but he can be difficult at times."

He said, "Look, If you've no plans for this evening, have dinner with me and listen to a proposal I have to put to you, business proposal, I hasten to add, I think you might like the idea. At least we can get to know each other a bit better over dinner and you won't feel that I'm a complete stranger to you any more- and," he added, "you can give me my clothes back. What do you say?" Susan agreed to dinner and they sat chatting and drinking coffee for another half an hour before she left for home.


Chapter two

Lloyd picked her up on time that evening in a Range Rover. Susan had not given conscious thought to the type of car he might have but there had been a nice Mercedes on his drive that afternoon, so a discreetly colored sports type would have been her guess. There were obviously hidden parts to Lloyd's personality, he wasn't the predictable type, she thought. Dinner was at a fairly exclusive Italian restaurant in town, one that was well known for quality and a top-drawer clientele. Lloyd was the perfect host and Susan began to feel herself relaxing with him and genuinely enjoying his company. It was 10:30 before they thought about leaving and Susan went to the ladies' while Lloyd was paying the bill. There was no way she was going to risk wetting this dress!

On the drive back Lloyd said, "Would you like to come back for coffee? I'll run you home afterwards."

Susan thought about this, and then thought about something she had seen in his bedroom that afternoon, and then about how he seemed to get excited after she wet her knickers in the car. An idea was forming in her mind and so, to test her theory she accepted his offer of coffee saying, "OK, coffee would be nice, thank you, but I have to be at work early in the morning so don't keep me out too late!"

At Lloyds house, while he was putting the coffee on, Susan asked him, "Do you mind if I put these on again?" pointing to the carrier bag with his jeans and shirt in that she had given him earlier.

"No," He said, "If you want to, but why? You look great in that dress."

"I don't like to get it too creased," she said vaguely and disappeared upstairs. In his bedroom, she looked again in the wardrobe and carefully took out the magazine she had seen there that afternoon. She opened it and, as suggested on the cover, it contained pictures and stories all relating to girls with wet knickers or jeans and having wetting accidents. So she had been right, Lloyd was excited about her wetting accident this afternoon! It had turned him on! Susan quickly changed into the shirt and jeans she had worn home that afternoon, carefully laid her dress out on the bed and went downstairs.

Lloyd was sitting in the kitchen at the large wooden table he had there. Six matching chairs were set around the table and Susan chose one to the side of where Lloyd sat at the head of the table. He asked her what she thought of his offer of employment selling houses for him on the two new sites he was developing and told her about the site he had just bought in Spain for holiday villas- also to be sold next year. She had already made up her mind to accept but had no intention of telling him tonight- for two reasons that she had. One, that was not using clever negotiation tactics and he would have no regard for her negotiating skills if she accepted straight away. Two, she had faint stirrings of something for him and wanted to at least be sure of them before committing herself. So, she told him she was interested but needed a few days to think it over please.

He asked her if she had got over her "ordeal" of the afternoon and she told him she had but also that was partly due to his understanding and help. She said, "I don't often do that but it's not the first time it's happened."

"How's that?" he asked.

"Well", she explained, "I've always been so absorbed in what I'm doing at the time that I tend to forget about wanting to pee. It doesn't happen very often now but when I was younger, I would play outside until it was too late and I was always in trouble for wet knicks. Did you ever wet yourself?" she asked, "Any more coffee?"

Lloyd poured her another cup and said, "Once or twice, yes, but not in front of a client like you!"

"God, I was so embarrassed!" said Susan. Her cheeks went a bit red at the thought of it and he smiled at her. "Thank God I was with someone like you, you know, understanding, if I had been with old Brosswell he would have sacked me on the spot and made me walk home." They both laughed at that because it was typical of Brosswell's manner.

Lloyd said, "To tell the truth something like that only makes me feel protective and caring, I find it slightly exciting as well, something as intimate as that happening to strangers, if you understand what I mean."

Susan smiled, "I thought so, and you were even nicer to me after I wet myself than before."

With that a faint pattering sound came from under the table and Lloyd looked utterly shocked as he recognized the sound. Susan smiled at him and said, "I've just sat here and wet my knickers again, and your jeans! Go and look at page 27 in that magazine you have in the wardrobe. Then bring it down here and see if it matches how I look." For the second time in as many minutes Lloyd was shocked but he was gone like a shot and when he opened the magazine, sure enough, Susan looked for all the world like the cowgirl on page 27. Soaking wet jeans, wet legs, Lumberjack shirt and all. Susan was late for work the next day but she handed in her notice at the same time so it didn't really matter did it?

The day Susan left Perkins Brosswell, there was a small party in the office, begrudgingly attended by Brosswell who wished her well but doubted she would amount to much anywhere else. What he didn't know was that, while the party was going on, Susan made it her business to stand in every corner of both offices and even to sit in Brosswell's chair for a time. With the help of her "wet-look" gabardine mini-dress she was able to wee in every position she stood. She finally peed in Brosswell's chair through her dress. No one could tell and the small wet patch was put down to a spilled drink but his chair was never the same again. Susan savored the memory for quite some time and she would always remind Lloyd of it when he went to play golf with Geoff Brosswell!
