The Origins of Infinite Capacity-2

Author: Splashfics

2. Rest In Piss

The more she thought about what she was getting herself into, the more Chandra regretted her woeful lack of backbone. She was old enough by now to have had the conviction to put her foot down and leave Sara and Cordelia to their audacious plan. However, driven by unseen forces, she had left the comfort of her home and now found herself shivering in front of a shabby gate, bravely holding in a wee that wouldn't stop threatening to escape with every passing moment.

Darkness lay beyond the tattered barrier, well out of the reach of the nearest street lamp. Expectedly there were no other lights or lanterns to be found within the cemetery and Chandra's blood ran ice cold.

Cordelia, on the other hand, looked like she was enjoying herself a tad more than should be reasonably expected. To Chandra's horror, she made a gesture in her direction that could only mean you first... Chandra, of course, didn't budge and Cordelia grew immediately impatient.

‘God, Chunder, you're such a chicken. We aren't going to leave you, you know! I'll go over first then if you don't trust me...’

It was beyond Chandra as to why Cordelia felt the need to use ‘if’, but either way she was happy to oblige her whining and quietly watched her scale the large gate, stopping at the top to peer down before disappearing over the other side.

With Sara's reassurance that it would be okay, before she too hopped over, Chandra felt her arm had been sufficiently twisted and inched forward, placing a trembling hand on the gate's rusted surface. Before she knew it she had climbed the iron hurdle and found herself alongside her companions in the smothering darkness of the graveyard.

Chandra felt her chest tighten in the seconds before Cordelia flicked on her pocket torch. Grateful though she was for any kind of illumination, the small splash of light barely penetrated much farther than about a metre in front of them and it almost made their surroundings even more disagreeable.

Wasting no time, Cordelia marched ahead. Sara stuck closely to her side, again leaving Chandra half a step behind and trying desperately to keep pace. She wished they’d slow down a bit...

‘Hey. W-wait a moment, you're walking too fast!’

Chandra tried her best to move her legs more quickly, but Cordelia and Sara continued to outpace her, slipping further and further away. Faintly, Chandra thought she saw Cordelia turn to look back at her and she hoped this meant she had finally noticed and would stop to let her catch up, but the next moment Cordelia was whispering something into Sara's ear.

A chill ran down Chandra's spine as she realised what was about to happen... She screamed at the top of her lungs as she watched Cordelia and

Sara scurry off together into the deep darkness, leaving her entirely on her own.

Chandra wailed, terrified out of her mind. Without thinking, she chased after their footsteps, which crunched away rapidly over dried leaves. The torch light had been so faint, there was no chance of spotting it and before long even Cordelia's cackling laughter could no longer be heard. Right now Chandra didn't have even the strength to be furious. She was so scared, she felt she might start crying at any moment and to make an already dire situation worse, in her haste she happened to step on a slippery patch of vegetation, falling flat on her face. The pain fizzed through her as she bounced heavily on top of her satchel, grazed her palms on the surface of the path and finally burst into tears.

After several moments, Chandra sat up and still sobbing, rummaged inside her bag to check the damage. Feeling like an idiot, she realised the reason it hurt so much was because she too had been carrying a torch, albeit one that was now broken as a result of her falling on it...

The situation could hardly get any more dreadful; Chandra hadn't a clue where she was, her hands were stinging and most pressingly of all, she now really, really needed a wee. It was more than she could continue to put off and she knew she would have to go soon or face the very real possibility that the next fright would cause her over-taxed bladder to give up the ghost.

Dejectedly, she dropped the broken torch back into her bag and rose to her feet. Still shaking like a leaf, she knew she'd have to start moving if she wanted to go anywhere, so chanced a few tentative steps forward. The next moment a frosty gale howled through the trees, bringing Chandra's advance to a panicking halt. There had been not even a breath of wind the entire evening, so this sudden, chilling gust did more than unsettle her and that very moment she felt her legs turn from solid to liquid, before Chandra realised that the warmth spreading between her thighs was actually coming from inside her knickers...

‘Oh for crying out loud..!' Chandra whined, devastated that she’d let it come to this.

Determined not to completely cover herself in piss, she quickly snatched down her jeans and let out her burden onto the ground - or so she thought.

Not long into relieving herself, the trees above Chandra’s head happened to shift slightly, allowing the light of the moon to filter through and it suddenly dawned on her where and what she was weeing on.

As the light filled the surrounding area, she realised with an icy shiver that she was thoroughly desecrating some poor soul’s grave.

‘NO...!' she yelped, stopping her business at once and pulling up her trousers.

It wasn't even a little bit; she had managed to pee rather a lot on the mound of soil and had even created a bit of a puddle. All things considered, it didn't much matter that she hadn't finished; the way she saw it, peeing on somebody's grave was likely to be in league with the worst karma imaginable, so without another thought, she hopped up and ran away.

The cemetery however seemed to know it had been defiled and that very moment the same howling wind began to blow more fiercely than ever. Silhouettes of trees swayed maniacally, as if they, themselves were calling out in anguish. Chandra tried not to pay any attention to this, but she couldn't help notice that the most prominent sounds were coming from the direction of the unfortunate soul's grave.

She continued along the dark path before stopping suddenly. Chandra's eyes were now becoming used to the gloom and she recognised where she was standing. Just up ahead was the rusty gate she'd climbed over to get into the cemetery. Her heart raced. For just a moment, she considered staying where she was and waiting for Sara and Cordelia to show up, seeing as they were most likely still inside the depths of darkness. But then she remembered how spiteful they'd been in running off and deserting her, so she flipped them the imaginary bird and hoisted herself over.

To Chandra's disbelief, Sara and Cordelia were sat side by side on a bench across the road, staring at her as she landed on the pavement. Their gleeful faces were enough to make her want to shrivel up and disappear on the spot.

While she'd been going through hell, they'd nipped back outside to laugh it up.

‘Just how long would they have left me in there...?’ Chandra wondered miserably as she rued having even considered waiting for them.

How she wished she had the guts to flip them both the non-imaginary bird. Instead, she stared at the ground while Cordelia bantered her way back to her house.

Perhaps feeling a bit guilty, Sara tried to explain that it was only a joke and that they would have come back eventually, only - Cordelia interrupted

‘It was too much fun imagining you toiling away with the spirits and ghouls...*

She continued ahead, laughing harder than the joke warranted and Sara turned to ask Chandra if she really was alright. She'd noticed that Chandra's trousers were soaked and Chandra, not having realised until now how bad it was, looked down her front, horrified.

'I... was scared... so..!

She trailed off, unsure how to explain the whole incident, but immediately regretted her choice of words, which only served to add another couple of logs to the raging fire of laughter coming from Cordelia. Even Sara couldn't help giggling a little. Chandra had to admit, she did bring it on herself sometimes...

That night, instead of sticking around with Sara and Cordelia at Cordelia's house, Chandra returned home on her own. She was ever so miserable walking down the empty lane. The events of the evening had really hit home and for the first time, she seriously considered breaking ties with her ‘best’ friend. Up to that point she'd felt, despite how much of an influence Cordelia held over her, deep down Sara still had her back. Maybe she truly did, but witnessing her eagerness to revel in her suffering left Chandra feeling betrayed, as if Sara had wilfully crossed the line.

She went to bed straight away and slept terribly that night. For the life of her, she couldn't shake off the sensation of having made a massive mistake in stepping foot in the cemetery earlier.

As if just being there wasn't bad enough, the fact that she'd ended up so blatantly violating somebody's final resting place left her dreading some kind of comeuppance. She did feel rather silly...

The next morning though and over the next few days, Chandra would begin to realise that her feeling of dread was actually right on the mark. Something strange indeed was afoot and it took until the weekend for her to finally notice.
