Penny in Las Vegas
	A True Story
Author: Ant (1996'09)

The first thing I noticed when we got to our room in Las Vegas was the bathroom had a very large shower. No tub, but a five foot long shower. More than big enough for two people to shower together. Even more than that, more than enough room for two people to have alot of wet fun. "Ohh! That will be fun" Penny cooed as she saw it. But more than the shower, the large vanity/sink drew my attention. About 42" off the floor, a little high for a sink, was a beautiful marble counter top. "I want to see you squat over that sink. It will be a perfect height for me to see you go wee wee." I like to have my face right up to Penny's pussy when she pees. I love to feel it sprinkle on my cheeks as the flow shoots out. "Anything you want. This is our wet weekend."

"I want that to be special for you. I'll pee in the sink the next time I have to go REAL BAD. I have a little in me right now. Want to see me go in the shower?"

I would never turn Penny down when she wants me to watch. "Of course I want to watch. I have a little in me too. I'll go first."

Less then a minute latter we were both naked and in the shower stall. "Pee all down my chest while I rub my self. I want to try and cum." I didn't have to go that bad but I would give her what I could. I held my cock in my hand and aimed it at Penny's little chest. It was hard to start because I was getting excited seeing her rub her clitty, waiting for the flow to start. After about a minute, I relaxed enough to start the flow. The yellow stream hit her right in the neck, a little higher then I was aiming.

"Ohh!" She moaned. I aimed a little lower, now hitting her right nipple. "More.... I want more.." I could tell she was close to cumming. Just as my flow was ending, Penny started to shutter. "Ohh.. I want...to taste it." At that, Penny pulled my cock in her mouth and started sucking for all she was worth. Her tounge was licking right at the little slit, trying to get every last drop of pee off. I could here her fingers slidding in and out of her wet pussy. Soaked with both her juice and my pee mixed.

Needless to say, by this time I was rock hard, and real horny. "My turn baby. I want to see you wee!" We traded positions. Penny standing and I on my knees. "Want a little pee show? Watch this." Penny started to rub her hand up and down over her wet pussy. Then, all of a sudden saw her pee flow from between her fingers as she rubbed herself. "Like that baby? Like seeing me rub my statch while I pee from it?"

I was working away at my self pretty hard at this point. I got a little closer and felt the warm gold flow all over my cock.

"Cum on my belly!"

"I want to feel it on me."

Just as her flow stopped, I started to cum. I stood up at the last second and shot in her belly button. "You fill my belly button just right," Penny said as she reached over and turned the water on. "Just wait till tommorrow," she said, "I'm going to pee in the sink for you but it will be a suprise when." The next day, Penny and I went out to the pool at about 11:00 am. I couldn't beleve how many beautiful women were there, almost all of them in thongs! Penny caught my eye wondering.

"You can look as much as you want Ant." But I'm sure none of them will do what I'm going to do for you a little latter." I'm sure she was right but it was still nice to look. I saw one woman, she must have been about 24. She was laying on her belly on a raft in the pool. All she had on was a light tan thong with the string so far up her but it looked like she had nothing on. With her bikini top undone in the back. All I could think of was her having to pee real bad but not wanting to get out of the pool. How wonderful it would be if that woman just started to piss right there on the raft.

The whole time I was thinking about that, I was staring at her bare ass. Hoping, almost praying that she would just go right there. No such luck, as far as I know that is. Anyway, needless to say, the desert in the middle of August is HOT!!!!!!

I've never been there before but I knew it would be warmer than the east coast but this was like oven hot. "But its a dry heat" everyone says. Dry heat my ass, it's HOT! So Penny and I spent most of the time in the water. When we weren't in the pool, we were drinking a lot. Not a lot of booze but a LOT of water. This was a nice hotel so all they had by the pool was bottled water. Even at $1.50 a pop, it was worth it in this heat.

After a few hours I could see Penny starting to squirm. "Do you want to go up to the room now?" I asked. "Not just yet." She replies, "Get me one more water. Then when I'm done with that we'll go." One more? I could tell she was about to explode right now as it was. After I gave Penny her water I jumped back in the water. I kepted swimming past the woman on the raft. She had not moved for hours. She must have to pee by now. She had her legs opened alittle. I was about 15' away, staring at the little bit of cloth covering her pussy. "Come on..Come on..pee a little." In the middle of my fantasy I heard Penny. "Ant, let's go. It's time." I jumped out of the pool, trying to hide the lump in my shorts. I dried off as fast as I could (not too hard when it's about 115)! Penny was hopping from one foot to the other as she pulled her shorts up. I knew she was about to explode. "Lets go! I'm not too sure if I can make it!" I knew that last water wasn't such a great idea.

Penny grabbed my hand and pulled me through the casino, the lights of the slot machines a blur as we raced to the elevators. I could tell the ride up was touture for Penny. "I don't think I can hold it!!" I can feel it starting to come!"

"Just a little longer" I said. "It hurts so bad! I have to go NOW!!" I felt bad for Penny. She was doing this for me. The 23 floor ride seemed to last forever. Even after we got out we still had to walk a while. "You had to pick one of the biggest hotels in Vegas, didn't you?"

"It's good exercise," I joked as we ran through the halls. "Gimme the key. I just felt a few drops slip out. Oh no, I can't hold it!" Penny unlocked the door and was out of her shorts and bikini in one motion. "Come on, get in here with me." Penny hopped up on the sink and squatted over it as I pulled my suit off.

I was sooo excited by now that I just grabbed hold of my tool and started stroaking it. I knew I would only last a second when she started. Penny opened her lips and the spray shot right at the drain. "Ahhh" Penny moaned.

"I couldn't have held it another second." I looked down and saw her bikini on the floor, a little yellow stain in the crotch. I reached up with my left hand and let the flow run all over it. Then I slipped a finger inside her little pussy. "That's good." she whispered as the last few dropps left her pee hole. I could feel my self starting to cum again. At the last second I jumped up and exploded all over her wet pussy. I reached down and got some toilet paper and wiped Penny's pussy for her. "Thank you," she said "That was wonderful but next time.. I don't think I want to wait that long."

"Anything you say, baby. Now, lets get ready for dinner............" 
