The Picnic

Author: Tomb (1996'04) T#424

Sharon picked up her card. It was the 8 of hearts. "Lower" she said, hesitantly, "I hate 8s." She picked up the next card. It was the king of hearts. "Damn!" she said and started to undo her shorts. Soon she sat across from me in only her sports bra and brief blue cotton panties. It was my turn....

Sharon had joined our engineering group a couple of months before. We worked together on a design team and related well socially. Last week she had asked me if I'd like to go on a picnic with her. She had found a lovely park, she said, where we could enjoy the lovely spring weather and still be virtually alone. She certainly was right about that! From the small clearing where we sat we couldn't see any other people. When I remarked about that Sharon said that she'd gone to some effort to locate a spot where we would have privacy. We had eaten a light picnic lunch and washed it down with wine coolers. I could begin to feel the alcohol taking effect and was also becoming aware that I would need a toilet soon when Sharon got out a deck of cards and asked if I'd like to play a game of high/low. "You know the game" she said. "You draw a card, then guess whether the next card will be higher or lower." "If you guess wrong, you have to pay a forfeit."

"What will the forfeit be?" I asked.

"You have to take off an article of clothing."

Well, it was a warm day. Sharon has a lovely figure. Like I said, I was beginning to feel the alcohol and my body's not bad either... besides, I was going to win, right?

Sharon dealt the cards. I played first. I picked up the eight of diamonds. Ouch! even odds. "Lower" I said. The next card was the 4 of hearts. Sharon drew the 10 of diamonds, "lower" then the king of diamonds. "Well", she said, "I'm getting off to a fine start." and undid her sandals. She wiggled her bare toes in the grass and said "That feels good. You'll see for yourself soon enough."

On the next round I drew the ace of hearts followed by the nine of spades. Sharon drew the 6 of clubs, "higher" then the 3 of clubs. "Good thing it's a warm day." she said. She pulled the tail of her pullover out of her shorts. Then lifted it over her head and pulled her arms out of the sleeves. Underneath she was wearing a plain white sports bra. I could see the darker spots of her aureoles through it and the dents her nipples made in the light fabric.

The third and forth hands went quickly and neither of us had to forfeit anything. I was feeling good. I still had to pee, but not too badly. I was still fully clothed and Sharon only had her shorts and undies left on. It was a fine day!

In round 5 I drew the 10 of spades. Another easy win, I thought, "lower" and turned up the jack of spades. This was OK. Although Sharon had been wearing only sandals, I had on running shoes and socks. To keep things even, and because I was winning, I took off both shoes and socks. Now I was barefoot as well. Sharon was right. That grass DID feel good.

Round 6 was uneventful as we both avoided forfeits. My first card in round 7 was the 7 of clubs. I realized that 7s were dangerous but went with the odds "higher" and turned over the 4 of spades. I was going to have to take off something else. I thought about my options. Underneath my top I was wearing a white lacy push up bra. Under my jeans I had on plain pink nylon high cut panties. I decided to leave the shirt on. I stood up and undid my jeans. Sharon watched while I slipped them down over my hips, pulled my pink panties back into place and settled back down on our blanket. From a distance I might have on shorts, or a swimsuit bottom. Only Sharon was close enough to see my trimmed pubic hair slightly visible through the plain semi-sheer pink nylon.

In round 8 Sharon lost her shorts. Her blue panties had "Jockey" on the waistband and were totally modest. She could have sun bathed in what she was wearing and not raised any eyebrows. Even still wearing my shirt I felt undressed sitting across from her, and my internal pressure was still rising. I would really need a toilet soon.

The next 4 rounds were uneventful except for my growing discomfort. We were down to the last 4 cards now. I drew the jack of hearts, "lower" then another black jack. When I realized it was the jack of clubs and not the jack of spades, I almost relaxed. Sharon drew the 5 of spades, "higher" then the 2 of diamonds. She smiled demurely and worked the sport bra up and off her breasts then over her head. Released from the constraining spandex, her breasts were larger than I'd imagined, not as large as mine I noticed, a bit smugly perhaps, but nicely shaped and certainly attractive.

Her small nipples were slightly hard from the cool air. I was definitely antsy from the pressure to pee. I decided that since I was winning I would offer to stop the game now. That would save Sharon the embarrassment of stripping completely nude and also get me to the restroom quicker. Sharon refused. "I'm not shy about my body." she said. Besides, I've got to go as badly as you do, I'm sure." She may have. She should have. But she sure didn't look as uncomfortable as I felt.

I shuffled the cards to continue of the game. Sharon didn't even cut them. I have no excuses.

My first card after dealing was the 6 of diamonds. A bit risky I thought but not too, too bad. "Higher" Then I turned over the 3 of spades. It was forfeit time again, I unbuttoned the front of my plaid cotton shirt revealing the white lacy bra underneath. I mentioned that I could make out Sharon's nipples through her bra. Well mine showed rather plainly through the wisps of lace. It's a bra made for the bedroom, not sun bathing. Sharon smiled appreciatively and said "I always thought you had a gorgeous body but I never realized just how gorgeous. I've always wished my breasts were bigger, like yours."

After the first flush of embarrassment it wasn't too bad. I still had both panties and bra on while Sharon had only her panties. I still was the odds on favorite to win this. Sharon turned up the jack of spades, "lower" then the 4 of clubs. I quipped to her "yes, it's easy when you draw face cards." For two more rounds we both avoided any forfeits. I certainly needed a restroom now. When we'd come in I hadn't paid too much attention to where public restrooms were available but I remembered one back by the entrance. That was a long 10 minute walk and I would have to put on the rest of my clothing before I started. I suddenly realized I might not make it. Sharon had said she needed to go at least as badly as I. I began watching her more careful and indeed she was showing signs of agitation and fidgeting. I didn't think she could make the longish walk to the toilets without embarrassing herself either. That gave me some confidence. Maybe she knew of closer facilities.

On the 4th round I drew another 8. The 8 of hearts this time. "Lower" It had worked for me last time, but not this time. My next card was the jack of diamonds. Forfeit time again. I reached behind my back and undid the bra clasp, slipped the straps down from my shoulders and completely exposed my full breasts. Nice breasts, if I do say so myself. Sharon drew the 7 of diamonds. "Higher" Maybe she'd lose also and we'd be done. Then we could start for the toilets. Why wasn't Sharon more concerned? She was visibly fidgeting now and I could see that she was pressing her thighs together. I think she meant it when she said she might have to go worse than I. 9 of spades. We were both still in the game. One of us would soon lose her panties. Then it would be over and we could find relief.

It was to be me! The next card I drew was the king of spades.

"Lower" I said, confidently, and drew the ace of hearts. 

Sharon giggled. "Remember what you said about this being easy when you draw face cards?" she reminded me. Yes! I remembered all right. I stood up pushed my panties down past my hips revealing all that had been hidden 'til that moment. "There" I said. "I've shown you everything." "Now can we get dressed and start for the toilets?" I expected her to agree quickly and rush to dress. Imagine my surprise when she said "Let's play just one more round. If I lose you'll get to see me naked. If you lose I have a forfeit in mind."

I'd just lost on two consecutive hands. I was in a hurry. I never even asked her what she had in mind. I bent over, stepped out of the pink nylon that had been my last vestige of modesty, sat back down and picked up the 9 of spades. Oh oh, it just occurred to me that I could lose again and I had no idea what Sharon's idea of a final forfeit might be for me. I hesitated. still it was a nine. "Lower" I said with as much confidence as I could muster. "Definitely lower." The next card was the king of diamonds. I'd lost again. I couldn't believe it. Three losing hands in a row. [Author's note: Don't blame this on artistic liberty. I based this game on a computer simulation.] I looked at Sharon somewhat warily. "OK, what's my forfeit? and make it quick. I really gotta piss!" Sharon said "Then go ahead. Piss. That's your forfeit. I want to watch you piss."

Well, let me tell you I was horrified! I was brought up to piss behind closed and locked bathroom doors. In our home peeing was not a spectator sport! Apparently Sharon sensed my reaction. She tried to reassure me. "Look," she said, "I selected this spot very carefully. We'll not be interrupted or seen. I always intended to 'go' here and surely it's not like no-one has ever seen you pee before. If it will make you feel any better, I'll go first. Would you like me to take off my panties or just go in them?"

Was there no end of surprises in this woman? First she tells me she wants to watch me pee. Then offers to pee her own panties. I was becoming confused and more than a bit aroused by my intense need to go. Now I listened to Sharon talking openly about things which had always been taboo for polite people to discuss. I couldn't believe that she'd really pee in her panties. I told her as much. "I don't really believe you'd pee in your panties." When I said this, she parted her legs which had been pressed tightly together. "If you look at my crotch, I think you'll see, I already have, some." She was right. There was a definite dark patch in the light blue cotton. "That was accidental. I've been trying to hang on until you were ready to watch but I've wet my panties before and I'll do it for you now. Or if you'd rather, I'll take them off. As you can see I'm going to have to do something really soon. I'm about to pee! I'll go in my panties or take them off, your choice, but decide really quick."

I almost forgot my own desperation as I thought about Sharon's offer. I'll admit I wanted to see her naked. I'm a normal girl with normal sexual desires. I've got a steady boyfriend. I'm also attracted to a very few women. Sharon was one. Much as I wanted to see the rest of Sharon's body, I've seen naked women before. I had never seen one pee in her panties. I told her. "Sharon, I'd love to see you nude, I really would but I'd like to watch you pee your panties."

"I hoped you'd say that." With that she stood up smoothly, backed about 6 feet from where we were sitting, squatted down and spread her knees giving me a full view of her pantied crotch. "Come closer." As though in a trance, I closed the distance between us. I could have touched her. I knelt down in front of her so I could see better. From where I was now I could clearly see the damp spot in the lower front of her panties.

Suddenly, it seemed that the spot turned darker and glisteny. It grew and started to leak moisture. Now her panties visibly sagged from the weight of a pool of urine collecting inside. The wet area was growing. Now her panties were soaked from legband to legband. All of the doubled cotton crotch area was soaked and dark. Pee was cascading through the soaking blue cotton and into the grass in a solid stream. In less than a minute it was over. The cascade shrank and finally subsided into a drizzle. Then only drips as the pool drained itself and the soggy cotton gave up it's water content.

I watched Sharon's hand move to her crotch and press the panties against her skin. At first I thought she was pressing moisture from her wet panties but I as I watched the movement of her fingers I realized that there were other objectives. I surprised myself by telling her. "If you wait 'til I'm done peeing I'll help you with that." She had closed her eyes. I think she'd forgotten me altogether in her ecstasy. Now her eyes opened and she smiled sweetly. "I'd like that. Are you ready to go now?"

Was I ready? Was she kidding? I'd been ready to go for what seemed like an eternity.

Still on my knees I moved around her to get off the area where we'd been sitting. She was on her knees now. We faced each other some 4 feet apart and she was leaning forward some to see me better. I spread my knees, leaned back to give her a better view and relaxed. Nothing happened! Even though I really had to go something was inhibiting my ability to do this. I had to push to get it started. Now I wanted to go. I wanted to please Sharon. To have Sharon watch while I peed. I really did! So help me, what I did next was not planned. I had no idea what was about to happen. I'd never done this before, you see. When I pushed out that pee a thick pale yellow stream arced from my crotch, across the space between us, and hit Sharon full in the chest. I couldn't stop! I was so embarrassed I couldn't even move. I watched in horror as my urine ran between Sharon's breasts and down her flat stomach, to soak the front of her panties before finally spilling between her legs and onto the ground.

I wanted to say "I'm Sorry, Sharon!" I actually started to. Then I looked at her. She had arched her back and closed her eyes again. Her right hand was back between her legs, kneading her wet panties, now as wet from my pee as from her own. Judging from her demeanor, she wasn't going to be upset with me. I didn't understand! How could she not be angry and upset? After all, I'd just peed all over her. If she'd done that to me I'd be screaming and complaining... She was reveling in it. If her expression and body language were any clue, she was greatly aroused.

"I, uh, I'm sorry" I stammered. "Don't be" she reassured "I loved it!" "It reminded me of the special times I spent with my 'wet' lover when I lived in Monterey. We would go out together at lunchtime and wet ourselves under our skirts in a public park or down on the beach. The day before I left she told me she wanted to do something very special for me. She had me undress and lay down. Then she knelt over me and wet all over my body. Then she lowered herself onto me and we loved each other. I really wanted you to wet on me for your final forfeit but I feared you would refuse and I didn't want to give you any reason to be upset with me."

Well, she was sure right about that. I wouldn't even have considered it. Then I went and did it anyway.

I moved within reach and placed my right hand over her own while my left hand cupped her right breast. She moved her right hand out from under mine and I felt the light touch of her fingers between my parted legs. Her breast felt slick and the warm moistness of her panties over the softness of her body was fueling my own passion. She slowly lowered herself onto her back drawing me with her and guiding my face and lips to her other breast. I reflexively kissed her now erect nipple and tasted a tartness that surprised me momentarily. It was my urine. Sharon's breasts were still wet with my pee. I started to draw away, shocked, but Sharon held my face against her breast and whispered. "It's OK, really. Keep going." So I did. Soon we were lost in passion, carrying each other to highs I had previously only dreamed about.

When it was over, we laid, exhausted, in each other's arms. I asked her about her friend in Monterey. "Did you 'Really' pee in your clothing in public?" "Sure" she said. "Of course you can't wear slacks, but in a medium length loose skirt and the right panties it's easy to pee in public without anyone noticing." "I still do it now and then." Like I said, Sharon and I work together. I had noticed that she wore skirts more frequently than the other girls in the office and I had noticed that some days her perfume seemed stronger in the afternoon. Now I realized that she was probably covering the odor of damp panties. "Could I go with you sometime I said?" "Someday when you're planning to wet yourself?" Was that me saying that? What was I thinking of? "Oh, would you?" "I can't tell you how,happy that would make me." Well, at that point I'd have done almost anything to make Sharon happy. Even consider her next request. "Maybe you'd like to try it yourself...?"

But that's another story.....  
