Deepika's College Life Ch. 08-09
	Deepika is further degraded, and takes a turn for the worse.
Author: sin138

This is a continuation of the degradation of an NRI Deepika, while in India. To fully enjoy the story, read from "Deepika's college life, chapter 1-2." Whenever any character is not speaking in English, it will be in italics within the quotations. If it's just Italics alone, then it will be a phone message. This chapter may contain content that may offend others, please read the tags if you wish to know the contents. For everyone else feel free to enjoy the content. Everyone involved in any sexual activity is at least 18 years old. I hope you enjoy the story.

Chapter 8 - Revulsion vs Adoration in the gym

"What??" Deepika panicked. "That wasn't part of the deal!!"

"Bitch, you really think I care whatever deal you have with these guys?" Hridhya taunted. "I still have the video of your foursome in the bathroom, so I would shut up if I were you."

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

Deepika sat on the bench, feeling helpless. She did not take into account of Hridhya's involvement.

"If my seniors here of this-"

"They are not my seniors," Hridhya interrupted. "Plus they told me I can do whatever I want with the video."

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

"Ok, Deepika," she sighed. "I'll delete the video, if you do this little thing for me."

"You left me in the school naked!" Deepika retorted. "Why would I trust you would destroy it?"

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

Hridhya, feeling annoyed at Deepika approached. She then pressed her foot on Deepika's wet cunt.

"Well if you don't do it, you can trust that the video will be sent to everyone in the school. This school does not tolerate even drugs here. You will be expelled for sure, if this gets out."

Deepika wanted to talk back, but all she could think about is how turned on she is with the pressure on her mound. Hridhya smiled, knowing how to control her.

"These guys paid to have a tart like you for the night, so all you have to do is act like a whore, and do what they want with a smile. Take this actually," Hridhya took a large chunk of brownie out of her purse.

"What's this?"

"It's a thank you for being such a good sport," Hridhya smirked, as she shoved the brownie into Deepika's mouth.

Deepika gulped down the really sweet brownie. It did, however, taste funny. It did not matter, since Hridhya's hand was over her mouth, until she swallows. It would be awhile for the cannabis to act.

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

"Well, we can't these lovely customers waiting," Hridhya laughed.

She opened the doors. Anuj was the first to step inside. Dilip, came in afterwards. He was infamous for his absurdly poor hygiene. She was told by Priya, that he would touch the cadavars with his bare hands, and he does not bother washing his hands, as long the professors are not watching. Two other guys, who she did not know, entered. Her eyes widened when the last person came. Priya's boyfriend, Ahmed also entered.

"Hey guys!" she greeted the people who came. "As promised, one NRI slut, to do anything you want. I of course have to head back home, but you guys enjoy. It is worth the 100Rs."

"Hridhya, please," Deepika pleaded.

"You're not really convincing me of helping you Deepika," she taunted.

"I can't fuck Ahmed," Deepika told her. "It will destroy Priya."

"Then don't tell that bitch," Ahmed laughed. "If she did not want me to fuck other bitches, she shouldn't be such a prude, and let me at least her naked."

"Problem solved," Hridhya smirked.

She whispered something in Anuj's ears. She then wished everyone goodnight. Anuj locked the door, and walked towards Deepika. Deepika observed the five people, stroking their cocks.

"Do the other guys know what's going on?"

"They may not feel ok with you meeting new friends," he laughed. "So it's just me and these guys, and it will remain like that. Do not tell them what happens tonight, I just have to tell Hridhya, and you're done."

"Please...Can I at least cum?"

"Of course you can," Anuj laughed, sticking his fingers inside her. "But we get to decide when."

The gang of boys happily walked towards her until, Anuj's phone rang.

"The pizza guy is here!"

"Is he at the gate?"

"Yup, the bill is 900Rs."

"Let Deepika get it, no?"

"Outside," Ahmed asked. "Where other students, or more importantly the staff might see her?"

"I told him to go to the back gate, choot," Anuj retorted. "No one ever goes there."

"I go there," Ambuj spoke.

"Yeah to pick up weed," Ahmed laughed. "That's the only reason anyone would go there."

"Yeah," Anuj laughed. "I'll take her. Guys, let's have her try to convince the delivery boy to not charge us. If she doesn't, then the phones are out."

"Would Hridhya care?"

"She wouldn't have left this slut with us if she did," Anuj laughed

"NO!" Deepika exclaimed. "The idea is to not let more guys find out!"

"You better watch your tongue," Anuj threatened.

"Chill man," Ahmed smirked. "We won't show the video to others if you don't want to, but that means you better smile like a pretty model, and suck like a porn star. Yes means yes, no means yess."

"Fine," he grinned. "I need Deepika's panties."

"I don't think her clothes are here."

"What a whore," Anuj laughed. "Take of your boxers, Ambuj."

"Why?"

"When was the last time you washed your clothes? Two weeks?"

"When was the last time he took a shower?" Ahmed laughed.

"Choots," Ambuj scowled. "3 weeks for the shower, and 2 months for the clothes."

"That's why," Anuj replied. "I'm gonna cover her face, so no one will recognize her."

"Thaaanks?" Deepika replied nervously.

"I'm not doing this for you," Anuj snapped back. "If we get caught, we too will get kicked out of the hostel."

Ambuj removed his pants, and his boxers. He then put on his trousers, and while Anuj covered her head with his underwear. The stench entered Deepika's nostrils. Does he also piss in his boxers? It smelled like the boxers themselves are farting into her face. To ensure she could not see at all, they also tied his banian, tightly against her eyes. They also kept his fly open so she could at least breathe.

None of the light from the gym penetrated the boxers. Deepika was completely in the dark.

She felt someone's fingers hooking inside her pussy. She was told to walk towards the direction of the fingers.

"Don't get caught," Ahmed sneered. She heard the door the lock as Anuj pulled her out into the open, wearing nothing but a mask, and her sneakers.

"It's hard to keep a grip, with your snatch being this slippery," he laughed.

They kept turning from one place to another. Sometimes they stopped, and she felt hands fondling her tits. Other times she hears some people talk to Ambuj, but she doesn't know what he's telling them. Her only relief is that he never mentioned her name. A couple of girls spoke in English.

"What the fuck Anuj!"

"Who is this slut?"

"You bitches don't put out so I hire hookers," he retorted. "You got a problem with that? I'll tell everyone you sucked my dick, if you tell this to the warden."

"You got issues," one commented, feeling disgusted, as they walked off.

"Well, fuck you too."

"Aren't you worried about getting caught?" Deepika whispered. She found it difficult to keep her composure with the constant rubbing from Anuj's hooked fingers inside.

"With the donation my papa gave to this place, they can't touch me," he bragged. "These fuckwads already know I'm horny motherfucker, so why hide it."

After it seemed quiet, Deepika angrily spoke out, "I'm gonna tell the other guys what you are doing you bastard."

"If you do, then the video will be spread to everyone in the college," he sneered. "I know you won't tell anyone, for that reason only. Also I wonder what Priya would say when she finds out you are fucking her boyfriend."

"You're a prick Anuj," she replied. However he was right. She can't complain to the others, if she wants to keep her decency with everyone else.

"This is what you deserve for humiliating me," he snapped. "You made me take that dildo up my asshole, remember?"

"I drank your jizz, and right now, I'm walking around naked," Deepika snapped back. "And you're bitching about one thing after all the crap you guys made me do."

"You, are nothing, but a slut," Anuj spoke to her in a threatening manner. Deepika started to feel a little frightened.

"Those other pussies don't get that. Rupesh, Abhishek, nor Zakir, think we should treat as a person. We don't have to. You're a slut. You're not even a girl. Girls have respect, whatever little they deserve. It's wrong to make a girl suck a dick and swallow, even if that's all they are good for. Sluts however do that. I can piss on a slut, tear their clothes, or leave them in a jail cell to get raped. The best thing about sluts is that I don't need their permission. They'll enjoy it anyway, even if they tell you they don't."

Deepika stayed silent. Something seriously feels wrong with Anuj. She is not sure whether she should tell the others about what she heard, or a psychiatrist.

After walking, for what seemed like forever, the boxers came off. They were finally at the back gate. Along with three more people, two of which she recognized, Dilip and Kumar.

"Is that Deepika!?" Kumar exclaimed in a surprised manner.

"Fuck! Nice one Anuj!" Dilip reacted.

"Fuck!" Deepika reacted back, as she tried to cover breasts and slit with her hands.

"I didn't tell you to cover yourself, bitch."

The two extra dudes high fived Anuj, leaving some other girl on the floor.

"YOU!!" she screamed in Kannada.

Taken aback, Deepika was about to ask who she was, until she recognized the face. It was the girl at the hotel.

Sneha remembers that ordeal too well. After she came back, she demanded the she should take the university entrance exams again. The entire family laughed, since out of all the girls, she scored the lowest on the exams. They kicked her out of the hut for showing such attitude, yet not smart enough to take any tips from the other customers at the hotel. She ended up in Lengavi, after travelling to wherever she can, with just her body.

"Trust me guys, she's awesome.", Anuj told the others, in hindi.Who's this slut?

"Some whore we found on the street, but fuck that bitch you got that NRI chick. We gotta know how that feels."

"Find out for yourselves. That lyingchoot of a pizza guy is not here."

"Great" one said enthusiastically. He then turned to the Sneha and spoke to her in Kannada.Fuck off bitch, we got someone else to play with."

"But you said I can stay here, if I do what you tell me."

"Are you stupid?" Dilip taunted. "This is a hostel. Where are we gonna keep you?"

"Chill man," Anuj said back. "We have some more guys fucking Deepika, back at the gym. We're just getting some pizza. Let's bring the hooker along. She can sleep there, and I'm sure they won't mind an extra whore."

"Sweet, let's go then."

"Yeah, meet you guys there."

As soon as the three people left, the pizza guy finally came. He was taken aback at the site of a naked teenager

"Umm, what is this?"

"Your tip," Anuj smiled. "She just wants to show her appreciation. I'm guessing that's for Anuj, yar?"

"Umm...yes sir," the delivery boy answers uneasily. "That is 900Rs sir."

"Deepika, give him the cash," he winks at Deepika. She knew what was expected.

Deepika approaches the worker, and gives him the money. She then went down on her knees and unzipped his pants. The stunned pizza delivery froze. He always saw it on porn videos, but never has this happened to him. Deepika releases his member and starts sucking on it. She swirls her tongue around the bulb end. She releases off his dick to retract the skin, and start pressing on the tip. Proving to be too much for the poor boy, he ejaculates straight onto the ground. Deepika licks up the last drop hanging on his cock, and stuffs it back into his pants. Anuj took the pizza and had Deepika hold it, while he puts on the smelly blind fold on.

Deepika struggled to carry the boxes as they walked. It was bad enough she couldn't see, but now she has some pizzas to carry, with the smell teasing her taste buds, along with Anuj's fingers between her legs. Thankfully no one seemed to be present, as she did not hear noise from the surroundings. They finally reached to the entrance. One of the boys took the pizza as another one removed the disgusting boxers from her head.

"About time," Ambuj rejoiced. "Can we hurry this up, I gotta study."

"Seriously?"

"We got exams coming in a couple months benchodh."

"Fine, but before you go, wanna get a blowjob from this slut?"

"Oh I want more than that," he laughed as he undressed. "Spread your legs bitch."

Deepika followed, while sitting on the bench. She could smell him as he got closer to her.

"I don't bother taking baths, because that's a woman's job," he snickered. "You are to clean me, like how a cat would."

"Dude, what the fuck," one of the boys exclaimed, in disgust. "We all have to take a fucking bath you choot."

"That's your complaint?" Ahmed blurted. "I don't wanna see this pig naked, while I'm eating. Plus it's killing my boner."

"Fuck off," Ambuj retorted. "I'll be done as soon as you pricks finish eating."

He then turned to Deepika, and told her what to do. "While you lick the areas I want you to, you are to meow like a cat, while I record with my phone."

She is trying to figure to out be more disturbing, Anuj's psyche, or this weirdo's fetish.

"It's fine if you don't want to do this," Ahmed laughed, seeing Deepika's apparent discomfort. "If you want, you can make love to me."

"I can't," Deepika cried. The last thing she wanted to do was betray her roommate.

"I like that idea," Anuj smiled. "You must lick this pig with your tongue, or you must fuck Ahmed."

"Seriously," a disappointed Dilip asked. "You are giving her a choice between stinky Pete and John Abraham? How is that a fair choice?"

"Trust me, for her it is."

The smell of the boxers, really put her off. Ambuj had a giant potbelly, which was sticking out of his shirt. She is not sure if his hair was that greasy, or if he used too much gel. She then turned to Ahmed. She has seen him topless in the fashion shows in the past. She would imagine him walking around topless to class, just to have a glimpse at his chiselled abs. She does not know if he was naturally hairless, but considering he was the only person here whose pubes are not jutting out of his pants, he must understand the value of trimming. His fair skin was spotless. Even at his current creepy demeanor, he had a face that seemed more comforting. She knew his smile was that of a pervert, but it looked more like happiness from a lover. It was obvious who she wanted to share her body with between the two boys.

However, she would not be able to look at Priya the same way, if she chose Ahmed. Deepika decided to walk towards Ambuj, much to his excitement. She tried to ignore the stench from his body. She was about to kiss him when got a whiff of his horrendous breath. She shut her eyes to block out the picture.

"Eyes open cunt!"

As soon as she did, it started to water. She can smell the fish he had in the mess from last Tuesday. She could not take it. Not being able to tolerate anymore, she ran straight towards a gleeful Ahmed.

"To be honest," Dilip smirked. "We don't blame you."

"That cunt was about to do it with me," Ambuj whined.

"Chill, man," Anuj replied. "You wanna try this whore?"

"Take this bitch then."

Anuj grabbed the confused Sneha. Deepika and Ahmed started to kiss passionately while she started taking off his shirt. She felt her breasts squish against his torso, while his erect penis poked her tummy.

"I paid to fuck Deepika, not this homeless randi."

"I'll pay the money back," Anuj offered. "No harm done?"

"Keep the money," Ambuj told Anuj. "I just have one condition, which I'll tell she finishes with Ahmed."

"No problem," Anuj smiled. He then told Sneha, in Hindi what she was expected to do. He then turned to Ahmed.

"Hey can you try to not to make her cum?"

"I have no problem with that," Ahmed replied, as he caressed Deepika's breasts.

She approached the dirty Ambuj, and started tonguing him. Happy, he started pushing her lower, down to his excessively hairy chest. She could taste the salt from his sweat on his body. Soon she was done, he lifted his arms.

"Clean my armpits."

She reluctantly complied. The smell was horrendous, and she nearly gagged at the taste. She felt his hands grope her breasts. He tore off her clothes, leaving her in her underwear. She continued down to his arms, and down his belly. She got used to the stench and filth from this pervert.

The rest got so turned off from this freak-show they decided to watch Ahmed fucking the NRI. In hindsight, they realised they should have watched that instead, of the weird scene in the other side of the room.

Both, the NRI, and the Indian were on the floors, while Ahmed was lightly licking Deepika around the nipples. She desperately fought hard to not moan in pleasure. She wanted to cry, for betraying her friend like this, but she felt even worse, because she always fantasized this moment, since he saw her naked in the fashion show. While he caressed her breasts with his tongue, he used his right hand to finger her slippery snatch. The tension from the "anatomy lesson" with the girls, made extra desperate to cum.

Meanwhile, Sneha finally reached to Ambuj's groin. It was extremely bushy, and dark. The cock was hard and erect, with the foreskin still covering the tip. She lifted his penis up to start sucking on his hairy scrotum. Ambuj eyes rolled upwards, as she continued sucking it like a jaw breaker. Her tongue went deeper between his legs, until she reached his asshole. While licking the area, her other hand slowly drifted towards her sex, and started rubbing it. She never obtained an orgasm throughout the day. None of the men, she fucked seem to care about her own release.

While eating their pizza, the others were watching Deepika slowly remove Ahmed's pants. As she assumed, he kept his groin, trimmed. She started to lick his circumcised penis, like a lollipop, as directed. Deepika started to smile. The guys watching took out their phones to record the whole event. Even Ahmed was a little shocked that this visibly sexed up, yet upset girl was now having some stupid grin on her face. Only Deepika knew the truth. The brownie, she was given, is now fully in her system. Whatever guilt she may have felt, is now being blocked by the THC in her blood. Enthusiastically, she bobbed her head up and down, on Ahmed's penis, while everyone eagerly taped it.

While Ahmed was enjoying his first blowjob, Ambuj turned around to spread his cheeks, for the teenage prostitute. He told Sneha to clean the hard to reach areas. Submissively her tongue went closer, until it touched his gaping and dirty asshole. She felt some debris flake off from his anus, but she kept on. Disgusted by what she was doing, she got used to the taste thanks to practice in the past. Anuj, and Dilip turned around to watch the show. Part of it, sickened them to see the Sneha, perform this act on someone, who clearly does not know the wonders of water, or toilet paper. However another part of them, are turned on seeing a girl, who understood what her gender is good for, in their own sick, twisted view.

"Don't suck anymore, slut," Ahmed said, as he stopped Deepika's head. "Get up."

Deepika obeyed. She then felt Ahmed, lift her up with his muscular arms. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around his waist, as he carried her towards the wall. They struggled to insert his penis inside her, but they finally pulled it off. They both gyrated amongst each other as the others gazed at the scene. Any thought of Priya, was forever gone, she was actually fucking one of the hottest batch mates in college. Even better, he actually put effort to make her have a good time. She felt the fire within her spread throughout her body, any hotter, and she will certainly explode. She felt his thrusts become faster and harder. She was so close she can feel the inevitable orgasm, being built up.

