Mimi's Mishap!

Author: Watcher, January 1997

Chapter One

Let me try and describe Mimi to you. She was fairly petite, dark long hair, blue eyes, and a really cute figure. To me, a cute figure means a pretty face, slender thighs and long shapely legs. Personality comes into the picture too - gentle but not a push over. I could only guess about the details of Mimi's legs, because before we dated I only saw her wearing lose fitting jeans - but I could tell she had a nice tight shape.

It was at another of our departmental picnics beside a lake, that we really connected. Mimi was wearing a pair of blue jean cut offs, and I had been admiring her lovely legs all afternoon. We had been playing a game of Frisbee right at the water's edge, and both made a dash for the Frisbee as it landed in the water just underneath some rocks. Mimi ran out to the edge of the rocks, while I splashed into the water. Just as Mimi was stooping over to pick the Frisbee out of the water, I reached it first and quickly scooped it up. As I did so, I also scooped up a large quantity of water, which ended up splashing right onto the front of Mimi's crotch!

"Oh! It's cold" she shrieked as the cold water hit her wonderful warm body, and she immediately pressed her hands tightly against the wet front of her cut-offs. "You've embarrassed me" she said accusingly, her face blushing deeply "You've made me look like I've wet my panties!"

I looked down at her soaking crotch. I had been admiring Mimi's legs all afternoon, and was already quite aroused. But the sight of little trickles dribbling down the front and insides of her slender thighs was irresistible. I just stood there staring as the trickles ran down her legs over her knees and into her sandals. After quite a few seconds (you guys will understand!) I turned away from her for a moment to 'reposition' my own clothing and get more comfortable. When I turned back towards her she was giggling. "Does it turn you on to see my wet shorts and dripping legs" she asked teasingly, squeezing her legs together and bending her knees slightly.

Now it was my turn to blush, but I looked straight into her beautiful face and said quietly- "Yes, very much - it's fantastic!"

She placed her hand on my arm, and in a moment her hand slid down into mine and we started to walk back towards the others hand-in-hand.

"What about your wet shorts?" I asked, "aren't you embarrassed?"

"I'm not, if you're not!" she said, "but we can walk along the shore for a few minutes - they'll soon dry off in the hot sun."

In a few minutes we were out of view of the rest of the group, so I lead her towards some rocks where we sat down. I put my arm around her and drew her close. Soon we were kissing.

"I've always liked you" she said, "and I'm so glad this is happening - even if it takes wet shorts to do it!"

"And I've always found you very, very attractive - and, yes, wet jeans do turn me on! But it would be even sexier to watch you wet your p- !" I stopped short, I was so preoccupied with my fantasy, that I'd just blurted - instead of saying what I meant to say, which was "But it would be even sexier to watch you wearing wet panties!"

Mimi was silent for a moment, then she squeezed my arm and whispered into my ear "I thought you were going to say that it would be even sexier for you to watch me wet my pants. Now, would it?" She giggled again "Come on - tell me honestly!"

"Yes, it would" I said, putting my arm around her.

"Well, I'd better take off these damp shorts now" she laughed and pulled them off. She was wearing a red swim-suit underneath, and it was hard to tell if it was completely dry. She saw me looking at them and giggled again, stretching her legs out in front of her, then drawing up her knees so she could rest her chin on them. Her thighs, legs and feet were my dream!

"My swim suit is completely dry - so there!" and she put on a mock pout, then grinned and kissed me again.

After the picnic, I suggested we get a ride back to college in Marsha's van. By the time we were ready to go, the van was full of picnic hampers etc., and there was only a little space right inside the tailgate door where we could sit down on the floor. I spread a few towels on the floor to make it softer, then sat down with my back resting against the side of the van, stretching out my legs in front of me.

"Where am I going to sit?" Mimi asked, as she stood beside the open door. She was standing with her legs slightly crossed, her knees pressing against one another, slightly bent. It was a stance guaranteed to turn me on, given her fantastic legs. She had put her shorts on again - they were indeed completely dry.

"Right here" and I pointed to the space between my knees. She sat down with her back to me and leant back against me. I held her close and started to kiss the back of her neck. She squirmed with delight and drew her legs up to her chin. I pressed the palms of my hands against the lower part of her tummy and gently pulled her tightly against me.

"Don't squeeze me too hard right there" she said softly, "I've been constipated for a few days, and it makes my bladder feel much fuller than it usually does."

"OK" I said, "I'll just have to touch you in other places." So I caressed my hands down her side, and pressed against her thighs, then gently slid my hands onto the front of her thighs down to her knees, and then passed my hands slowly back down the back of her thighs. Mimi pressed down on the floor with her hands and raised her seat, and I pressed tightly against her bottom. Marsha started the van, and we drove slowly through the traffic. Soon we were in a traffic jam due to an accident, and crawled slowly along. Suddenly Mimi caught her breath and gasped "I'm getting cramps in my tummy!" she squirmed around and then was still. Gently I caressed her lower tummy.

"Are you OK now?" I asked.

"I think so" she said softly, "it's probably only gas."

After a few minutes she squirmed around again, I could sense her grimacing in discomfort. I held her arms while she pressed down with her hands, raising herself off the floor and caught her breath. She passed gas with a loud fart which I could hear over the sound of the engine. Then she relaxed and breathed deeply.

"That feels better" she sighed, resting back against me.

I spent the next few minutes caressing her as before and gently nuzzling her ears, while she teased me by pretending to squirm away. Suddenly she tensed as a much more severe cramp made her writhe in discomfort. She leant forwards, clasping her hands under her knees.

"Oh no" she gasped, "I'm going to dump in my pants!"

"Turn around and kneel facing me" I said. She did so, and knelt between my knees, resting her hands on my shoulders while she grimaced in pain. I gently slid my hands underneath her shorts so that she was sitting on my hands, - not too tightly, but she rested some of her weight on me. She looked at me, blushing hard.

"I'm sorry" she said almost crying, "I can't help it." Another cramp made her clutch her tummy with one hand while she winced in pain, closing her eyes tightly. "I'm going to have to go." She groaned, straightened her thighs and placed both hands on my shoulders so that she was in a more upright kneeling position. By this time the van had stopped and the engine was barely audible in the back. Mimi took a deep breath and strained, bearing down hard as she pressed down on my shoulders. I heard another burst of gas, and felt a slight bulge in her shorts.

"Don't press too tightly" she almost cried out as she strained again. There was a soft 'thrp-thrp-thrp' sound and the bulge in her panties grew larger. I looked down at her shorts, and there was a damp patch spreading down from her crotch. Obviously her straining was making her wet her panties as well. In a few moments she gasped out with the effort again, the damp patch became a soaking flood which ran down over her knees onto the towels, and I felt her panties fill until they were bursting.

Chapter Two

A few days later Mimi invited me over to her apartment for dinner. She was busy getting the meal together when I arrived. "I'm really sorry about what happened in the van last week" she said shyly, "thanks for not being embarrassed or turned off by my mishap. I was afraid maybe you wouldn't want to see me again!"

"Oh, don't worry" I said laughing and taking her hand "Don't be embarrassed - I know this sounds kinda kinky - but you really looked very sexy when you wet your panties!"

She giggled "I thought maybe you enjoyed seeing me wet myself," she said, "Actually, I didn't find it an unpleasant experience at all!" Mimi paused for a moment then looked at me: "Sometimes I avoid going to the bathroom all afternoon, and by the time I get home to my apartment in the evenings I'm really ready to go. I just stand in the shower stall and let myself slowly wet my pants, I like the feeling of the wetness soaking the insides of my jeans legs and running down over my feet. Then I just turn on the shower and wash myself clean!

"I'd give anything to watch you do that" I said, 'tell me more" I urged her.

"OK - do you remember when we went skating on the canal last month?" I said I did. "Well, when we were back at the car taking our skates off I really was bursting, and had to let go a bit - that was why I didn't take off my long jacket when we went to your place for coffee. I'd wet my pants a little and was embarrassed - and when you held me and kissed me goodnight - I just had to let go again and really soaked my jeans!"

"I wish I'd known" I said "- would you do it again?" I asked.

"Yes - after dinner I know I will be more than ready. I'm quite full right now, a little desperate in fact, and after a drink or two I'll really be bursting.!"

"We could eat later," I said, "and you could have a couple of beers now!"

Mimi sat down, and over the next half hour or so finished the two beers. She began to squirm around a little, then leant forwards, clasping her hands together behind her knees. Then she crossed her legs and jigged her foot up and down, while still clutching herself. She sat there, rocking back and forwards slowly. "Well" she said, "it's time to head for the shower!"

"You have a full length mirror in your room, don't you?" I asked.

"Yes", she replied reading my mind, "I could put some towels on the floor and stand in front of it while you held me."

We went into her room, and she spread some towels on the floor, just in front of the mirror. Mimi stood facing the mirror, clutching herself. I stood behind her and held her close, her head resting on my shoulder as I pressed my hands over hers as she clutched herself. "Put your hands inside my jeans" she said softly, so I did. She clasped her hands firmly against the crotch of her jeans, pressing my hands tightly against her warm, smooth panties.

Then she said those magic words, turning her head and whispering into my ear: "I'm going to wet my pants, slowly!"

I felt her body relax as she leant back against me. In a moment I felt a little warmth soak through the crotch of her panties as Mimi began to wet herself. I looked at the mirror - there was no wetness showing through her tight jeans. She bent her knees and I felt the actual stream flowing through her panties against the palm of my hand. Sure enough, a dark patch began to spread out from under her hands and work its way down the inside and front of her jean legs. After about 20 seconds her jeans were soaked right down to her ankles.

Chapter Three

Mimi and I really enjoyed these activities. Nothing would turn me on more than to see her squirm around in increasing urgency and then let herself go. One time she let herself get into a desperate state while we were driving back to her apartment. We were in the car for about half an hour while she squirmed around gradually getting wetter and wetter. By the time we reached her place and she got out of the car, her mini-dress was soaked both front and back. Fortunately we had had the presence of mind to cover the car seat with a plastic garbage bag and several layers of towels.

But I remember vividly one time - we had just come back to her apartment from seeing a movie, and she said she was going to change into something more suitable. She came back into the living room wearing a red minidress, which really showed off her fantastic legs.

"Come over and sit on my lap" I said. Mimi got up from her chair and walked across the room, on the way absentmindedly popped a large round peppermint candy into her mouth. She settled onto my lap, and I leaned over to set my glass of cold beer down on the side table (I wanted both hands free!). As I did so, I spilled a little of the beer onto her leg - it was cold and the shock made her inhale rapidly through her mouth, sucking the candy down 'the wrong way'. She began to choke and stood up suddenly, her face flushing with all the coughing and gagging. For a few seconds she couldn't get any air and began to panic. She stood facing me, clutching her crotch tightly with one hand while she leant over, resting her other hand on my knee. She doubled over, straining desperately to cough and succeeded in coughing up the candy. . . . .

I have seen quite a few attractive young ladies wet their panties for me, but never (before or since!) did I ever see someone wet themselves with such force as when Mimi struggled to cough up the candy which had got caught in her throat. It was almost as if someone had suddenly poured a pail of water into her pants. In a second or so the whole front of her mini dress was soaked through, and the flow cascaded down between her thighs and poured over her legs and feet, so they glistened with the wetness.

After a few moments she got her breath and began to laugh about it, falling down onto my lap again, her minidress and panties were very warm - and wet!

The End
