Full To The Brim - Part 1

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-01-23)

Penn Manor was the name given to a large mansion and the surrounding area owned by Dr. Joseph Penn back in the days of fair maidens, courtly gentleman, and chamber pots. The good doctor employed 6 women to help around the mansion, doing tasks such as cleaning and cooking and the like, and as they had nowhere else to go, he gave them rooms to sleep and clothes to wear. Dr. Penn only had one rule for them to obey in order to live there.

Some say it was because his mother was strict with his bathroom habits when he was little and made him wet himself repeatedly, but no one knew for sure; but whatever the reason, Dr. Penn was obsessive with the fact that no drop of pee the women let out should ever fall anywhere but in one of the mansion’s many chamber pots, which differed from regular chamber pots in that they were made of solid gold. Dr. Penn had his own personal chamber pot in his room, and it was the only one that he would not let the women use. Besides this little quirk of his, Dr. Penn was a nice and compassionate man, and for a long time this was no problem for the women.

Chamber pots were everywhere, so they could go whenever they needed it. This also led to the women becoming aware of each other’s, and their own, bladder capacity. Amy, 23, a headstrong girl with medium-length brown hair, Claire, 25, slim and with long dark-brown hair, and Brittany, 18, skinny but well-endowed in the breast region and with angelic long blonde hair, didn’t have the strongest bladders, and were peeing constantly throughout the day. Megan, 29 with short auburn hair, and Sarah, 27, slightly taller than Megan and with medium-length blonde hair, were sisters, and both possessed above average bladders.

But the bladder champion among them was Ruth, 40, a full-figured voluptuous woman with short brown hair, who was rarely seen going to a chamber pot and certainly was never seen desperate. Many times the women’s conversations had turned towards Ruth’s seeming inability to come close to wetting herself. Sometimes when Ruth overheard this, she would grab a glass of whatever drink was available and chug it down while patting her lower abdomen, saying “Plenty of room left…” and smiling at the others.

However, one stormy night a gang of burglars entered the mansion, unbeknownst to Dr. Penn and the women. They found a few things to their liking, but when the stumbled upon the golden chamber pots, they realized that they could melt them down and make a fortune. Thus they stole every chamber pot in the house, except for Dr. Penn’s, which they did not find. Everyone awoke the next morning, and Dr. Penn realized within minutes that a few precious items had been stolen, in addition to the chamber pots. Fortunately he had so many riches that he did not care much about the loss of a few of them. The women, however, did care about the chamber pots…

It was 8 am when they awoke, and immediately Brittany, the youngest of the women, felt a rather acute need to urinate. All the women had availed themselves to a chamber pot around midnight, but Brittany had drank 2 extra glasses of wine before going to bed. Upon searching, she realized that the chamber pots were not in their usual places. She found Dr. Penn and asked him, having to cross her legs while she did so, “Um, sir, wherever are the chamber pots? I’m in desperate need of relief.”

He told her about the burglary and the ensuing lack of chamber pots, and informed her that he was planning to go on into town and get some new golden chamber pots made for the ladies to use. “That’s all well and good, sir, but….if I may….can I use your pot until we get the new ones?” Brittany asked meekly, knowing Dr. Penn wouldn’t like the question. “Absolutely not!” he told her sternly. “You must hold it until I bring back some new chamber pots! They are the only places you can pee, you know this. It is the one thing you must do for me to ensure that I let you live on this glorious estate.”

“Yes sir….” Brittany said, slinking away.

The day continued, and soon Brittany had told the other women about her predicament, albeit with much more pronounced bobbing and leg crossing as her wine-induced need increased. Amy and Claire got horrified looks on their faces upon hearing the news, Megan and Sarah had strangely looked as though they had forced themselves not to smile a little, and Ruth appeared completely unruffled, responding “Well why are you telling this to me? That won’t be a problem for me at all. I’ll just wait.”

At 9 am, after eating a nicely prepared breakfast courtesy of the women, during which all of them had consumed a couple glasses of juice each, Dr. Penn got ready to go into town. He was halfway out the door when he heard Brittany’s voice shouting, “Sir! Sir! Please, I want to do as you say, but if you don’t give me another solution to my problem, I’ll surely wet myself by the time you return!” Dr. Penn turned around, saw Brittany doubled over in bladder agony, sighed, and made his way down to the basement. He returned minutes later with some odd looking tubing. “What’s that??” Brittany asked, curious even with a bursting bladder. Dr. Penn explained that it was a rudimentary catheter system, whereby Brittany could let out her pee, but only if one of the other women would hold it.

Grabbing the tubing without another word, Brittany raced as fast as she could to Ruth, where she told her what Dr. Penn had said. “You’re serious?” Ruth asked at the end. The poor girl nodded and whimpered in response, her need growing dire. “Alright, hook me up then.” Ruth told her. Brittany couldn’t do it herself, such was her desperation, but luckily just then Megan walked by, saw their situation, and quickly assisted them. Ruth and Brittany removed their skirts and panties, and Megan fit the end of one of the tubes into Ruth’s peehole, and the other into Brittany’s. “Come on come on come on!!!” Brittany yelled, her control wavering. Megan quickly made one last check of the tube and then declared it was ready.

Immediately Brittany let go of the pressure, her face becoming a mask of relief as the urine flowed out of her. It traveled the length of the tube, before being deposited in Ruth’s bladder. After nearly 15 seconds, the stream stopped. Ruth looked up, incredulously. “Wait, that’s it? That’s what was making you so desperate? Why, I don’t feel a drop more in my bladder now than I did before!” Brittany could only pant out a quiet “Thank you” as she let her muscles enjoy their newfound relaxation. Megan unhooked them from each other, and informed Dr. Penn that the experiment was a success. Without further ado, he left to get the chamber pots, saying only that he wanted the women to continue drinking normally for their health.

As the clock moved past 9:30 am, Brittany was on the second floor with Claire and Amy. One of the duties the girls performed for Dr. Penn was to clean the mansion every day to keep it as tidy as possible. Brittany began to tell them about her experience with the unique catheter. “…and since I’d had so much wine last night, I just couldn’t hold it a second longer, and as soon as Megan fixed us up, I let it out. Felt wonderful! My bladder’s still a little sore though.”

“And Ruth just took it all into her??” Amy asked, amazed. “Yup, said she didn’t feel any difference! I tell ya, if it weren’t for her I don’t know what I’d do. Dr. Penn would probably have kicked me out of the house,” Brittany replied. “You mean your desperate bladder didn’t even make a dent in her’s??” Amy was shocked. “Not according to her at least. I reckon she’s got a giant tankard down there, you’ve seen how infrequently she needs the chamber pots!” Brittany said. “She brags a darn good bunch about it too, so she better be able to back it up!” Amy said with slight indignance.

Then Amy looked over at Claire, who was bending forward slightly, legs crossed at the ankles. “You’re quiet, what’s wrong?” she asked. “I…uhh…I think I may need to talk to Ruth…I didn’t get my morning pee today so….” Claire looked at them, slightly embarrassed. Then she shuffled out the door, saying “I sure hope Ruth’s bladder is as huge as she says.” Amy looked on, annoyed, though Brittany noticed that she gave her crotch a quick squeeze before returning to her work. “You know, you may have to go see Ruth soon as well,” Brittany said cautiously. “Listen, I know I’m not good at holding it compared to her, or even the sisters, but Ruth shouldn’t have the satisfaction of knowing I can’t hold it and need her help! I’m a grown woman after all,” Amy replied indignantly. “If you say so…” Brittany replied, unconvinced.

Ruth was busy dusting on the first floor, chatting with Sarah. “I wonder how long it’ll be before Dr. Penn returns with new chamber pots to use,” Sarah wondered. “Eh, it doesn’t matter for me, though I’m sure a few girls here might be pissing in their knickers before the time comes,” Ruth said. “But after what you did for Brittany, don’t you think-“ Sarah was cut off as Claire entered the room, loudly saying “Oh my goodness, thank heavens you’re here Ruth! My morning pee is begging to get out…..do you….uh….do you think you could help me like you helped Brittany?”

“What, you mean let you piss into me?” Ruth asked with a smirk, making Claire articulate her need. “Yes, that, I need to let go, and I just thought you might……be able to…..you know….help me….” Claire finished, looking down, clearly embarrassed. Even so, her legs were pressed tightly together, belying her desperation. “Well if your bladder’s as small as Brittany’s, it won’t make any difference to me. Sarah, care to help us out?” Ruth asked.

“Su…sure Ruth, let me run and grab the catheter, one minute,” Sarah said, cheeks turning pink as she left the room. She returned shortly, and soon Claire was free of her pee, a 20 second burst, but without the pressure of Brittany’s pee. After Claire thanked Ruth profusely and left, Ruth addressed Sarah with a laugh, “So, think you’ll need to empty yourself soon as well? There’s more room available. And since I’m a very hospitable person, your pee can stay as long as it likes! Hahaha!” Sarah’s cheeks turned an even deeper shade of pink as she politely declined the offer, telling Ruth “I’m also pretty good at holding it, you know. I can last.”

Time passed, and by 10:30 am Amy was cursing her tiny bladder. She was full-out pee dancing. “No! No! No! No! No! I don’t need Ruth! No! I can hold it! I can……I…..I can hol….I….I….I can’t hold it!” She ran down the steps to the first floor, shouting for Ruth, and finally found her in the kitchen, sipping down the last of a glass of water. Ruth saw her, and unlike the small smirk she gave Claire, this time Ruth smirked wide and even giggled a little. “It’s not funny! It hurts, I really gotta go!” Amy spat at her.

“Then…..just go, you know? Nothing’s stopping you,” Ruth told her. “Grrr….you know damn well I can’t do that! Please Ruthie, I need you right now. I know you can hold more. You don’t want me to get thrown out on the street, do you? I don’t have anywhere to go!” Amy pleaded. Ruth looked at her and smiled again, but this time it was a warmer smile, lacking the earlier vindictiveness. “Of course Amy. In faaact, I think your shouting got the attention of some helpers for the cath,” she motioned to the door, where Megan and Sarah were timidly peering in, catheter in hand.

Ruth turned around to see Mega“Girls, would you be so kind? It seems Ms. Amy needs to release some pressure to someone better equipped to handle it,” Ruth said. The sisters, embarrassed at their voyeurism being discovered, moved quickly to insert the catheter into the peeholes of both women. The second it was in place, Amy let out a rather high-pressured jet of pee lasting around 20 seconds. The look of calmness on Ruth’s face did not change for the duration of the piss. Now empty, Amy lay back, exhausted, and allowed the sisters to remove the contraption from her vagina. After a few minutes, she rose, smiling a little, and thanked Ruth, commenting, “Gosh, you sure can handle that pressure better than me. I’m sorry for being rude about it,”

“It’s ok, no harm done. To my feelings or my bladder,” Ruth said, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Amy started to leave, but stopped at the doorway, saying “Gosh, I do hope you’ll be able to last til Dr. Penn returns. If we do and you don’t, I’d just feel horrible. You must have some tremendous pressure built up by now.” Ruth replied, “Nonsense, you three can barely pee at all. Besides, pressure does not bother me. I just keep myself clamped down. It really won’t be a problem.” Amy smiled again and then left.

Ruth turned around to see Megan and Sarah whispering excitedly with each other, their cheeks bright pink. She allowed them to do this for five more seconds before saying, “Come on then, girls, out with it! What’s going on? Why the whispering?” Megan blanched at the question, color draining from her face, but with Sarah’s encouragement in the form of a slight shove to the back, she began to talk. “Well…you see….erm…how to phrase this exactly….we um, well…..we sorta like…”

“Love!” interjected Sarah. Megan shot her a quick glare before continuing, “Ok, fine, love, not like. We love um…well, not using the chamber pots, I guess you could say. Holding it in. We love being full of pee without being able to release it. That’s how we’ve gotten so good at holding it – lots of practice! So-“ “So, not only is this situation, what with the lack of chamber pots and all, making us go crazy by ourselves, but seeing the other women getting totally desperate for a wee is turning us on like mad as well!” Sarah interrupted once again. Then they both stopped and glanced at each other once more. “There’s more? Well keep going then, don’t leave me in the dark,” Ruth prodded them. Sarah cleared her throat, took a deep breath, and continued, “Well, even more than the others, what’s driving us the craziest is…..you, Ruth.”

“Me?? Whyever is that? I’m not even desperate in the slightest!” Ruth replied, slightly taken aback. “That’s just it,” Megan said, “You’re not desperate, not even a little eensy weensy bit, and you’ve not had you morning wee, and on top of that you’re also carrying enough wee to make the other three girls nearly wet themselves! You’re just calm as ever, even with all that stored up in there!” She pointed at Ruth’s abdomen as she finished. Ruth looked at them warily for a few seconds, before smiling widely. “So,” she began, “let me see if I understand this correctly. The fact that my bladder seems to be almost impossibly huge, not to mention strong as an ox, that turns you on? The fact that, even as we speak, the other women’s tiny bladders are beginning to refill and make them want relief once more, that turns you on? And the fact that both of you, possessing rather large bladders yourselves, are stuck in this house with no means to relieve yourselves, that turns you on as well?”

“Yes….” Both sisters breathed in unison. “Well then…I have a grand idea,” said Ruth, eyes twinkling, “From now on, I’m not the only one who’s going to be holding all of their pee. The next time they have to go, they can go in you two.” Sarah and Megan’s jaws dropped as they realized the implications of the idea, but Ruth saw they were also shaking slightly from how horny the idea made them, and both girls nodded their consent to it. “Now…how about something to drink?” Ruth said, filling up three glasses of water with a pitcher on the table.

“See, I told you you’d need Ruth eventually,” Brittany said, exasperation evident in her voice. The three small-bladdered girls were finishing up cleaning the second floor of the mansion. It was just past 11 am. “Ugh, yeah, I suppose it wasn’t too bad. She was extremely nice about it,” Amy replied, “but still, it’s not something I want to have to do again.”

“Again??” Claire said in disbelief, “Goodness, Amy, she’s already holding all of our pee combined, along with her own! And didn’t you say you actually saw her drinking a glass of water, and thinking nothing of it, just before you emptied into her? How much more pee can she possibly hold?? Everyone’s got a limit, even someone with a bladder seemingly made of iron and welded shut!”

“But do you really think so?” Brittany asked, “Ruth’s never been desperate before, not that I’ve seen. And you said it yourself, her bladder’s basically made of iron! Why…she’s just like a human chamber pot! One with enough capacity that you can just keep using it without fear of overflowing it, and if you’re lazy enough, you can even take your time with emptying it, and keep putting that off til later. Ruth has become our new chamber pot!”

“I still don’t think she’ll be able to keep this up. If she’s not hopping up and down with desperation by the end of lunch I’ll be amazed….Speaking of, when IS lunch?” Claire asked. “It’s Megan’s turn to make something, should be done soon,” Amy replied. “And just you watch, Ruth will definitely have a drink with her food, and I bet she’ll be perfectly fine, as composed as ever!” Brittany said defiantly. “For all our sakes I hope you’re right…” Claire replied ominously.

Megan finished making sandwiches for lunch around 12:30 pm. She called down the other girls, and as they came in to the dining room Sarah gave Megan a frightened yet excited glance, a reference to their conversation with Ruth. Megan’s bladder wasn’t full at all, and since she had the same capacity as her sister, she wasn’t worried about Sarah either. Due to this, she thought nothing of seeing Sarah sit with her legs crossed for lunch, as well as the fact that Sarah seemed a little distracted and fidgety. Sarah, on the other hand, knew she was in trouble if she took on the task that Ruth had set for her. Heck, she was in trouble now, sitting at the table, trying to eat her sandwich inconspicuously. Sarah reflected on the previous night.

While the others had been sound asleep, Sarah had been afflicted with both an extremely dry throat, as well as a sense of adventure and overindulgence. Thus she had crept downstairs in the middle of the night and drank an entire bottle of wine by herself, wanting to see if she could keep it in til the morning. Thankfully she had eaten enough at dinner that she did not become a total drunken mess. Her bladder bulged when she awoke, but due to her strong sphincter muscles, Sarah had managed to conceal her desperation….until now.

Now that wine, combined with the water Ruth had made them drink, was pounding against her bladder’s walls. She wasn’t totally desperate, but Sarah thought that combining the urine already in her bladder with that of one of the other girls would surely push her over that edge. Not to mention the glass of cider she was having to consume now for lunch. She breathed deeply and tried to stay calm. She loved the feeling of a full bladder, but she knew it was imperative to hold it, lest Dr. Penn find out she wet herself and kick her out.

As lunch continued, Brittany noticed that Ruth’s glass of cider was nearly empty. She elbowed Claire as if to say “watch this” and then said, “Oh Ruth, you seem to be running out of cider! Would you like me to refill your glass?” Ruth, oblivious to this fact, looked down and saw the girl was right. “Sure, I’d love some more, it’s very good. Just let me finish this off first,” and with that Ruth drank down the remaining contents of ththe glass. Brittany smiled widely as she poured Ruth more cider, not stopping until the glass was full completely to the top, and then sat back down next to Claire, who shook her head in disbelief. “Do you realize how stupid you are??” she hissed to Brittany, “Ruth’s our only hope of staying here, and you’re going and filling her up even more! What’s wrong with you?”

“Don’t worry,” Brittany replied, “She’s strong; she can hold it. Her bladder’s as strong as an iron chamber pot, remember?”

“Your head’s as thick as one!” Claire shot back. Brittany kept smiling and gently shushed her friend, as confident in Ruth’s capacity as she had ever been in anything in her life.

The girls continued to eat slowly, savoring their break time, and, despite the groanings of Claire, each woman ended up having a refill of cider, meaning Ruth actually consumed 3 glasses of cider. The cider went straight to the bladders of the small-bladdered girls, and they all had begun to bounce in their seats by the time the meal ended. Ruth noticed this and, after helping to clear the table, asked if any of them would like some relief. “Oh yes!!” Brittany and Claire shouted in unison.

Amy merely shook her head and grunted, resisting the urge to put a hand in her crotch. Across the room, unseen by the others, Sarah was having a similar struggle. She was winning for the moment, hands rigidly at her sides, but it was a close thing. Ruth went and fetched the catheter, and when she returned Brittany began to take off her skirt in front of Ruth. “Ah, not this time,” Ruth admonished her, “It’s not me this time. Megan and Sarah have kindly offered their bladders for this service as well, and I think we’ll take them up on it. Megan, care to take Brittany’s pressure from her?”

“Of course,” Megan nearly purred as she lowered her skirt and panties and accepted the catheter into her peehole. The turn-on factor of this was so great that she was almost seeing stars. Brittany attached herself to the other end with Ruth’s guidance, relaxed, and let loose another 15 second gush of pee through the catheter, which this time found a new home in Megan’s bladder, which was large by non-Ruthian standards.

“Ooooh, I can feel a difference. There’s a stronger urge now,” Megan said as Ruth unhooked them. “Not that it’s a problem, I’m happy to help,” she added as Ruth’s face got a look of slight concern on it. But it wasn’t Megan that had caused the look, as Ruth was staring at Sarah, who was wriggling out of her skirt to try and accept Claire’s pee. Sarah’s bladder was clearly visible, bulging out from her abdomen, almost making her look like someone early-on in pregnancy. Sarah took a deep breath, winced slightly, and spread her legs enough to accept the catheter. Ruth continued looking at her curiously before smirking a little and then inserting the other end of the catheter into Claire’s peehole. Claire let go a little less than last time, peeing a 15 second steady stream, but once again without the pressure of Brittany’s pee.

Nevertheless, Sarah grimaced as she felt her bladder stretching to, and perhaps slightly beyond, it’s capacity. She fought to remain calm while Ruth removed the catheter, sucking down air as she clenched her sphincter as hard as she could. The feeling was amazing, being so close to losing it all, but Sarah knew the consequences and held on with everything she had. She didn’t want to show her desperation in front of anyone else, and as soon as Claire and Brittany had thanked the sisters and returned to their cleaning, and Amy had shuffled away still desperate, Sarah excused herself to the next room, where she began madly grabbing her crotch in an effort to keep control.

Back in the dining room, Megan was in shock. She didn’t think Sarah’s bladder was close to full, and here she just saw her with what appeared to be a small melon in her gut. “Oh my….” She mouthed quietly to Ruth, realizing the implications of Sarah’s fullness. Ruth only smiled a little and walked away, and Megan soon sprinted off to find Sarah and figure out how she was so desperate.

“What happened?? What did you do???” Megan screamed in a panicked voice at Sarah, who was bent double and clutching a table with one hand to steady her balance, the other hand lodged firmly in her crotch. Sarah didn’t answer, she merely grimaced and kept on holding. “Well???” Megan asked authoritatively, pulling Sarah upright. Sarah gasped at the sudden movement, and only her years of holding it prevented her from losing it all right there. “I…well….I….remember how Brittany was…..so desperate….to go this morning?” Sarah managed to squeak out. “Yes, I remember. But what’s that got to do with this??” Megan inquired impatiently. “Well…she’d had….2 glasses of wine….before bed….I saw her drink them…..But…..well, I couldn’t sleep…..and I….well…I drank a whole bottle…..thought it’d be fun to try and last til morning or…or later, ya know?” Sarah smiled weakly at her sister. Megan stared at her sister in disbelief for a moment before melting gently into her arms.

“Oh Sarah….why did you have to pick today of all days to do that?? Goodness…what are we gonna do? You can’t keep that in til Dr. Penn returns, it’ll be hours! You’ll burst for sure, and then you’ll have to leave…..that can’t happen! But I don’t think I could hold that much for long enough either!” Megan said, nearly in tears. She let go of her sister as Sarah desperately fought off another spasm from her overstretched bladder. As she regained control of herself, Sarah muttered, “R…r…Ruth could take it.” Megan stopped short and considered it.

“No…there’s no way even Ruth could hold all that, not after what she’s already got in there. There has to be another way…” she told her desperate sister. “Please…please….no time….I can’t….hold this……M…ma…maybe just have her take so…some….Then I can ho…hold the rest.” Sarah compromised, near tears herself, but more from her desperation and the pain in her bladder than anything. Megan sighed. “Alright, I guess there’s no other way. Hang on just a bit longer, I’ll get Ruth and the catheter.” With that she hurried off to find the largest-bladdered of them all, the woman who never took a piss out of sheer need, Ruth.

Megan found Ruth on the other end of the first floor and frantically explained the situation to her. Nodding and agreeing without hesitation, Ruth followed Megan back to Sarah, stopping only to grab the catheter. They found Sarah curled up on a chair, both hands between her legs, her desperation acute. Quickly they stripped her of her bottoms and Ruth stepped out of her skirt and panties as well. Megan inserted the catheter into both of them, and saw for the first time that Ruth’s bladder had a noticeable bulge. She also noticed the contrast in Ruth confidently spreading her legs for the catheter, and Sarah barely being able to open her legs at all. Once it was in, Sarah began to pee a full-force stream, moaning in ecstasy as the pressure left her. But after only 15 seconds Sarah gritted her teeth and cut off her stream.

“What are you doing, dear? I can see you’ve got plenty more to let go of,” Ruth observed. “No…no…you’ve taken enough. I just needed to take the e…edge off of it. I can hold it now,” Sarah told her. Ruth gave her a stern look. “Oh nonsense dear. Look at that poor bladder of yours, all stretched and such. Why, you’ll be just as desperate in a half hour, maybe less! Best to just let me take it all so you can recover. Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.” Sarah still looked unsure, but then Ruth said “I insist darling,” and pushed on Sarah’s still bulging bladder.

“Ooooh shiiit,” Sarah groaned as she lost the battle with her bladder and released the rest of her pee. It took a little over a minute for Sarah to empty completely. She was gasping for breath as the last of it left her, so tired was she from her intense bout of desperation. “You sure did have a lot in there Sarah! Gosh, you must feel so much better now,” Ruth said gently, seeming genuinely impressed with Sarah’s capacity. “Oh….oh, I do Ruth, I do, I….” Sarah stopped and looked at Ruth wide-eyed, “But Ruth! My gosh how did you take all that?? You must be bursting!” Ruth smiled, and Megan thought she almost laughed.

“Oh dear, not at all, your bladder’s not THAT big I’m afraid. Still, it’s nice to have an urge down there now. I was beginning to forget what that felt like haha,” Ruth said. “Oh no, I knew this was a bad idea! You’re getting desperate now, aren’t you Ruth?” Megan asked, bemoaning the situation. “Darling, no, calm down. It’s just an urge, it happens to everyone. Happens to me all the time. I’m used to it, it won’t trouble me any. It’s staying in, don’t fret,” Ruth responded soothingly, before pulling her panties and skirt back up and returning to her housework. But as she did, Megan noticed that her bladder bulge had almost doubled.

“I hope she’s as fine as she says sh-“ Megan began worriedly, but she stopped talking as Amy lurched into the room, unable to walk any faster due to the state of her bladder. “I…I…I heard voices….thought Ruth was here….I need…..I need her again,” Amy sputtered. “Ruth’s taken enough for now, you can use me,” Megan said, sighing a little as she lowered her panties and hooked up the catheter to them, with Sarah managing to get up and help a little. Megan felt an ache in her bladder as Amy’s 20 second hard stream finally abated. Amy thanked her and left, and Megan turned to face Sarah, concern evident on her visage, and asked, “Sis, how much longer can we keep this up? Oh I hope we can last until Dr. Penn returns tonight.” Sarah could only nod as she continued to get her breath back from her mammoth hold.

The day wore on. Around 2 pm Ruth brought everyone drinks to keep them hydrated, in compliance with Dr. Penn’s orders. The effects of the drinks were felt an hour later, when Brittany, Claire, and Amy ended up predictably desperate to urinate once again. Brittany and Amy emptied themselves into Ruth’s filling bladder, but Megan insisted on having Claire pee into her bladder. Megan felt a decent ache in her bladder by 4 pm, but knew from her constant days of holding it that she’d be ok for some more time. When she talked about her ache to Sarah, Sarah let her sister know that her bladder was feeling better and she could now help by taking the other womens’ urine again. After another round of drinks at 4:30 pm, the small-bladdered girls needed to relieve themselves again at 5:30 pm, and this time only Brittany used Ruth, as Sarah volunteered to hold the pee of Claire and Amy. “I’d really be fine with taking it all, but if you insist dear,” Ruth had told her.

Around 6 pm Megan found herself with Sarah and Claire dusting on the third floor. She was having to hold her legs closer together than normal now, as the pressure from her bladder had been increasing for the last couple of hours. The girls began to talk about dinner, which Ruth was making, and inevitably the conversation turned to Ruth’s capacity once again. “I just don’t see how she does it. She must be hollow down there or something!” Claire said. “Her bladder’s getting full, she’s putting on a front I think…” Megan said quietly, “If Dr. Penn doesn’t return soon, it’ll be over for all of us.”

“I can’t believe she’s made it this long with such a calm demeanor though! I mean, I’d held to my absolute limit, and she took it all without a second thought!” Sarah responded. “I saw the bulge in her abdomen after that though, she’s getting really full,” Megan told her sadly.

Just then Brittany walked past the room, and hearing this, she entered and said incredulously, “What did I just hear? Did you really say you think Ruth’s full?? You must be crazy, her bladder’s larger than you can imagine! And even when it does fill completely, she’s got a sphincter made of steel. She’ll never lose her load, no matter how long she has to keep it in for.”

“What’s got you being such a devout Ruth follower all of a sudden??” Claire asked her warily. Brittany sighed happily and answered, “I thought I was a goner this morning. I really thought I was about to be cast back onto the street with nothing but the clothes on my back. But then Ruth came to the rescue and saved me from that fate, and she did it easily and with no concern for her own well-being. Since she saved me, I’ll always support her no matter what! She won’t fail us, don’t worry.”

“I hope you’re right, but even so, she’s human, you must admit that! And every human bladder has a limit, no matter how long it takes to reach. Eventually every bladder will reach it, and with everything she’s already got in there, I can’t imagine she’s got too much longer left,” Megan reasoned. But Brittany was resolute, stating, “Some people don’t have limits. Ruth…no matter how long it is, she’ll hold all of our waters to save us. She’ll be our chamber pot in this time of need, and she won’t let any go. She’s strong, I tell you!” Megan sighed in resignation, absentmindedly putting a hand over her crotch as she felt a small wave of desperation. Brittany walked out of the room in a huff, Sarah just shrugged to Megan, and after some more work, at 7 pm Ruth called everyone down for dinner.

Once seated, Ruth served them their dinner, along with large glasses of cider, and glasses of wine. “Ruth, if we drink all this, we’ll be swimming with desperation within an hour!” Claire complained. “Oh don’t worry, Dr. Penn should be back soon with chamber pots for all of us, and you can still use me til then if need be, I’ve got some room left,” Ruth replied, rubbing her abdomen, which was now getting bloated with pee. Brittany beamed at her, and Ruth returned her smile.

“Don’t worry Ruth, I’m sure we’ll be able to wait, it’s not much longer now. We won’t need to use you again,” Amy said reassuringly, though Ruth could see in her eyes that Amy lacked confidence and was putting on a front. “Whatever you girls say,” Ruth said to them. They ate and drank in relative silence. Megan was breathing heavily from the pressure in her bladder. Sarah seemed ok, but had confided in Megan quietly that her bladder was still somewhat weak from her monstrous earlier hold, and that she wouldn’t be able to repeat it. Claire, Brittany, and Amy were fidgeting some by meal’s end, though Amy was trying her best to hide her need, while Claire and Brittany were very open about their desperation.

And Ruth just sat, calmly, seemingly without a care in the world, her bulging bladder the only thing betraying its fullness. By the time the cider and wine had worked its way through her system (and of course Ruth had a refill of both), the top of her skirt was stretched tightly across her lower belly. Megan and Sarah, being the ardent desperation lovers, could only guess as to the enormous pressure Ruth was keeping contained between her legs. She had to have liters of fluid built up in there! Yet there she sat, chatting normally to the others a little and looking totally at ease. The sisters marveled at her stamina, whispering back and forth to one another for the duration of the dinner.

By 8 pm the small-bladdered girls were struggling to stay dry, yet all were determined to wait for the chamber pot this time. Megan was bent over a little due to the fullness of her bladder, but thankfully she had a strong sphincter and was still holding relatively well. Sarah was seemingly still alright, though Megan had caught her involuntarily crossing her legs from time to time. Ruth was unchanged as ever, perhaps a bit more still than before, but only if one was looking for it. Her bladder bulge was even larger, stretching the top of her skirt until it was completely taut and unmoving. Since she was sitting so closely to the table, every so often her bulge would bump against the table’s edge, but Ruth wouldn’t react to it, carrying on normally as if she hadn’t just tortured her bladder a bit.

Finally, at 8:30 pm sharp, the women heard the front door open. “Chamber pot chamber pot chamber pot!!!” Claire shouted, standing quickly and rushing to the door. Amy hobbled after her, and the sisters were not far behind. Brittany rose and started to follow, then turned and noticed Ruth wasn’t moving. “You know Ruth, I really did like getting to use you as my chamber pot. Knowing how strong your bladder is was really comforting. Just thought you should know,” Brittany told her, blushing slightly at the end. Ruth gave her a warm smile. “It wasn’t any trouble darling. I have the capacity, why shouldn’t I use it, especially for the benefit of others. Now why don’t you follow the others and get some relief for yourself? It sure seems like you need it, after all,” Ruth gestured to Brittany’s trembling thighs.

Brittany began to leave again, but stopped at the doorway leading out of the dining room and turned to Ruth once more. “Aren’t you coming? You’ve been holding in so much for so long, surely you must want to let it out by now?” Brittany said. “You’re so sweet,” Ruth said, “and that’s alright, I may as well clean up these dishes. After all, I’ve never stopped what I was doing because my bladder made a little noise at me, now have I? Why start now? Plus, you like seeing me be so strong, so why not be strong for you a little longer?” Brittany’s smile was wider than ever, and she just stood there admiring Ruth, even as her bladder screamed to be emptied. Finally Ruth told her to go and relieve herself, and Brittany, smile glued to her face, did as she was told, leaving the room to get to the long-awaited new chamber pots.

Alone at last, Ruth stood, breathed deeply a few times, patted her bladder softly, and began to clean up the table. She was no more than halfway done when Claire burst back into the room, and from the looks of things, that wasn’t all that was about to burst. “Oh Ruth I need you Ruth please hurry!!” Claire babbled, grabbing her crotch for all it was worth. Ruth stared at her, confused, but quickly dropped her skirt and panties. The rest of the girls hurriedly ran into the room as well, and Ruth saw that Sarah had had the foresight to bring the catheter along. Ruth spread her legs to let Sarah insert one end, while Megan got the other end into the squirming Claire. “Uuuhhhh!” Claire moaned as she got rid of the pressure, voiding herself into Ruth once more. No sooner had she finished than Amy came up, removed the catheter from Claire as swiftly as she could without harming her, and inserted it into herself, saying “Sorry Ruth,” as she let go of her pee.

Brittany’s squirming form was next, and she let out a gusher by her standards, over 25 seconds of pee entering into Ruth’s bladder from her own. Ruth gestured to Megan and Sarah, but they shook their heads, though Megan had to keep lifting one leg and then the other alternately to keep control. Pulling up her skirt, Ruth asked them, “What happened? What about the chamber pots?” Now that the most desperate girls had been relieved, the room took on a somber tone. Finally Megan told Ruth what had happened.

“We ran down to the front door as Dr. Penn came in, and immediately started begging for the chamber pots. He…well, he told us that he’d gone out looking for some, and they didn’t have ones that suited his fancy well enough, so he went to the blacksmith to have him make some gold ones like we had before. Of course the blacksmith didn’t have any gold to do it with, so Dr. Penn paid him to acquire some, but it won’t arrive until tomorrow. We pleaded with him, but he won’t change his rules. Even says we have to drink more. Told us we were all adults……Said we should be more like you once he noticed you weren’t with us….I just don’t kn…know….ho…how w…we…”

Megan couldn’t finish as tears overtook her, the implications of Dr. Penn’s rules becoming clear. The women had made it through the day by the skin of their teeth, and now they were being asked to wait for another day. Ruth’s look of astonishment turned to one of determination as she watched Megan sob into her sister’s shoulder. Her features hardened, and she addressed the women loudly, “Hey! Listen to me! We are not about to give up here. No one is giving up. We can do this. We can last until the new pots arrive. I’m still here if anyone needs relief between now and then, but I expect everyone to hold it to the point of desperation.

No one is getting thrown out of this mansion, understand? We’ll make it.” The women were silent. Brittany was staring at Ruth with a look that bordered on worship. Amy and Claire seemed doubtful, no doubt thinking of their own tiny capacities. Sarah was nodding hopefully, even as a tear ran down her cheek. And then Megan pulled her head away from Sarah long enough to look Ruth in the eye and nod once, curtly, and soon all the women did the same. Slowly they dispersed to tend to the evening chores before heading off to sleep for the night.

Ruth and Brittany were both in the study, dusting off shelves upon shelves of old, forgotten novels. Dr. Penn had done them each the favor of bringing every woman two glasses of water since they were working so hard, and now, by 9:30 pm, they were having an effect on Brittany’s bladder. “Ruth….I have to pee…” Brittany said, holding her pussy with one hand through her skirt. “Would you like to use me?” Ruth asked, reaching for the catheter. She’d decided to keep it with her ever since learning that Dr. Penn expected them to last another day. To Ruth’s surprise Brittany hesitated before shaking her head, saying, “No Ruth….I wanna hold it like you do.” Ruth’s face belied her happiness in Brittany as she spoke, “Alright then, dear. You do just that. Keep it all in. You can do it.” Brittany smiled at her, but was having to cross her legs and raise her knees to keep control. “Oh Ruth, help me please. I don’t think I can last very much longer,” she said sadly.

“Nonsense dear, come over here,” Ruth said, extending her hand. Brittany shuffled over until she was standing directly in front of Ruth. “Ok,” Ruth began, “now close your eyes. Stay calm. That’s the key, just remain calm. Your bladder’s not going to trouble you, it doesn’t need any emptying. It’s just doing its job. Come on now….there we go,” she said as she gently removed Brittany’s hand from her crotch. Brittany immediately stiffened and bent her legs to hold it.

“Now now,” Ruth continued, “you don’t need to do that. Come on, just relax. Your bladder can hold so much more, I know it can. Just feel the sensations in it and accept them, don’t fight them. You’ll keep control. I believe in you,” by the end of it Ruth was nearly whispering. But it worked, Brittany’s body stopped tensing and yet the pee stayed in. Brittany opened her eyes. “Oh Ruth, thank you! It’s working! I don’t feel like I’m gonna pee myself any second anymore! It’s just a sensation and all I have to do is accept it and deal with it! Oh thank you so much!” She was beaming as much as ever.

“Of course darling,” Ruth said, beginning to turn back around. “Um, Ruth?” Brittany interrupted her. “Yes?” Ruth asked curiously. Brittany seemed reluctant to speak, but finally her question came out, “How do you hold it as long as you do, and with as much as you do? Why don’t you get desperate like the rest of us?” Ruth looked down at Brittany, sighed deeply, but not an unhappy sigh, and told Brittany to sit down and she’d tell her. When they were situated, Ruth began, “Ever since I was a young girl, I’ve been abnormally blessed in the bladder region. I only needed to relieve myself a few times a day as a young girl, and my mother soon saw this. You see, she saw bladder discipline as a point of pride and maturity, and would, under absolutely no circumstances, relieve herself more than one time per day.

When she realized that I had inherited her gigantic bladder genes, she decided that she needed to help me expand my bladder as much as possible. To that end, she soon cut my pee breaks down to twice a day, all the while giving me drink after drink. It hurt in the beginning, my bladder not being used to it, but soon I could do it without complaint. My mom turned it into a sort of competition with her to motivate me. She would drink the exact same amount that I did, sometimes even more, and was still only peeing twice as infrequently as I was. She amazed me, for I had never seen her even the slightest bit desperate, while I was always wiggling like mad by the end of the day, awaiting my before-bed pee. I vowed that one day I would outhold her, and threw myself into her bladder training like never before.

Eventually I was able to sport a giant bulge with no signs of needing to pee. This was in my teen years, mind you. At that point my mother cut my breaks to one each day, the same as her. We both took great pride in only relieving ourselves right before bed, and our long hissing pees lasted minutes at a time. Still…I wondered what her true capacity was, and at that point, was wondering about my own as well. But I waited, I was patient. I didn’t want to challenge her and lose, you see. Finally, I was ready, a bit after my 18th birthday. Upon peeing that night with her, I commented that I wanted to find out if her training had paid off.

Whose bladder was truly stronger? She smiled and agreed. By the next evening, full of drinks, we both were nursing stretched bladders as usual, but this time we just went straight to bed with a glance at each other. I tell you, I was so desperate that night, tossing and turning, hands between my legs at all times. It’s a wonder I got any sleep at all! Well I get up the next morning, totally desperate, and I see my mother, she with the iron bladder control, shaking with need. It was then that I knew I could win. She tried hard, very hard in fact. Nearly wet herself in the end. 

After about 36 hours if I remember correctly, her bladder finally couldn’t take any more. “Damn!!!” she screamed, before flooding a chamber pot. Now, mind you, I was just as desperate as her at this point, curled up like a pretzel I was, just trying to outlast her. As soon as she gave up, I wasted no time in using my own chamber pot. Ahhhh….that was a nice piss….Anyway, that’s when my mother knew I was ready to get out of the house. She was so proud of me, for being so strong, stronger even than her, and she made me promise to keep getting myself stronger. Not that I didn’t want to! On the contrary, I love having such control over myself. So when I came to work for Dr. Penn after I left home, I vowed to continue my bladder training, and I have, for 22 years now I’ve been building up my capacity and strength more and more.”

“Oh wow….that’s incredible!” Brittany marveled, “But, I’m curious, how much better are you at holding than you were before?”

“Well dear, if I was still 18 and doing what I have done today, I would have had to give up shortly after I took Sarah’s pee,” Ruth answered honestly. “And how are you doing now?” Brittany asked. Ruth lifted her shirt bottom to reveal an enormous bulge in her lower abdomen. “I haven’t gotten myself this full for a long time, especially not with so long left to hold. But even though, at this very moment, my bladder’s bursting for some relief, simply begging me to give up and start spurting out its hot load, I don’t look like I’m in need, do I?” Ruth emphasized her point by spreading her legs and walking around Brittany. “But how can you need to go so badly, as you say, and be holding back such a load of piss, as I can plainly see, and yet still manage to act as calmly as you do?? Why, you don’t look like you have even the slightest urge to go.” Brittany asked incredulously.

“I’ve trained for it, dear,” Ruth said, “For years upon years, every time I’ve wanted to pee, I’ve made sure to hold it for hours longer, even when I didn’t know if I could. Sure, I feel the pressure, and by now it is certainly great, and is doing its darndest to overwhelm my senses and my womanly sensibilities, but my willpower is such that I do not let it. Even though I really do need to pee terribly right now, I simply choose to continue carrying on my day with this very strong feeling between my legs, ignoring it and accepting it. A grown woman such as myself should be able to control her bodily desires, after all, don’t you agree? So there will be no pee coming out of my iron bladder, or escaping my near-perfect control in any way, until there is a chamber pot placed before me.” And with that Ruth smiled and returned to her work. Brittany was breathing heavily. She felt a wetness between her legs, but was certain she hadn’t let go of any of her urine.

At 11 pm, following one more glass of water for each woman, Dr. Penn told them to stop their cleaning and get to bed for the night. Amy and Claire had one final, loud pee each into Ruth. Amy was still apologizing for needing her, but Claire was beyond that, accepting the fact that her tiny bladder simply couldn’t last without Ruth’s assistance. Brittany was squirming slightly, but Ruth looked at her sternly, and Brittany nodded and resolved to last through the night dry. It had been 2 and a half hours without a pee for her bladder, which was a long amount of time by her standards considering she’d had multiple glasses of water.

The thought of keeping in her pee for the entire night both scared and excited her, but Brittany welcomed the challenge, thinking “I won’t let you down Ruth!” Sarah had just begun to fidget a great deal, as her weakened bladder was prone to start acting up out of nowhere, but she held herself, jumped up and down a little, and refused when Ruth offered herself to her. Megan looked sick with bladder pain. She was the only one besides Ruth who had been holding for the entire day, now 23 hours removed from her last piss. Her abdomen was sticking out tremendously, and she was hunched over clutching at it. Still, a tear in her eye, she also gallantly insisted she keep holding on, before retreating to bed. The sisters shared one room, Amy and Brittany shared another, and Claire and Ruth had the third. “You’re amazing,” Claire said as Ruth went to bed looking pregnant with her built up accumulation of pee.

“Ruth Ruth Ruth!! For the love of God wake up!”

“Oh my gosh I can’t keep it in!”

“Oh no! Ruth!” Ruth heard the voices faintly from the doldrums of her slumber. She had been having a dream, and an unpleasant one at that. The catheter had been hooked up to a water pump, and was pushing an endless supply of water into her ever-expanding bladder. Ruth truly felt she was reaching her max when the voices broke into her dream. She stirred lazily, but was abruptly awakened by a pair of arms violently shaking her laying form. Ruth opened her eyes to find Sarah and Megan standing over her bed, clawing feverishly at their crotches as they fought for control against their soon-to-be-overflowing bladders.

The darkness, combined with the moonlight, that shone through the window told Ruth it was probably around 3 am, 27 hours since her last pee. “Please Ruth please!” they begged in unison, and Ruth took a deep breath, set her jaw, and nodded. She was thankful that she had had the foresight to bring the catheter into her room, and saw that the sisters had it in their hands. Sarah turned to Megan, received a slight and hesitant nod, and inserted the catheter into herself and Ruth with some help from Claire, who had also been awakened by the sisters’ shouting. Ruth let out a groan as a minute’s worth of Sarah’s pee flowed into her. She felt as though her bladder was finally about full to capacity.

Then Megan was hooked up, and shrieked as she finally released her flood. No sooner had her shriek ended than Ruth’s began, a low guttural shout that shocked the others. Megan peed full force for two minutes, and Ruth alternated between heavy moaning and low shouting the entire time. By the time Megan was empty, Ruth was fuller than even she had believed she could be. Her bladder bulged monstrously and obscenely. The skin of her stomach and abdomen was stretched to mind-bending proportions. “Aaaaaahhhhhhh….” Ruth continued to groan in pain. Her bladder had never been this full before. It literally felt like there was not an ounce of space left in it, and when Ruth delicately traced her hands over the bulge, it was harder than rock. Harder even than iron. Her bladder seemed to be made of titanium! Ruth only hoped her quivering sphincter was as well.

She was putting all her years of bladder training into use as she clenched her sphincter hard against the monstrous pressure bearing down on it. That one small ring of muscle was all that was holding back the enormous flood now inside of Ruth. Megan and Sarah had recovered somewhat from the exhaustion that had followed their desperation, and they tried to explain to Ruth how Megan had woken up in the middle of the night about to explode with pee, how she’d woken up Sarah and convinced her to take some of her load, how they’d crept into Ruth and Claire’s room to get the catheter, and how, after Megan released only a small amount of piss, Sarah’s weakened bladder began spasming wildly, forcing them to abort the attempt and wake up Ruth. But Ruth was barely listening, her attention focused on subduing the haze of bladder pain she was feeling. Still apologizing, the sisters retreated to their own room. Ruth lay awake.

Meanwhile, Brittany’s sleep was restless. She tossed and turned throughout the night, dreaming of peeing out the contents of her full bladder. Every time she would wake up and both hands would fly to her crotch, keeping herself dry. It was by far the longest Brittany had ever managed to hold off her desperation, but she refused to give up. She wanted to be strong for Ruth. “Hold it like Ruth,” she would think to herself as she lay, clutching herself. Eventually holding on so hard would tire her out enough that Brittany would fall back into an uneasy sleep, and this continued until rays of morning light began peeking through her windows. In fact they all lasted until the morning, even Ruth, though she had to slide out of bed without sitting up to minimize the pressure put on her totally overinflated bladder.

Amy, Claire, and Brittany were fidgety. Sarah’s muscles seemed to have recovered somewhat, but Megan’s were very weak, and she was unsure how long she could last without another emptying. At 9 am, after a breakfast with two drinks each, Dr. Penn addressed them all, telling them how good they were doing, and that he promised to return that afternoon with their chamber pots, and also to stay hydrated. Throughout the little speech he gave, Ruth stood stock still, her posture totally rigid, legs slightly apart. Her face was a picture of intense concentration, and she was sweating badly.

She looked as though she were carrying a half-grown pumpkin in her abdomen, but still, she remained unmoving through sheer force of will. “I won’t give in. I don’t have to use more than just my sphincter muscles. I will not cross my legs. I will not hold myself. I will not even press my thighs together. I will behave normally, just as I always have with a full bladder. My bladder will not control my movements or actions,” Ruth thought to herself.

