Chapter #10

Author: Wendy (1998-11-02 at 14:23)

It was 5:15am and the gentle rolling of the ferry had lulled us into drowsy silence. We were about half way from Victoria to Vancouver and the sky was loosing its blackness with the approach of dawn. Vanessa sat behind the wheel looking very tired. Her hair was mussed, but she was smiling. Sitting next to her, I knew that I must have looked much the same. The afterglow of having met Bill (and all we had done together) had me wired. I kept reliving each scene in my head, still feeling as if it were all unreal. 

We were listening to a rock station out of Port Angeles and I must have been fidgeting a bit too vigorously to the beat. Vanessa turned toward me and said, “Jesus, Wendy, where do you find the energy?” I said that I didn't know, that it was just all too exciting. She stared at me, then asked if I thought I had fallen in love, or something. I looked back and just smiled. She said, very sternly, “you only just met the guy! I know that he's good looking and he cums in buckets. But you don't know the first thing about him. You're in lust, not in love”.

“Maybe, both,” I replied. “He's really sweet and gentle. He's gonna call me on Sunday”.

“And what if he doesn't,” she asked? “You can't bum me out, so don't try.” Vanessa shrugged, then asked, “just what did you two do in that bedroom”? “We had a really nice time. And, at least, we shut the door”! Vanessa looked blank for a second, then she blushed. “Oh…you saw”.

“Kinda hard to miss. I had no idea you did those sorts of things!”

“I wouldn't talk if I were you, Wendy.” I reminded her that I had no real experience with a man, before this; that I had only played some with boys and with one girl. She admonished me that that was even more reason not to go over the deep end. She said that I should enjoy what I was learning and not worry about tying my self to just one guy for a while. (She was starting to sound very much like a mommy and I told her so.) Vanessa went on to say that most girls definitely did not have such a pleasant time loosing their virginity. That I should feel lucky, but that I was not in love. I guess the look on my face stopped her. She studied me for a moment, then asked, “you did do it with him…didn't you”? “Well…not exactly”.

“But, what…”? I explained, without going into all the wet stuff. That was still a little too personal to mention. She already knew too much there. She sat quietly for some time. Then she said that if I didn't love him, she would be glad to. I slugged her on the shoulder!

We could see Vancouver the skyline clearly now. We would be back at Vanessa's home before 6:30. Her parents and older brother had gone for the weekend to Alberta to visit family, so we could crash and burn for as long as we liked. Vanessa suggested that we stop for breakfast on the way. The thought hit me like a ton. I was famished and hadn't realized it. I eagerly agreed. Then she told me that she hoped that I didn't think of her as a whore. She explained that she had been sexually active since 15, but only with a select few. That last night had been a kind of awakening for her as well. 

Something had just broken loose in her and she felt free to do anything she wanted. She stammered a little when talking about the three-way thing I had witnessed only a part of. She told me that part of that had been my fault. That if I hadn't told her about my fling with another girl, she probably would not have had the courage to do what she had with that woman. She admitted that my story had piqued her interest and that she really had liked doing that woman. I asked just how much she had done. She said, “pretty much everything”. As I sat there listening I became aware of two sensations. I was in awe of my friend for her openness and free spirit. And I was seeing, once again that I was attracted to her, now more than ever.

I told Vanessa that, had I been in that doorway alone, I would have liked to have joined her. She looked at me with an odd questioning in her eyes. I felt awkward, but I had to go on and explain. When I saw her raising and lowering herself on that guy's cock, I was transfixed. The glint of her wetness on his shaft as it came into view and disappeared again made me want to go over and touch it. And the way she was kissing and feeling that woman had made me wish that I were in her place. 

Vanessa was still looking at me in that same way. Finally she asked, “Wendy are you saying what I think you are saying”? I guess I had given in to my horniness; because I was shaking slightly from the excitement. I was openly seducing another woman and for the first time I was fully aware of the fact. “I really want you, Vanessa,” I whispered quietly. She just sat there staring. And I was becoming uncomfortable. Perhaps I'd gone too far, too fast? I studied my hands in my lap. “You mean just you and me,” she asked, almost inaudibly. I looked up to her, hope written openly on my face. She said, “sure”. I sagged in relief, just as the ferry bumped into the Vancouver dock.

Vanessa started the car and, in but a few moments we were headed into town. Not another word was said about my having approached her, of her quiet acceptance. We stopped at a small 'mom & pop' diner and eat huge breakfasts, accompanied by a lot of coffee. I know we were both aware of what had just passed between us, that we were both trying to be very grown up about it all. And, as we ate, it became increasing more apparent just how excited we were getting at the prospect of what lay ahead of us. We had nearly two whole days alone to explore one another. I was all jittery inside. And, I could see that she felt much the same. Her nipples were clearly visible through the material of her bra and her blouse and sweater. 

Her face was flushed and her eyes positively shone. It was another 45 minutes to her place, so after paying the bill, we went into the ladies room to get rid of some of that coffee. As the door closed behind us and we were alone, we looked at each other and broke out giggling from the strain of trying not to look too excited. There was only one toilet in there and we both offered to let the other go first. Then Vanessa grabbed my hand and said, “peeing really turns you on. Doesn't it?” I said so. She said, simply, “teach me.” For the first time I was at a loss. It turned me on, sure. I wanted to share it with her very much. But, teach her? “How,” I asked? “I don't know. But I want to learn”.

“Well, not in here! Someone may come in (she locked the door) or wonder what's going on.” I surrendered to my desires. I had her sit and spread her legs and said, “lesson one, peeing is very sensual. That means it effects the senses. You can see it, hear it and feel it.” 

And…taste it,” Vanessa asked with an eyebrow raised? I was caught speechless. She went on, “that is one of the senses, isn't it”? I told her I supposed it was, but that I hadn't meant that. I went on to tell her that one had to focus upon just how good it felt to pee…really focus on the feeling. That peeing was warm and wet, just like we got between our legs when really turned on. That, when in contact with the pleasure of the feeling, sexually (with came with time), we could learn to even enjoy the sight and sound of someone peeing. I said that I liked to put my hand into my stream and feel it trickling through my fingers. 

That touching another's pee was a turn on, as well. Then I said that she had better start peeing, because I was getting desperate…and I was randy to watch, besides. With that, Vanessa looked down at her bottom and began to relax. She peed at once and I was rewarded with the sight of a steady and full, yellow, stream squirting from between her lips. At first it was striking the porcelain of the bowl. But, as the flow increased to full force, it found its way down to the water and produces that lovely splashing. In that small room it was quite loud. I was mesmerized. Then Vanessa said, “you'd better hurry, if you want to feel it. I'm nearly done.” Caught off guard, I hesitated, unsure. Then, still worrying about pushing her too fast, I stuck my hand down under her and caught the last of her flow, as it dribbled to an end. 

Even that little bit sent an electric bolt of excitement through me. Plus, having to go as much as I did, it nearly made me wet my pants. I actually had a moment of thinking that I should just give in and let it flow. But getting to her car, past the people in the caf?, and not wanting to ruin her seats, stopped me. As Vanessa reached for the toilet paper, I asked her not to. I said that lesson one required that she fully experience the act of peeing.

That she was to pull up her panties and levis and allow the residual wetness to dampen the area around her very sensitive tissues. That way she could go on feeling it and the moisture would have the added benefit of reminding her that she was doing something, not only sensually exciting, but socially taboo. As Vanessa zipped up her pants, she said that she understood the turn on to doing things that people said were a no-no. Then she rubbed her fingers around her crotch and bottom and said that she could definitely feel the wetness. That she kind of liked it.

With that, I dropped mine and sat to pee. Vanessa asked me if I hadn't worn panties to the party; that she seemed to remember panties when we were in the loo together. I explained that I had wet them in front of Bill and that he had asked for them as a memento of our first night. (How could I have refused?) She said something about he and I being made for one another, then she was at my knees, ready. I spread for her and commenced peeing without preamble. I was full and in serious need. The strength and fullness of my stream made that very evident and Vanessa said as much. She was watching intently and I got the feeling that she was truly getting into the spirit of pee play. Then, unbidden, she reached into my stream and soaked her fingers and palm with my pee. She said, “au, it feels so hot!” She kept her hand there until I was empty.

Then she held it up and examined the wetness. She looked from her hand up to me and commented that she really did feel a funny kind of naughtiness and excitement doing this. I got my clothes back into place and said that we really had to get out of there; that I wanted to get her home for lesson two. (Now I had no notion whatsoever of what that could be. But it was a way of getting somewhere alone with her where we could truly relax and get some serious pee fun into motion.) Vanessa was still holding her wet hand up between us. She looked at me rather impishly, sniffed at her hand, smiled and touched a wet fingertip to the end of her tongue. I caught my breath in surprise as she said, without the least revulsion, that it was salty. 

I took her hand and tried it myself. It struck me that I was putting my own pee in my mouth and the feeling was like soaring. She was right…salty. Then I took two of her fingers completely into my mouth and sucked the pee off them. I kept sucking, like you'd suck a cock for a few moments. Vanessa groaned at the pleasure of it and actually licked her lips like a tart in the cinema. Then someone knocked at the door and asked how long we were going to occupy the loo. We both blushed. Vanessa flushed the toilet and I turned on the faucet at the sink. I said it would be but a moment. Neither of us washed our hands. We just left the room to the impatient lady and headed for the car in a state of excited anticipation.

Once we reached Route One and were settled into a lane, Vanessa asked me what lesson two was. Thinking fast, I replied, “panty wetting!” She said, “oh? Well, these panties are already damp. I guess peeing in them will do no harm.” I told her that it didn't work like that. She would have to put on a fresh and dry pair of cotton panties to wet. She said, “why cotton? I have lots of sexier panties, even some satins from Victoria's Secret.” I explained how cotton was the very best for absorbing and holding her pee against her, so she could really enjoy it. And about how cotton panties got kind of transparent when wet, which was sexy, too. I said that they would have to be light, like pastel; or, better yet, white.

That way the wet area would really stand out and, when they dried, the stain would be visible. It was becoming plain that Vanessa was getting a bit uncomfortable with all this. She had stiffened her posture and didn't seem as interested. I asked that before she labeled me as obsessive, she should be patient and learn just how very sensual our little game can become. She relaxed at that and asked, “I suppose that lesson three is peeing in my levis; and that lesson four is wetting my bed?” I thought for a moment and replied, with a giggle, “how'd you know?” At that, Vanessa laughed out loud and told me that I was going to turn her into a total kink; that by lesson ten, we'd be peeing all over one another! I thought to myself, 'if not sooner.'
