Going To The Limit
  Entry to: Month 8
By: Henry (1997-09-23)

(Here is my second contribution for the Month 8 competition.)

Li Sung was desperately proud of her place in her national athletic squad. Standards were incredibly high, for not only did she have to be the best in her field, but she was expected to be physically perfect in every other way. The team had been training together for a week when the deputy director called her to his office.

"We have been watching you, and all the other athletes very closely, and there is one thing we would like you to explain," he said. "We notice that you have been visiting the toilets very frequently, often as much as once an hour in the mornings. Do you have some problem that you have not told us about?"

This was the moment that Li had been dreading. "There is nothing wrong with me," she said, "except that you make us to drink a lot of fluids to avoid de-hydration, and that makes me want to urinate."

"That is the idea of drinking lots of fluids," replied the deputy director, "but other athletes still only go at 4 to 6 hour intervals. Are you using this as an excuse to avoid training?"

Li pleaded that this was not the case, that she was as keen on training as anyone, and she promised that she would not visit the toilet any more often than any of the other athletes. In her heart, she knew that this was a rash promise, as she was already waiting as long as she comfortably could before urinating. Her perfect body had only one hidden defect, a tiny bladder.

The next few days were almost continual stress for Li. She had to try and keep her toilet visits to a minimum, but her closely monitored training regime forced her to drink litres of water and electrolyte fluids, which her bladder was unable to contain. She tried to wait as along as she could, but running and exercising were just about the worst possible activities when her bladder was bursting. To her mortification, she actually broke down and let squirts of urine go into her shorts on several occasions when trying to wait a few more minutes, but she hoped that this was not noticed.

After a week of repeated desperation she thought that she was managing to space out her toilet visits more, but she was still summoned back to the deputy director's office. He told her that they had been watching her very closely since her last interview, and that they were going to investigate her bladder problem in depth, as it was clearly a physical defect that had not been detected before. Li had no choice but to agree to this, and was subjected to a series of ultra-sound scans of the abdomen, most with a desperately full bladder.

The verdict was that her bladder was normal, but that she was not exercising sufficient control to stretch it to its full capacity. The deputy director seemed to think that this was because she was not willing to endure any discomfort as it filled, and that this was a serious character defect in an international athlete. He gave her an ultimatum; she had to demonstrate that she could control her bladder better than her closest rivals, stretching it to a greater capacity than they could manage. This test would take place the following day, and their performances would be closely observed and recorded.

The three athletes had to report to the medical examination room early the next morning, where, dressed in tight running shorts, they were X-rayed and scanned before the contest began. In accordance with the meticulous record keeping that the deputy director was famous for, all the events were being recorded with four video cameras running all the time. The three girls, Li, Kim, and Fan, then had to consume the specially formulated electrolyte fluid, drinking a 330 ml glass every ten minutes.

As they were all in training, they had to perform various exercises so as not to waste the morning. Li, knowing her whole career depended on a good performance that morning, had tried to dehydrate herself as much as possible overnight, and had squeezed every last drop of urine from her bladder immediately before starting the test. She hoped that the other two had not been so thorough in their preparations, as she knew they both had bigger bladders than she had.

They all survived the first hour. Li had exercised with tremendous vigour, hoping to sweat out as much fluid as possible, but despite this her bladder was feeling uncomfortably full. She dreaded having to drink much more, as she was afraid she would soon become desperate. From past experience, she knew that once her bladder reached a certain fullness, her need to go rapidly became very urgent. Performing exercises in that condition would be almost impossible, as she would have to concentrate hard on holding her urine back.

Another glass of water and Li was needing to go much more urgently. Running on the treadmill machine was becoming impossible, as she tried to keep her thighs pressed together to control herself. She was almost at the end of her tether when all three were told to stop exercising while more measurements were made. Thankfully, Li sat with her legs tightly crossed while waiting to be scanned again.

When it was her turn to lay under the scanner with her legs apart she had regained enough control over her bladder to manage it without fidgeting or crossing her legs. Another glass of liquid, and she knew she would not be able to last much longer if she had to start exercising again. Neither of the other two girls looked to be uncomfortable, but she hoped this was an illusion, and that they were both bursting as much as she was.

Instead of more exercise, they had to watch some training videos on race tactics, allowing Li, who was now desperate, to sit with her legs tightly crossed. As time passed, and she drank another glass of liquid, the urgency of her desperation increased, and she was having to clench herself shut inside to hold her urine. While she was still trying to appear engrossed in the videos, she was actually concentrating almost entirely on controlling her bladder.

Two cameras were now focused on her; the deputy director and his assistant noted the constant movement of her thighs and the way she was clenching her fists and gripping her shorts. The close up of her face showed her anxiously biting her lip as her bladder reached bursting point. There was one camera trained on each of the other girls, recording that Kim was also looking uncomfortable, moving about on her chair and pressing her knees together, while Fan looked as relaxed as when she started the tests.

Poor Li had never been so desperate in her life, but she knew that her future as an international athlete depended on holding her urine longer than the other girls, so she somehow summoned up some more control as yet more fluid was pressed on her. The videos ended and the coach began to recap on what they had just seen. Li no longer cared what he was saying, as the only thing she could think about was holding back her urine. Her bladder was literally at bursting point. Her abdomen felt as if it was bulging out about 10 cm.

It was taking every ounce of her strength and concentration to stop herself leaking into her shorts, and she was repeating to herself "I must wait, I simply must hold it a bit longer. Pretend my life depends on holding on another five minutes." When she had survived five minutes, then she had to start again and wait another five minutes. She told herself that this was the most important contest of her life, and like a race, she had to keep finding more reserves of strength to keep going. Or in this case, to stop herself going in her shorts.

By this time, Li was like a runner at the end of a race, and her world was reduced to her bladder, which was about to explode, and the glasses of electrolyte that were making her bladder worse. Another drink, and she wanted to go even more, though she would not have thought it was possible to be any more desperate and not let go. "Will-power, will-power," she told herself, "You have to use will-power to force your body to its physical limit. If the doctor says my bladder is normal, then I must be able to wait as long as the other two girls."

She wanted to press her hand between her legs, holding herself like a child would, but she knew the camera would see this. She was frantic, and had to do something to help her bladder, so she sat on her hands and tried to press her fingers up between her legs from below. She could just reach far enough to press the fingers of her right hand between her legs, and, how wonderful, it took some of the strain off her bladder. If she could sit like this, she could last another five or even ten minutes.

Li was at such a stage of desperation that she was hardly conscious of what was going on around her. Five more minutes, she was as desperate as ever again, and trying to move her hand so as to get more pressure on her crutch. She was determined to fight on until her bladder burst inside her, so badly did she want to remain in the national team. Her stomach hurt so much now that she knew she was not going to be able to hold on much longer, but she had to try for another five minutes.

Then, suddenly, Kim stood up, grabbed herself between the legs and cried "I'm sorry, I cannot wait any longer, I must go to the toilet!" and ran out of the room. Li could hardly believe what had happened. She had won, she wasn't the first to need to go, she could keep her place in the team. In the ecstasy of her victory, Li relaxed for a moment and a spurt of urine escaped from her bladder.

In panic she grabbed between her legs with both hands, pressing with all her might, but nothing could stop the flood now the dam had burst. Her body took control, and with a great surge of relief, urine poured through her shorts, past her hands and spread across the chair before dripping onto the floor. The video cameras recorded the smile of relief that spread across her face as she finally allowed her bladder to empty. So great was her relief that she made no attempt to stop the flow, but simply let her bladder empty onto the chair, the flood continuing for nearly two minutes.

Even though Li had waited longer than Kim, if only by a minute or so, the fact that she had gone in her shorts instead of in the toilet would have counted against her, except that when a shame-faced Kim returned, her shorts were also wet, as she had also lost control before reaching the toilet. The video recording also showed that she had been repeatedly pressing her hand between her legs for some time before she finally gave up. In fact, she later confessed to Li, she had started leaking while she was still sitting down, and even holding between her legs had not completely stopped her as she ran to the toilet.

For Li the story had a happy ending, as the effort she had made to contain her bladder had shown her how will-power could drive body to greater efforts, and in her next race she set a new record time and established her place in the team for the rest of her career.
