The Pee Fight
	(Female Desperation)
Author: The Jester (2011-05-03)

Back in college once I was at a keg party at the frat house. There were these two extremely cute chicks there that I successfully hit on. Dawn, who was in her junior year, had long blonde hair and a slender build, a little on the short side and cute as a button. The other one, Jane, was a sophomore. She was a little taller than Dawn with the same build. She had long dark hair and just as cute.

Let's get to the story, shall we. Well, I was forced to interrupt my beer contest with the guys when I noticed these two hotties sipping wine and just being cute. I went over to start a conversation and it led to a night of dancing and flirting. I seemed like the envy of all the guys. Anyway, when the party ended I invited the hot pair to my apartment for a night of pleasure. Little did I realize I would get a little more than I bargained for.

We were all pretty drunk by the time we arrived there. Not to mention, Dawn and Jane both had to piss like a couple of racehorses. (I was smart enough to use the bathroom before leaving the party, maybe they didn't like public bathrooms or there was a line.) As soon as I got the front door open they both raced inside and headed for the bathroom. Only problem was, I had one bathroom and they both needed to use it like mad.

The only way to compromise that was a fight. Dawn and Jane spent pretty much the next hour or so trying to get in there first and it may have gotten a little nasty but I'll just get into the good stuff.

First, they were trying to pull each other back to get in there first. Then they were playing the dirtiest little tricks while I just sat there enjoying every minute of it. I also noticed they them squirming a little before they started getting desperate. I also remember Dawn's cell phone rang and when she answered it Jane tried to make a break for it but Dawn grabbed her arm while they both struggled there for a few minutes. By the time Dawn finished her call, they both looked like they were dancing (the pee dance, of course). However, neither one would back down or show any consideration for the other.

While the girls were practically pulling each other's hair out, they were also sneaking a grab at their crotches, this was how far it has come so far. I had the urge to yell out why don't they grab each other's about to be wet crotches but decided it would be better not to. After all, I didn't want to become a victim of a vicious bitch-slapping or two, for that matter. I figured it would be better just to sit and watch, admire the whole thing from a distance and just keep hoping they'd both lose control.

It didn't take long for my wishes to come true, shortly thereafter, I noticed a small stream gush down Dawn's leg. My cock started to get hard as a little more came out and before I could say 'toilet paper' her pants became seriously soaked. I was turned on like you couldn't believe while Jane started to laugh, I was really hoping she'd lose it from laughing too hard. No such luck with that, she tried triumphantly to run to the bathroom but Dawn grabbed her like 'oh no, i'm taking you with me.'. While Jane struggled to get away, she managed to get a little on her jeans as well. Within about half a minute, she let it all go in her pants and I had two completely soaked hotties in my company.

After this, it looked as if Dawn and Jane wanted to strangle each other for making the other one wet themselves, and in their minds, humiliate themselves in my company. I finally got them to call a truce and even feel each other's wet crotches before I joined in for a wet threesome.
