The Day the Earth Couldn’t Sit Still 
 Entry to: Week 16
From Fluidity (1996-06-11 04:02:42 UTC) f T#418

(with apologies to writer Edmund North and director Robert Wise, the creators of one of the great science fiction films)

I

Professor Jacobs glanced at his watch, and then the calendar. It had been only five days since the huge, gleaming saucer landed on the Washington Mall, and only five days since the humanoid alien (and his great robot, Gort) walked out of the saucer to greet mankind... and get shot for his troubles, due to a trigger-happy soldier mistaking the universal greeting of peace for a threatening move.

It had been only two days since Jacobs met that very alien, and learned how intellectually backward Earth science was, as the alien casually found the mistake in the calculation Jacobs had been struggling with for months. Quite a comedown for one of Earth's premiere scientists.

Only yesterday the world's leaders learned that today, at noon, the man from space would force mankind to take notice of his presence with some unknown action. And it was just a few moments to noon...

However, nothing was going to keep Professor Jacobs from his daily nap, something he had been doing for forty-seven years, and no space man was taking this away from him. He dearly wished he could be out at the mall to see what would happen. Speculation was wild: The space man would shut out the sun; he would shut down all power in the world; he would levitate the Washington Monument in a jocular feat of phallic power. But no one knew. All the press, radio, and television was focused on the mall, waiting for the silent, closed saucer to speak.

Professor Jacobs settled down and let all thoughts flow from his mind.

This silent meditation had renewed him for years; it allowed him to commune with his own body. And, so, perhaps he was the first on Earth to notice, as noon passed, a subtle change in his body, a change that no one on Earth would long fail to notice in their own bodies: the kidneys were working prodigiously.

After fifteen minutes Professor Jacobs could no longer ignore what his body was telling him: his bladder was becoming quite full, something that had not happened during his daily respites for many years, since he always relieved himself not long before commencing them. His mind pondered this fact. How had this happened? He enjoyed the feeling of fullness, a pleasure lost in his youth; he enjoyed the erection it produced, something that was all too infrequent at his age. Slowly, the unique confluence of his body's activity with the time the alien was to make his great show began to enter his consciousness. "Could this be...? Would he have the audacity...?"

Unwilling to suffer any longer, Jacobs entered the bathroom. While relieving himself, Jacobs heard Mrs. Robinson, his housekeeper for years, rush in from the gardening she was doing outside. "Professor,

you have to let me in immediately or I'm going to piss all over the rug in your study!" The urgency in her voice gave Jacobs one more hint that his suspicions were right. Mrs. Robinson had never spoken in such graphic terms in her 17 years of service.

II

The crowd at Wimbledon Stadium was going mad. Michelle Blarney, the great Scottish champion, and Sally Bishop, the equally great British champion, were once again locked in a ferocious battle in the finals of the women's championship. Neither would yield today, and so the match went on and on. As the clock passed the 5PM mark, the match was tied and the final set was 13-12, advantage Michelle. The crowd watched breathlessly as each player kept the other from victory.

By 5:15 one could observe the concentration of the crowd begin to wane. The repetitive head movements, as if the crowd were one watching the ball, began to break up into random, jerking motions, as if wet-rot were creeping over the mass of people

The players were taking in large gulps of water between each play. Michelle, for one, could not believe her good luck. "God, it has been ages since I've found myself wanting to spill a gusher into my towel during rest time; I hope I can hold on that long. Wetting this British grass in front of two thousand tennis fans won't get me that Betty Crocker TV ad!"

Sally was equally puzzled. "I've always been able to gauge my water intake and my sweat output perfectly; that's what we pros learn to do.

Why is it not working today?" She gave her sphincters another squeeze before taking that dangerous spread-legged position, ready for Michelle's next serve.

By 5:20 it was easy to glance around the crowd and notice people moving by ones and twos to the aisles and rushing toward the exits, despite the crucial play on court. Inside the stadium the typically inadequate bathroom facilities were beginning to show the strain. The three stalls in the women's room were followed by a queue of thirty women, and newcomers were trickling onto the queue much faster than the stalls were emptying. Groans of distress were heard as woman after woman took their place at the ever-growing queue. The men's queue, too, was lengthening, despite their sex's elimination abilities.

Anthony Hyde-Willoby, the match scorekeeper on the high stool, was the most exposed of all. Outfitted in his black pinstriped suit, the perfect image of British decorum, he did not know how he could prevent trickling a quart of piss through the chair-slats in his precarious position. "Would those ladies hurry through these two games so I can take a big bloody leak!" he mumbled to himself.

It was 5:23 and Michelle's bladder was near to bursting by now, so she let out a few carefully timed squirts to ease the pressure. It had been a long time since she had done this on the court, for her piss always ended up in her shoes with terrible blisters the result. She had never known her bladder to fill so quickly in her life. What she really wanted to do is squat and hold her racquet in front of her and let it rip through those red tights, but she knew she would never get away with that.

Sally was just as perplexed. "I peed just last night, and hardly had to fidget at all this morning." Through years of practice, she had trained herself to relieve her bladder only once a day; this resulted in a remarkably large organ, measured at 2.327 litres by the great German urologist, Rolland Wasserschmidt; the medical report he published of this historic measurement made the front pages of both the London and the New York Times.

However, today Sally was being tested. The pressure on her sphincters was slowing her response and taking her mind off her game. Today Michelle was equally distracted, so any careful viewer of the match (there was none left in the audience) would have seen quality tennis slowly disappear. Sally held her bladder despite intense, aching pain, one of the world's most remarkable feats in this remarkable day.

III

Finally at 5:27 Sally hit the passing shot that gave her the lead 14- 13, and the ladies walked, somewhat awkwardly for once, toward their benches. Michelle took a big yellow towel and placed it under her red tights and let go what she felt was the biggest whiz in five years. The large beach towel came nowhere near to holding the surging stream of pee Michelle let forth, despite the squirting she had allowed herself during the match. The towel overflowed and tinkled onto the shiny gym bag underneath her bench.

Sally was constitutionally incapable of willingly pissing outside the comfort of her very own bathroom. So, despite pressure of historic proportions, she denied herself what everyone else on Earth was permitting themselves: a gigantic, gushing piss. She sat cross- legged, her leg jerking helplessly, fidgeting and clamping down on her stretched bladder, unaware of the relief Michelle was enjoying on the other side of the scorer's chair.

As soon as Anthony Hyde-Willoby uttered, "Game, Miss Bishop," he was rising from his seat and scampering down the stairs to the Wimbledon grass and the blessed relief he needed. However, this time was not to be. The first step down from his perch resulted in a gigantic squirt of piss from his achingly full bladder. He no more had clamped that one off than another came to take its place. By the time he reached the Earth, a huge wet spot marked his Brooks-Brother's crotch. Each step he took emptied more of his over-full water bag onto his suit-pants, and there was nothing he could do about it. "Thank God those piss-ant little ball-boys aren't around to see this!" he mumbled as he stumbled toward the private toilet that he would never get to use.

IV

If Anthony Hyde-Willoby and the women players were not distracted by their own pressing needs, they would have seen the audience rise as one when Sally's passing shot gave her the game and marked the brief rest period. The aisles were clogged by men and women all on the very edge of flooding their clothes.

At first the crowd pretended there was nothing unusual in their mass exit.. Suddenly one women cried out, "God almighty, I have to bloody piss a quart." The clamor of agreement and shared agony began to dawn on the surging mass. The futility of their position became apparent. There was no way that the bathroom facilities were going to satisfy everyone's urgent requirements.

Susan Feldon, visiting from America with her brother, was the first to signal the direction the crowd should to take. "Fuck this shit!" she cried, stepped to one side out of the clogged aisle, and contentedly relaxed her cramped sphincters. Suddenly a golden hissing sound captured everyone's attention; the blessed relief it brought was all over Susan's beatific face. Her black miniskirt was hiked up to her waist and her black briefs were bulging under the pressure of a half-hour's intense need. Her briefs were streaming forth a glorious gush of steaming piss, spattering over the cement stadium floor and running down from step to step.

It did not take the vast audience long to emulate Susan's liberating act for their own salvation. The sound arising from two thousand simultaneously emptying bladders gave the relieved congregation such an auditory high that it would live in their memories for their entire lives. The sound soon lead those hopelessly stuck below in toilet queues to yield to their own needs and copy the actions of those above them in the stadium.

V

Only Sally restrained herself at Wimbledon that afternoon, through superhuman will and a bladder full beyond comprehension to other mortals.

It was her bad luck to choose to hold it as the half-hour passed and the space man's control of humanity's bladders ceased. The lesson was over.

Few on Earth withstood the thirty minutes of prodigious alien- instigated urine production, but Sally was one of them. Michelle easily defeated her when the match resumed, such was the gross disadvantage Sally had burdened herself with. Regrettably, history has no record of the 2782 ml whiz that Sally delivered when she reached the sanctity of her home later that afternoon.

Her historic fidgeting during the trophy presentation to the victorious Michelle was, however, filmed for scientists to study. The control she exercised, and the brief and gracious concession speech she gave ("I couldn't hold it... you back, Michelle. Oooo! Wow! Congratulations. .. Mpffffssss!") were courageous past all understanding.

Dr. Wasserschmidt's estimate of Sally's bladder size from the film, "over 2.7 litres", was generally accepted as authoritative.

VI

"Gort, I'd like to meet that woman," the alien said to his robot companion, as he watched the Wimbledon events from the protection of his saucer command post. A smile crept over his lips. Gort made no reply. 

