Wet discoveries with a full bladder

Authro: J.E. Hart

I've never had trouble getting to a bathroom in time before. Even if it was close, I always made it without even the slightest leak. Today was different: as I rushed into the restau¬rant where my friend Kira was waiting for me, my full bladder jostled and I couldn't help but wonder if I had everything under control.

I slid into the booth, flustered, and set my purse beside me. Kira had already ordered iced tea, but she was waiting for me to order food so we could eat together.

"I'm so sorry," I said. "I got behind this accident on the freeway and it took/orever to clear up."

"Hey, it's fine," Kira laughed. "So tell me, Ella, how have you been?"

"Great." I crossed my ankles, letting the pres¬sure in my bladder dispute before continuing. "Aside from my crazy morning today, life has been pretty normal."

"Been on any dates?"

I sighed. "None. Honestly, it's getting so frus¬trating. There are no decent men in my area, and casual sex hasn't been doing it for me lately. I need something to spice my life up."

"I know what you mean." Kira took a sip from her glass of iced tea and gestured at the pitcher in the middle of the table. "Have some. It's actually really good."

I obliged and poured some out into my empty glass, hearing the ice clink made me squeeze my legs tighter. I wanted to wait to go to the toilet until after we had ordered since I kept Kira from eating because of my tardiness.

The little diner we decided to eat at for lunch was packed because it was Saturday, and it looked like they didn't have enough waitstaff working.

We ended up waiting a lot longer than I thought, and as I slowly drained my iced tea, I began to wonder if they had forgotten about us.

I opened my mouth to tell Kira that I was going to run to the bathroom seconds before a waitress arrived at our table to jot down our orders. I had to sit still while we ordered the food, and as soon as she was gone, Kira started to talk again.

"They should really hire more people," she said quietly, leaning across the table so I could hear. "I've had this same problem here before on the weekdays too."

I leaned in closer too and felt a warning sign from my bladder in the form of a sharp tingle. I had to make a move now or I would regret it, I was sure. "Yeah, it seems like a pretty popular place. Hey - will you look after my purse for just a sec¬ond? I'm going to go to the bathroom."

"Sure."

I squeezed out from behind the booth and hur¬ried across the restaurant to the sign that pointed out where the bathrooms were. I hadn't peed since I left the house early that morning, and the cup of coffee I had on the drive over had found its way into my bladder quickly.

I picked up both my legs one at a time in a little dance as I found myself at a crossroads. There were two short halls leading to two different doors. One of them was the men's bathroom and one the women's, but I couldn't tell which one. The door on the left was open, so I went to that one and peeked inside.

When I got closer, I saw that there was a plaque indicating this was the right bathroom, but there was also a sign propped up on the floor that read: "closed for cleaning."

What?

###

I hadn't planned for this. I squeezed my legs together for a brief second while the disappoint¬ment sank in and walked back to the booth Kira and I were in. I was about to tell her they were closed and I would try again later, but Kira started talking before I could.

"Last week I had to pick up my niece from daycare..."

I became more in tune with the throbbing sen¬sations in my bladder. It was akin to the pulsing of my clit when I was really turned on. As I shifted in my seat to accommodate my stretched bladder, I felt another sensation - a growing wetness in my pussy. Maybe I didn't mind having to hold longer after all.

I rubbed my legs together subtly and felt the wetness spread. I wanted to keep going, but in public with Kira sitting opposite me, it was far too risky. I tried to focus on what Kira was saying in¬stead but soon found it impossible.

".. .So now my brother is looking for a new daycare, which is actually pretty tough in the neighborhood where he lives."

"Mm, I can imagine," I said, finding my hand sliding up to the waistband of my pants.

The table blocked my body from the waist down, so nothing I was doing was visible to Kira. It would be visible to a waiter or anyone sitting opposite, but a cursory glance told me no one was watching. I crossed my legs nonchalantly, cleared my throat, and at the same time, unbuttoned my jeans and pulled the zipper down.

My abdomen expanded into a bulge that my open hand welcomed. My belly was warm and the pressure I put on it thrilling. I teased my bladder bulge by pressing my forefinger into it and letting it contract before pulling my hand away.

Our food arrived and I quickly came back to my senses. Here I was, sitting at a table with my jeans undone and a bursting bladder with strangers all around me. I redid my jeans and smiled nervously at the waitress as she handed me my plate.

I couldn't do this here. But I had to wait so long to get home. I had never held like this before and didn't know how long I could handle it. But I was in the middle of a restaurant where every move I made was readily visible to everyone. As I had this internal debate, Kira kept talking to me like noth¬ing was wrong. I had to do something, so I teased myself over my jeans with my free hand while eat¬ing with the other.

I eventually got distracted by the food and conversation and let myself sink into the seat, not worrying about how much more iced tea my blad¬der capacity would allow for.

"That meal was great, but I should be going now," Kira told me after our food was gone. "I have to pick up some groceries still before I head home."

The throbbing in and around my pussy and the pressure of an overfull bladder came rushing back to me as soon as I heard these words.

"It was great seeing you," I replied, scooting to the edge of the booth to stand up.

I immediately realized I had a problem: I couldn't just stand up anymore. I had been drink¬ing iced tea like my life depended on it and my bladder expanded immensely to fit all the liquid.

The pressure on my pee hole was heavenly, though, and I forced myself to straighten up when I stood just to feel my bladder stretch. I almost lost a dribble right there, but I clenched my muscles and danced a bit when I was sure Kira wasn't looking.

"We need to meet again soon." She slung her purse over her shoulder and grinned.

"Absolutely. And next time I won't be late!" We laughed and she moved in to hug me.

The pressure on my bladder from Kira was torture, but it was a torture I liked. I pulled her in closer and felt my bladder throb uncontrollably in a viselike grip while I soaked up the feeling. I let her go when I was sure that the next second I was going to leak. I was at the point where I kind of wanted to, but it would be too dangerous with my friend pressed up against me if I couldn't stop it right away.

###

Kira left me in the restaurant after paying her half of the bill and I decided now was the time to finally use the bathroom. I had been enjoying my¬self, but I was a big girl. There was no more time for fun and games right now; I needed to be on my way.

The bathroom was open again and freshly cleaned. I took a whiff of the pine cleaner scent that was left behind in the room and walked up to an empty cubicle. There was no one else in the bathroom, so I took my time enjoying my long, desperate walk over.

My pussy was slick with my juices and I reveled as I felt the friction around my clit when I squeezed my thighs and rubbed them back and forth. Just for a moment, I imagined what it would feel like to have hot pee dripping down my jeans, soaking the denim so thoroughly it pooled around my shoes.

I had been so starved of a good orgasm for months but now I could feel the most intense pressure building up. I was paused just outside the cubicle as I rubbed my thighs back and forth, my bladder screaming for release. I could pee right now, or I could wait and let this delicious pressure keep building. I bit my lip and looked behind me to make sure no one else was walking in.

That did it for me. I made up my mind to just use the toilet lest I have an accident in public, which was one thing I wanted to avoid. If anyone walked in right now, I would be so embarrassed and I just couldn't let myself go through that.

I began to take a step forward when suddenly I convulsed in waves of pleasure. I was coming right there in this public bathroom without even touching myself. My clit pulsed as spurts of warm urine jetted into my panties. I felt so naughty, but it didn't stop me from undoing my jeans and thrusting my hand into my pussy.

I closed my eyes and moaned softly, rubbing the engorged tissue around my pussy and letting the pee flow around my fingers. I gently pushed on my pee hole to block the pee for a second before let¬ting the spurts escape again.

Each contraction in my pussy caused more pee to leak out until finally my orgasm faded and I was left leaning over and gasping in the open toilet stall. I looked up at the toilet in front of me and shook my head. There was no way I was letting this opportunity go now that I had a taste of what I was in for if I kept holding.

The leaks had stopped with my orgasm, so I hurried out of the restaurant before I leaked again and slid into my car seat. When I buckled myself in, I made sure to place the strap of the seatbelt directly over my bladder bulge, which sent my pussy into overdrive again. I felt like I was going to keep coming over and over after the first one in the bathroom, but I made myself hold on for a lit¬tle while longer.

Halfway home, I began to leak again. Pee was dripping in my panties, adding to the wetness. I loved the feeling. Every time I felt like I was going to leak again, I pushed as hard as I could to make a jet of pee shoot out. Then I tensed up and stopped it, my pee hole behaving like a leaky faucet as the urine kept dribbling out despite my best attempts at holding it back.

These voluntary contractions of my muscles were building up pressure in my pussy again and I hastily pulled over so I could take care of myself. I was in an empty parking lot now, so I didn't worry about anyone seeing me. I hooked my jeans by the waistband and yanked them down. My fingers found their way around my clit and I rubbed fu¬riously, creating my own personal heaven right there in that ugly parking lot.

Pee sprayed into the light blue denim of my jeans as I was thrown into ecstasy again, tossing my head back and moaning loudly. The pain from my overfull, stretched-out bladder was divine. I prolonged the orgasm for several seconds just by holding my hand over my warm pussy and letting the flowing pee flood over my clit.

My jeans were getting wet on the outside at this point, so I reluctantly pulled them back up and held one hand between my thighs to keep the leaks in check. My panties, which were pale pink, had turned a much darker shade across the entire crotch and were glistening with urine. I had emptied out a tiny bit, but it made my desperation even more urgent. In addition to my severe need to pee, my pussy was already in need of more at¬tention, so I hurried home to take care of it.

###

I pulled into my driveway and noticed some¬thing odd: there was another car parked there. Then I remembered and smacked my head, filling my nose with the scent of dried pee on my hand.

Fuck, my sister-in-law was supposed to come over today!

I loved getting to spend time with my sister-in-law Ava, who was around the same age I was, but today was not the best day for that. I bounced my knees up and down as I took the keys out of the ignition and grabbed my purse from the passen¬ger seat. Ava had a key to my house, so she was definitely inside waiting for me and she was defi¬nitely going to ambush me with a hug as soon as I walked in.

She did exactly as I thought: "Ella! Where have you been?"

Ava enveloped me in an embrace before I was even fully through the door. I still had my hand near my thigh, and it got crushed by her, pushing my arm into my lower abdomen, which was hard as a rock from the amount of urine I was holding.

"Lunch with Kira ran a little late," I told her.

I avoided explaining that I forgot she was com¬ing over later or I would have gotten home earlier. Instead, I asked her if she wanted some coffee.

"I would love some," she answered.

I made some in my french press, dancing subtly around. Just the thought that I had my own private bathroom waiting for me at this very mo¬ment was almost too much. Ava remained in my living room while I made the coffee, so I took this alone time to pay some much-needed attention to my pussy that was nearly dripping wet by now.

Ava's hug had put pressure on my bladder that I didn't need, and now it was protesting. I ready to leak with every movement I made, so I tried to keep my moving to only what I had to do to pre¬vent myself from bursting.

I brought the two piping hot mugs of coffee into the living room and sat down next to Ava a few minutes later. I had my bladder in check at this point, so I was filled with renewed con¬fidence. She smiled brightly and accepted the coffee. I stared down into the dark brown liquid in my own cup and imagined it filling my bladder.

As we sat there chatting, my heart nearly stopped from what I felt inside my panties. For the first time, I had my first real loss of control of my bladder. A steady stream of pee flowed out while I kept up my innocent conversation with my sister-in-law and tried not to show the shock on my face.

I had to stop the flow somehow or I would be full-on wetting myself in front of Ava, so I pulled my knees up close to my chest and buried my hands into my crotch so that they were safely hid¬den between my legs and body.

I began to wonder about my ability to hold again. It was no longer as easy as hopping up and walking to the bathroom. With the critical state I was in, I guessed I would be able to hold for ten more minutes, tops, and then I was finished.

The other problem that I couldn't keep off my mind was my soaked pussy. It was crying out for me to touch it, but I was in no place to do that. I was reminded of my delicious orgasms in the public restroom and my car and nearly brought myself to another one at the mere thought of it.

I was using all the strength I had in my fingers to hold back the impending flood. I could no longer keep myself from leaking without the use of my hands; I knew that. This situation was get¬ting dire and I had to make a decision soon or my bladder was going to make it for me.

"Anyway, I told her I would think about it and get back to her on Monday. I don't know; what do you think?"

Ava looked at me expectantly and I was brought out of my stupor when I realized she was waiting for me to answer her question. I nervously gulped down my coffee and was filled with instant regret as well as a rush of hot liquid that made my blad¬der tingle.

"Um, hang on one second, Ava. I'll be right back."

###

I carefully stood up and hobbled out of the living room. I couldn't stand or walk or move at all like a normal person, so my only option was to duck out of Ava's sight and hope she didn't notice how weirdly I was acting.

Now on a path to my relief, I was filled with prickling sensations all over. It was as if the hypersensitivity in my bladder was carrying throughout my whole body. I slowed down to enjoy them despite the objections from my blad¬der telling me to go as fast as I could or I would have a wet accident on my hands.

I was so turned by now, I thought I might explode in more ways than one. I needed to get to that toilet right now, so I picked up my pace again just to spare myself any more agony of waiting. When it finally came into view, I slammed the bathroom door shut behind me and threw myself onto it, unable to get my panties down in time.

A flood of urine gushed out of me and into the toilet before I even touched the seat, where it made a loud tinkling noise as it hit the bowl and water. My face grew hot and let out a long sigh.

"Oh, God," I moaned.

I was being overcome with pleasure as I was mere seconds away from coming again. I thought back to the moment in the restaurant bathroom and again in my car in the empty parking lot. I closed my eyes to make the images more vivid as urine continued to empty into the bowl below me.

I didn't have to do anything. It just happened. It started deep in my pussy and pulsed outward, fill¬ing my pelvic region with an electrifying sensa¬tion. The pee spraying out was hitting my clit like a stream of water from a shower head and teasing it delightfully.

I soaked up the electricity running through my body as the last of my urine trickled into the bowl. I was weak from my climax and I leaned over, resting my elbows on my thighs. I was lost in fan¬tasy over what just happened and I didn't want to leave. I stayed as long as I could before I knew my sister-in-law would begin to wonder what hap¬pened to me.

I finally stood up with a long exhale. My legs felt like jelly and I was worried that if I had an¬other orgasm, which was a strong possibility at this point, I would collapse. My pussy and clit were still tingling, and once I was up with my thoroughly soaked panties pushed against them, I just had to keep touching myself. The scent of fresh urine wafted through my nose and my slick pussy was warm to my touch.

My panties had grown cold by now so I washed my hands after a few more seconds of play and felt the juices on my pussy lips when I pressed my thighs together. I knew I would have more time to myself once my sister-in-law was gone, but that would have to wait. I walked out of the bathroom to rejoin Ava in the living room and smiled, my cheeks aglow and my eyes sparkling.

"Now, where were we?"

She was none the wiser and I had a whole new world opened up before me just because I was running late with a full bladder.
