The Debbie Letters to Aquavite (19, 20)

Posted by Aquavite (1996'12) f P#040

Debbie nineteen

Dear Aquavite:

OK, my college story. I was taking a final. I think it was in my Microbio 6 class that everyone had to take so there must've been about 200-300 students. It was a really big class and I was doing terrible in it. I'm really not good at science stuff so this class was really hard. Anyway, it was a 3 hour final and I needed all the time I could get and I don't remember but I probalby had lunch right before. I was wearing my baby blue nylon running shorts and a short top and probably white panties with flowers but I'm not sure.

So midway through the test I felt like I had to go and they had explained that no one was to leave the room without handing in there test. It was a really hard test and I probably wasn't even half finished so I tried to just concentrate on the test. A little later I felt like I really had to go and finally it got bad enough that I thought I'd at least ask if I could go use the little girls room. But the teacher said only if I'm prepared to hand in my test but I couldn't because I'd get an F so I went back to my seat.

When I sat down I felt like I had to go even worse so I just did everything I could to hold it like crossing my legs and tried to finish the test. Then I dropped my eraser and bent down to pick it up and had a mini-accident. Thats when I knew I was really in trouble because there was no way I was gonna last the last hour. So I quickly crossed my legs again but it was getting so hard to hold it that I couldn't even concentrate on the test so I got up again and hurried over to the teacher and on my way felt another mini-accident.

So I asked him again and he said We've already discussed this. I begged him and he said things like its not fair to the other students so then I tried to whisper to him that I just started wetting my panties but a few of the students infront must've heard becasue they kinda laughed. He asked if it was true and I told him yes so he said for me to bring him my test so that no one else would look at it and the he said one of the T.A.s will go with me to make sure I'm telling the truth.

So I hurried back to my desk and got my test and I'm sure I had another mini-accident then but I'm not sure and then I ran back and handed him my test and then the T.A. (a girl) went with me down the hall to the little girls room. I remember walking in the hall and then I started slowly going so I put my hands between my legs to try to stop it but I couldn't. She looked at me and said something like You really have to go don't you and I said yes. Then we got to the little girls room and I opened the door and ran to the stall.

But since I was hurrying and I had to move my hands to open the door and the stall, I really started going and I could feel my panties filling up. I tried to pull down my shorts and panties together and sit down but my panties didn't come all the way down just my shorts did. By then I was going so much that it was to late so I adjusted my panties back to how they were and just finished going and started to cry. The T.A. heard me crying and peeked around the corner and asked if I was OK and saw what was happening because I didn't even have time to close the door to the stall.

I looked at her and didn't know what to say and when she saw me she turned around right away and laughed and said she'd wait for me outside. I finished going and tried to wipe my panties dry but I couldn't spend alot of time because I still had to finish the test. So I pulled my shorts back up and tried to stop crying and wipe my tears and I went outside. She was there waiting and she said I'm really sorry and I said it was OK. Then we hurried back so that I could finish the test and she said she'd tell the teacher to allow me 10 more minutes which was nice. I ended up getting a Pass (I remember taking that class Pass/Fail) so everything turned out OK.

And I remember it being a little embarrassing handing in the test because I knew she knew but I don't know if she told him everything and then after the test I remember thinking I can't believe she saw me but it wasn't that big a deal because I'm sure she's seen it before or its happened to her. Its not like if a guy saw me like at the football game that time. And the nylon shorts dried really fast so it wasn't that bad. So thats the college story. It wasn't as embarrassing as some of the other times like the football game or McDonalds with my stepfather. Those times were the worst. This time only the T.A. really knew anything and since I wasn't living at home or with Dave I didn't get spanked for it. See I told you it wasn't as good as Diane's story.

Do you think the other class room story is real that you wanted to send? If you think its real then you can send it. It may be interesting if its real. 

I'm sorry you have a cold and I hope you feel better real soon. Its after 6:00 so I'd better go.

Bye for now, Debbie

###

Debbie Twenty

It amazes me how much all of this stuff turns you on! Aquavite, I made the mistake of not making it to the little girls room on time last week and started wetting my panties before I could get to the toilet and it upset me but you want to touch me and lick me through them [her panties? I had told her this earlier] I can't believe that! Your so different from Dave. I just can't imagine being with a guy who'd want to touch me or lick me after I've had an accident. Dave thinks its gross and childish and thats why he punishes me and my step-father was the same way and I think there right.

I just can't imagine it any other way. I guess thats how were different because its not really a turn on for me. When it happens I get upset especially if I'm with Dave or its a major accident because then I know I'm due for a spanking. But even if I didn't get spanked I don't think I'd get so turned on by it. So I guess I understand how Dave thinks its gross and why I should be punished but I don't understand how all those people like you who read the stories at Patches place can get so turned on by it. I guess thats what makes meeting new people so interesting.

Today I'm wearing my peach silk string bikini panties from Victorias Secret under a short thin dark blue flowered dress thats a little see-through. Earlier today my boss came up from behind me to ask me a question when I was slightly leaning over my desk and I noticed he put his hand on my bottom and slid my dress up a little so I'm sure he must've been able to see my panties through my dress or he probably wouldn't have done that. He flirts with me alot but usually doesn't touch my bottom unless my panties are showing. He's funny though. I like him alot. I couldn't tell if his hand was on my panties or not but I'm just glad that I hadn't wet them like last week. That would've been so embarrassing I would've died.

I better go. He'll be back soon.

Bye for now, Debbie 
