The Origins of Infinite Capacity-4

Author: Splashfics

4. Bursting Birthday

The tenth of November was Sara's eighteenth birthday. Courtesy of her very generous father, Chandra had been invited, along with Cordelia, to travel to the Odeon cinema in Leicester square and sit in the Royal Circle for the premiere of that year's much anticipated blockbuster. She couldn't deny that the invitation came as a pleasant surprise, but wondered if Mr Dali had given his daughter a bit of a nudge... Only two weeks on from their near falling out, Chandra was still sitting on unresolved issues with her friends, but had decided for the time being to forgive them both, considering the occasion.

‘Well, perhaps not Cordelia..!'

Sara's younger brother Mateo, who was in the year below them at school and whom Chandra had often seen skulking about at Sara's house, had come along too. He was taller than Sara, but certainly looked his age, even if he tended to play the adult at times. Their cousin Zara made up the rest of the group; It was the first time Chandra had met Zara, who looked like she could have easily passed for Sara's twin sister, just with shorter hair.

‘Daddy’, had supplied his children and niece with plenty of cash and upon entering the lobby, they all moved to load up on refreshments. Chandra watched on awkwardly as she refrained from indulging herself. Being the ‘poor one out’ wasn't a new thing for her. Relatively speaking, most of the population would have been, in the company of Sara and Cordelia, whose families were literally richer than the Queen.

‘Are you not getting anything?’ Mateo asked, extracting his wallet.

‘E-Erm...’ Chandra stuttered. ‘I had a big breakfast, so I'm not that hungry...’

‘Well you can have a drink on me at least,’ he smiled and joined the others at the counter. A couple of moments later he returned, carrying the most enormous beverage Chandra had ever seen.

‘The perfect size for a girl like me I suppose!' she thought excitedly, but then, noticing Cordelia too was carrying one of the same size, she sizzled bitterly at the implication.

‘Of course she wouldn't have to worry about getting caught short... Typical..!'

Inside the impressive interior, Sara, who held the tickets, directed everyone to their seats in the Royal Circle. She'd made sure that her cousin Zara and ‘best friend’ Cordelia were sat either side of her, so Chandra found herself sandwiched between Mateo and the wall. This seating arrangement would have been more of a sore point for her had she not decided instead to focus on the novelty of her forty-four ounce beverage.

She wasn't sure how much that was in millilitres exactly, but forty-four ounces seemed a great deal indeed. And knowing that despite it all she wouldn't have to miss a single moment of the film made her feel slightly super-human. The lights dimmed and Chandra giddily gulped away.

Two seats down, Cordelia did the same. And as if racing without knowing it, they kept pace with each other throughout the first hour and a half of the feature, both finishing their drink at almost exactly the same time. Neither stirred and in fact it was Sara who was first to get up to go to the toilet after a further hour had passed. Her cousin followed shortly afterwards.

As the time went by, Chandra felt a growing sense of inferiority in the face of Cordelia's stoicism. She'd hoped that her initial impression in the lobby had been wrong, but the longer Cordelia remained seated, engrossed in the plot and apparently oblivious to the pints of liquid that surely would now have reached her bladder, the more likely it became that she really didn't have to worry about ever getting caught short. Was it possible that she had no flaws at all? Chandra racked her brains, temporarily forsaking her concentration on the storyline to chew over this more pressing conundrum. Chandra was only sitting comfortably due to her mysteriously dormant bladder. If it weren't for that, she was certain she would have had to make a visit to the toilets at least once in the past two and a half hours. Despite such a distinct advantage of her own, Chandra hated to admit that, in truth, she was jealous of Cordelia.

‘It just isn't fair for one girl to be so comprehensively blessed!' she thought, sulkily.

Sara and Zara had long returned from the toilets and now that the finale of the film was approaching, it appeared Cordelia's resolve was starting to diminish. Chandra wanted to enjoy seeing Cordelia desperate, her leg now bobbing up and down as the simmering plot line came to a boil, but she couldn't. Even when Cordelia abruptly threw in the towel and pushed her way down the row and out onto the aisle before darting down the stairs, she couldn't laugh. She'd wanted to thoroughly outdo her rival, but even in victory she felt defeated.

Once Cordelia re-emerged some time later, she was furious to discover she'd completely missed the ending of the film. Sara and Zara were beside themselves.

‘Why didn't you just wait the extra minute, Delia?’ Sara asked from behind her hand. Cordelia looked slightly harassed for the first time in Chandra's memory.

‘If you knew just how full my bladder was...’ she replied hotly, then, glancing towards Chandra, opened her mouth to say something else. Chandra could tell from the way her lip curled that it was likely to be some snide remark and already braced for impact, was surprised when none came. Cordelia's face instead wore the look of someone who had met her match. Of course. As far as

Cordelia could tell, they’d both consumed the same large beverage, but unlike her, Chandra was standing there unfazed. If Cordelia's own bladder had been on the verge of bursting, then what of Chandra's?

Such a scenario, needless to say, did not fit with the previously trending narrative and Cordelia made to change the subject as quickly as she could.

‘Anyway, I'm starving... How are we getting to the restaurant?’

Chandra knew it wasn't entirely deserved, but allowed herself the small moment of triumph. In any case, she hated being teased, so deserved or not, she'd be glad for Cordelia to give her a break for five minutes at least.

‘Daddy's meeting us outside,’ Sara advised the next moment, as they filed out into the lobby.

As predicted, Mr Dali met the group a few metres from the exit and escorted them to an intimate little restaurant where Mrs Dali was already waiting.

Intimate and luxurious, it was typical of the sort of establishments Chandra expected Sara's family to frequent, but as they arrived, a smartly dressed young man who appeared to be under a considerable amount of stress came bearing some rather embarrassing news. He addressed Mr Dali directly.

‘Sir, I must apologise. Due to some very ill-timed building work in the neighbouring premises, we've been deprived of the use of some of our lavatory facilities. We've managed to restore water to the men’s, however the ladies’ lavatory remains without water and therefore, out of order until further notice... I completely understand if you wish to cancel your reservation...’

Mr Dali made a face that suggested he wasn't impressed, but before giving an answer to their host, turned to ask the young women present whether they were happy to stay. Knowing his ungovernable wife would ‘bloody well’ use the toilets anyway, he didn't bother asking her and made eye contact with Sara. She instinctively looked at Cordelia, who simply shrugged and said she was fine. Chandra obviously had no problem staying and finally with Zara's consent, Mr Dali let the relieved host know they wouldn't be cancelling. Much more at ease, he led the party towards an exclusive seating area where a finely laid table awaited.

Despite the false start, everything else went splendidly. Sara's parents spared no expense, treating their daughter and her friends and cousin to as many dishes as they liked. They even let them share a bottle or two of champagne between themselves and by the end of the night each one was categorically stuffed. Chandra had put away her fair share and a couple of glasses of bubbly too.

None of that liquid, however was making anything close to an impression on her apparently bottomless bladder and she sat comfortably, wondering how her companions were faring. Cordelia, sitting next to Mateo across the table, had indulged in several fizzy flutes of her own and looked equally as calm, though slightly tipsy. Sara and Zara, despite intentionally holding back, were in very high spirits and watched on, laughing loudly as Mrs Dali, confirming her husband's suspicion, got up from the table to make use of the facilities. Mr

Dali swiftly made to look for their host in order to settle the bill before she ended up making a scene. (The ladies’ toilets were very much still out of order...).

The other girls had unanimously agreed to wait until they got back to the house rather than follow Mrs Dali’s example. Luckily at this point though, none of them was in any real need, however given what was to follow, Chandra would soon be giving thanks to the convenience of her unique predicament. Shortly into the journey to Sara's house, it became clear that the task of holding their collective water all the way home would be more trouble than they'd imagined.

‘Omigod this traffic is horrendous!’ Sara moaned in the back of the cab. ‘It's been almost an hour now!’ Indeed, some forty minutes after leaving the restaurant, she found herself in a sorry state of desperation and was bouncing madly. Zara, who as well as looking like her cousin, apparently shared her physiology, was equally desperate and they both appealed to the driver to stop somewhere so they could get out and find a place to pee.

‘I'm boxed in, love. It'd be too dangerous,’ came his bemused response not a moment later.

Both girls threw themselves back into their seats, complaining loudly about how they were going to pop soon. Cordelia was clearly in the same boat, having drunk more than all of them, but kept much more of a lid on things. Chandra's eyes glanced towards her every now and then, hoping Cordelia's calm facade would soon show signs of cracking. It was unnerving how resilient she was in the face of such pressures and Chandra found herself biting her own lip with anxiety.

Once they finally found their way through the unending stretch of traffic, the driver, who until then had been following Mr and Mrs Dali in the car ahead, gave into his passengers' pleas and turned onto an empty side road. As soon as the vehicle came to a stand, Sara burst out the door with Zara close behind her and it was a good thing her parents' taxi had continued onward, as her father would almost certainly not have approved of his daughter urinating so unabashedly in the middle of the road.

Neither she, nor Zara could find anywhere more secluded, so standing at the rear of the cab and using the space between it and the neighbouring vehicle, as well as each other for cover, took it in turns to squat by the pavement and relieve themselves noisily in the gutter.

The sound of Sara's startlingly penetrating hiss travelled through the open door to Cordelia's ears. She'd decided to stay put, claiming she was too civilised to urinate outdoors, but nevertheless,

Chandra noticed, with a sudden sense of satisfaction, that this unsolicited aural exhibition was apparently doing a lot to make her regret her stance. Cordelia quickly closed her eyes and slid down in her seat, trying her best to ignore what she was also hearing. It was rather awkward for Chandra too, who had on many occasions previously, accompanied her best friend to the toilet, but was all of a sudden acutely aware of the sound she made, as if hearing it for the first time. She saw Mateo making an odd face and realised he must have been considerably embarrassed.

Luckily for them both, neither Sara nor Zara's pee went on for any considerable duration and within a minute, they had returned to the taxi and reclaimed their seats. Sara cheerfully let the driver know he could continue driving and they were all soon on their way again, no longer burdened by their bladders - that is, all except Cordelia.

A quarter of an hour down the road, they hit another traffic jam. A faint anguish swept over her face as the driver let everyone know they were looking at a further forty minute delay. Sara and Zara were annoyed to be stuck in this gridlock, but were still happy enough to pass the time joking amongst themselves. Cordelia however was running out of patience and for the second time that night, made an outburst that betrayed her desperation. She swore loudly at them for ‘being too boisterous’ but it only served to make everybody laugh even harder.

Though Chandra didn't show it, she thoroughly enjoyed seeing Cordelia teased by Sara and her cousin. It was as if she was finally being taken down a peg, although something told her it wouldn't last... They carried on in this semiplayful manner as the taxi inched its way through snail-pace traffic and though she was putting up a brave fight, Cordelia's stiff upper lip soon abandoned her completely as she began rocking worse than she had been in the cinema. Chandra was amazed that she was still holding firm, albeit in a less discreet manner, but when at long last they had negotiated the congestion and were cruising along the final stretch of road, she had to give credit where it was due. Cordelia only had to wait a few moments longer and she'd have pulled off a quite remarkable bit of brinkmanship.

As the cab pulled onto the gravelled drive of Sara's parents' house, Cordelia had already unlocked the door on her side and was preparing to make a dash once it came to a halt. As soon as it did, she shot out and hobble-sprinted to the front door, hammering the bell perhaps a thousand times before Sara's confused father came to let her in. The remaining passengers inside the cab were left in stitches as she barged past him in the doorway and streaked inside.

Even Mr Dali had to laugh when he was filled in on the details. He came over to pay the fare and chat with the driver for a moment while his children, their cousin and friend went inside. As Chandra stepped into the grandly decorated entrance hall of Sara's house, she wondered if Cordelia had managed to make it to the first floor toilet in time. Mateo had gone in ahead of them and had already disappeared somewhere, so she, Sara and Zara headed up towards Sara's bedroom at the end of the landing, just past her brother's bedroom and the bathroom.

To their complete surprise when they rounded the corner, an irate Cordelia was stood, desperately clutching at herself with a look of utter harassment on her face, glaring at the locked bathroom door. It appeared that Mrs Dali had cruelly occupied it seconds before their taxi arrived. Considering that she and her husband shared an en-suite bathroom adjacent to their own bedroom, which they forbade anyone else from using, it was another reminder of her commitment to doing as she ‘bloody well’ liked.

Rather than showing any sympathy towards Cordelia's plight, Sara and Zara burst into yet another fit of giggles. Chandra also watched in amusement, although she was beginning to worry that the girl's bladder might genuinely explode soon.

Fortunately for her, Mrs Dali didn't dawdle and Cordelia's moment finally came. Sara and Zara stood watching as Cordelia crept inside the now vacant bathroom and a few moments later, made it clear that despite the, at times, melodramatic nature of her struggles until now, she had not been acting for a single second.

Nobody moved from behind the bathroom door. All three girls listened to Cordelia frantically pulling her trousers down a few feet away, fighting hard to muffle the sound of their own giggling, so they could hear her pee. And on cue as it hit the water so clearly, they all three burst out laughing. Cordelia's shuddering sigh followed by a steady and continuing cascade was like the beginning of a comedy sketch. Her tickled audience acknowledged this heartily and with the rest of the house relatively silent, the sound rang out loud and clear and seemed to carry like there was no door separating them.

Chandra, who until this evening had never paid so much attention to her companions when using the toilet, felt slightly bashful intruding on Cordelia like this. A quick glance to her left and right told her that Sara and Zara were much less inhibited and were still giggling playfully. Following their lead, she tried to see it as the bit of fun that it surely was; Cordelia would see the funny side of it as well, wouldn't she?

As the curiously robust tinkle stretched on past thirty seconds, Chandra noted how different it was to the sounds she'd heard when their driver had stopped the cab earlier. Unlike Sara's noisy stream which issued from her like an angry cat, it was much less violent and out of control, yet at the same time possessed a strength and confidence that somehow bothered Chandra. She couldn't understand why, but the longer she remained listening at the door and the longer this pee went on without stopping, the more oppressed she felt.

Sara and Zara now stood with their mouths open wide.

‘Oh my gosh!' Sara remarked breathlessly in her typically hyperbolic voice, ‘This has to be the longest pee ever...’

Cordelia was closing in on a minute and showed no sign of slowing down. Chandra couldn't say if it was the longest; unsure if time might have been dilating due to their combined attention, but either way, she didn't think she'd ever heard anyone pee for so long in her life. Something about it was formidable. Who ever thought one could be intimidated by a pee? The smile was rapidly slipping off her face. It wasn't funny anymore. Cordelia hurtled past a minute and kept going; the deep and full bodied sound of her pee assaulting Chandra's ears.

What was this sinking feeling?

‘She's still going!’ squealed Sara, unable to contain her disbelief.

Zara stared at her cousin with eyes like dinner plates while Cordelia peed on and on. Chandra remembered a time when they'd been to the ladies with Cordelia the previous year. She couldn't recall hearing anything at the time, but wondered if she'd gone for so long then as well... Whether she always went for so long... By Chandra's accurate reckoning, Cordelia was now bearing down on a second minute.

Although the stream had lost some strength and was beginning to taper off at this stage, Chandra's face remained thunderstruck. Sara and Zara were repeatedly asking Cordelia if she was finished, as they heard the faint trickle signalling the final stages of a very, very long pee.

It came to an end three or four seconds shy of two minutes and shortly after, Cordelia had flushed the toilet and exited the bathroom with a look of defiance on her face. She seemed to have been steeling herself for the worst and came out fighting.

In response to the laughter she'd heard, Cordelia coolly remarked, ‘That's how grown-ups wee, girls.’

Then, squaring on Chandra, she hissed, ‘And I don't know what you find so funny. At least I managed not to piss myself, Chunderpants.’

The embarrassment was palpable. Chandra's ears burned red hot and she looked down at the carpet, blushing heavily. Zara, who did not know about their escapades in the cemetery, caught on at once and started laughing loudly, which set Sara off and before long they were all laughing at Chandra. Embarrassment quickly turned to hatred.

‘Oh my gosh, you wet yourself?’ Zara asked, her mouth opening like a fish in slow motion and staring at Chandra.

Without even giving her a moment to answer, (though in Chandra's state she wouldn't have been able to anyway) Cordelia jumped in and went on to re-tell the story of 'How Chandra got lost in the cemetery and stumbled out in floods of tears and with her trousers completely soaked.' The sheer amount of embellishment was quite staggering and to Chandra's annoyance it never once occurred to Sara, who had been present, to step in and correct any of the facts.

Cordelia re-told the story seven times that night, each time weaving more and more outrageous lies into the yarn. Unable to understand why and how she had found herself so suddenly in Cordelia's warpath, Chandra endured a torrid rest of the evening at Sara's house. Cordelia had only eventually decided to give it a rest when her audience had grown tired and crashed out on makeshift beds on the floor of Sara's bedroom.

Chandra however, remained awake. Utterly humiliated and her mood ruined, she had long had enough and made the decision to leave while everyone was asleep. She collected her bag and tip-toed out onto the landing, making every effort not to wake anybody. She was able to navigate by the light from Mateo's television, which was leaking through the crack of his bedroom door. Figuring he must have simply fallen asleep without switching it off, Chandra made her way downstairs as quietly as she could. She crossed the hallway to find her shoes and jacket, then let herself out.

It was the second time in two weeks that Chandra had run away from Sara and Cordelia. About two houses down, she began to wonder if she was coming off as a bit of a drama queen, when suddenly, with a jolt of fear, she realised somebody was following her. Fearing the worst, Chandra turned around to find none other than Mateo in his slippers and house coat behind her on the pavement.

'I heard you leaving the house and wondered what was up!' he said, a note of genuine concern in his voice.

Chandra was sure she'd made absolutely no noise on the stairs, or in opening and closing the front door, but replied simply, 'I'm going home..!'

Slightly taken aback by the look of confusion and sadness in Mateo's face when she said this, she pre-empted his second question and opened her mouth to explain why, but suddenly realising that she didn't want yet another person hearing about her accident in the cemetery, she tried to be discreet.

'I... Let's just say I'd be more comfortable at home..!'

Mateo then made another peculiar face, like his eyes had temporarily slipped out of focus and he paused for a moment. Chandra realised for the first time just how odd Sara's brother was sometimes and made to continue on her way home.

‘Please, Chandra. Let me walk you home. I... I couldn't possibly let you make the journey alone-especially at this time of night!’

Though she found his display of chivalry amusing, Chandra didn't mind this at all and let him accompany her the short way back to her house.

On the way, the two got talking and Chandra found herself enjoying the change of conversational pace. She and Mateo had known each other for a number of years through Sara, but this was perhaps the first time they'd exchanged more than a few sentences and Chandra had to admit that it was far from unpleasant. The only slight sticking point came when they eventually arrived at Chandra's house. Mateo made a rather obvious attempt at flattery as they stopped on the front garden path and he looked towards the relatively less grand exterior of her abode.

‘It's really nothing special, Mateo...’ Chandra reassured him, her ears somewhat hot as she rummaged inside her bag for her door key.

Changing tack, Mateo piped up again.

'I er, heard you rowing with Cordelia and my sister before...’

Before Chandra could flinch, he continued.

‘Don't feel down about those two. Sara is a bit of a sheep to be fair... and Cordelia... Well, Cordelia's got nothing on you.’

Mateo had a very serious look on his face when he said these words, though he seemed to regret them, as he suddenly swallowed and looked away. But Chandra was grateful for his attempt to cheer her up.

‘He's right..!' she thought, coming to her senses at last. ‘I really am in a different league to Cordelia..!'

When it came to bladder control at least, she was. Supernatural or not, as long as nobody knew her secret, there was no reason for her to feel inferior to Cordelia or her moronic taunts. Chandra felt empowered and smiled warmly at her chaperone as she finally laid a hand on her key.

It quickly became clear when Chandra inserted the key into the lock, that her mother had evidently dead-bolted the front door before she'd gone to bed. This was likely because she wasn't expecting her daughter back until much later in the day and as she was a particularly deep sleeper, Chandra knew it would prove fruitless to ring the faint doorbell, even if she did so ‘Cordelia-style’.

This turn of events meant that Chandra would have to go all the way back to Sara's house and stay there until the morning. Incidentally, when she explained this to Mateo, Chandra noticed his eyes slip out of focus a second time. Once more she did her best to ignore it.

‘He probably has a nervous tick..!'

In the end, going back wasn't as bad as Chandra had feared. Predictably, Cordelia resumed her tirade of teasing the next morning, but Chandra was no longer bothered.

‘My bladder will have the last laugh!' she thought to herself with a broad inner smile.

