Girls Rule and Boys Drool - Part 1

Author: thatcoolguy11 (2014-02-07)

Jimmy, Tara, Greg, and Elizabeth were two couples who loved pee play. Well the guys did at least. Jimmy was with Tara and Greg with Elizabeth. Jimmy and Greg had become aware of a fetish they shared, which was that they enjoyed it when strong girls with huge bladders could hold for hours on end, building up real gushers. And in this regard, they were lucky. Tara and Elizabeth were renowned in their high school for possessing the biggest bladders of anyone there, perhaps even bigger than the teachers! Jimmy and Greg loved nothing more than to get Tara and Elizabeth out and about, fill them up with drink after drink, and watch their iron-bladdered girlfriends hold it all in without complaint. The girls were fiercely competitive about their bladder strength and would always try to outwait their boyfriends, no matter the circumstances they were placed in. So while they did not know of their boyfriends’ fetishes, they were unwittingly willing to comply with the guys’ desires.

The couples went on double dates often, sometimes multiple times a week, and bladder play took place on nearly every date. On one such occasion the two couples went out to see a movie together. It was the 2 pm matinee, and while in line Jimmy and Greg started discussing their girlfriends’ bladders in low voices, trying to keep anyone else (including Tara and Elizabeth) from hearing their conversation.

“Dude, I’ve been out shopping with Tara since this morning, and she hasn’t taken a pee this entire time. I’ve given her a few bottles of water, plus a big soda at lunch, so she’s gotta be filling up. Hasn’t gone since we woke up at 8!” Jimmy told his partner in crime. “Oh man, Elizabeth hasn’t even had that one today! She’s holding since last night at 10, I swear she’s a camel. And she’s had three big Starbucks coffees to wake up, so she’s gotta be bursting!” Greg replied excitedly. Jimmy pointed to the girls’ bellies, “Look! You can already see their bladders!” It was true, as both girls had developed little paunches that burst over the top buttons of their incredibly tight jeans. Not wanting to be suspicious, the friends went back to their girlfriends and began chatting them up while getting their tickets.

The four of them went to get some snacks before entering the theater, and when Greg purchased a normal-sized bottle of water, Elizabeth made a crack about how he should watch what he drinks to make sure he can make it to the end of the movie without peeing himself. “I know right?” Tara chimed in, “Guys really can’t hold their bladders very well at all.”

“C’mon now, you girls wouldn’t be able to even last the movie if you ordered drinks!” Jimmy challenged. Obviously he knew this to be false, but it put the girls right into his trap. With just a curt nod, Elizabeth went to the counter and placed her order. The guys’ mouths nearly dropped to the floor as they saw her receive a souvenir-sized soda nearly two liters in capacity. No sooner had she ordered it than Tara did the same. “See boys? We’ll see who needs to pee during the movie, and who has enough self-control to actually hold it.” Elizabeth smirked.

Into the movie they went, the girls clutching their monstrous sodas while Greg and Jimmy tried to hide their excitement. They found their seats and Elizabeth immediately began sucking at her straw, drinking as much of the soda as quickly as she could, all the while staring directly at Greg. Tara was busy doing the same with Jimmy, and both ladies’ drinks were half-empty by the time the movie began. Greg and Jimmy shot each other looks of glee at the thought of all that liquid rushing into their girlfriends’ already stretched bladders.

The movie was 2 hours long, and by the halfway point the giant drinks were gone. Greg and Jimmy could barely pay attention to the action onscreen, because they were too busy watching their girls’ ever-expanding waistlines. It was obvious that the drinks were filling the impressive capacities of Elizabeth and Tara, but neither girl looked even slightly uncomfortable. They simply sat and watched the movie, though by the end Tara had a softball-sized lump protruding from her abdomen, while Elizabeth’s looked like she’d swallowed a melon.

At the conclusion of the film, the four teens stood up to leave. Elizabeth gave Greg a wry smile, saying, “See? All that soda and no bathroom break. No problem for a girl.” Tara nodded in agreement, rubbing her abdomen, “Yeah, stretched out but no problem at all! Why don’t you guys just admit we’re the best at holding it?” As they exited the theater, Jimmy came up with a retort, telling the girls, “Yeah, ok, so you lasted through the movie. But me and Greg are gonna hit the bathrooms on the way out, and we bet you’ll have to too. I bet you’ve both been dying for that movie to be over so you could relieve yourselves.” Elizabeth laughed in his face before replying, “Yeah right wimp. You two go ahead and pee up a storm, though I doubt you’re holding enough to do that. Tara and I would be fine with skipping our after-movie pee, isn’t that right Tara?”

“No doubt, no doubt!” the peppy Tara responded, “I’m not even full yet!”

When they went into the bathroom, Greg and Jimmy were beside themselves with excitement. “Oh my God, did you see Tara’s bladder?! She’s gonna pop for sure!” Jimmy gloated, while Greg put in, “Elizabeth may be a supertanker, but that soda sure as heck made a dent in her capacity! She’ll have to go soon without a doubt!” The boys peed, washed their hands, and returned to their awaiting maidens, who were standing next to the ladies room but refusing to enter despite their massive loads of pent up piss. They resumed their journey out of the theater, but as they passed the snack counter, Elizabeth asked Greg, “Care to get me a refill?” She held out her empty cup and Greg had trouble grasping it without his arm shaking. No sooner had he gotten back in line than Jimmy was behind him, also asked to fulfill a similar request for his girl Tara. They shot each other another look. Things were about to get interesting.

The group decided to go clothes shopping at the nearest mall next…well, to be quite honest, Elizabeth and Tara decided that, and the boys just went along with it. It was 5 pm when they reached the mall and began to browse. The girls were greedily draining their sodas, which was only increasing the huge bulges in their abdomens. Jimmy nudged Greg as the girls looked at tops and whispered, “Yo, I think Tara’s getting desperate.” Indeed, the high school girl was fidgeting while holding up a green shirt to her chest. The drinks and the holding were finally taking their toll.

Greg stared closely at Elizabeth. She seemed to be standing stiffer than usual, but otherwise was showing no signs of needing to wee. But her bladder was bulging monstrously over her jeans, pushing them down until they were decidedly low rise in fashion. Elizabeth had also noticed Tara’s fidgeting, and asked her with an annoyed tone, “God Tara, do you have to pee or something? Can’t you hold it?” Tara gave her a slight grimace but replied, “Girls can always hold it, right? Anyway, how are you doing over there, Ms. Megabladder?”

“Oh me?” Elizabeth responded, “Why I barely feel any urge at all.” She took another sip of her drink to prove her point, though the guys were sure that she wouldn’t be able to keep up the facade for much longer. After all, Elizabeth was brimming with 19 hours worth of pee, and her partner in crime was already desperate with only 9 hours of pee in her.

The shopping continued, and by 6 pm there could be no doubt that Tara was getting increasingly desperate to pee. She could hardly keep still and was dancing about while looking at the racks of clothing. Elizabeth was clearly furious with her. “Keep control of yourself, you’re a girl!” she told her friend sternly. But Greg was noticing more and more that Elizabeth was keeping her legs close to each other whenever possible. She was carrying what looked like a bowling ball for a bladder and was having to look at pants three sizes up to find ones that would fit her.

“Your girl’s getting close to popping!” Greg said to Jimmy, who was watching Tara with ever-increasing lust. “God, I wonder if she’s gonna admit it soon enough this time, or if she’ll end up losing it in her pants like last time! I love it when her big bladder reaches its limit!” Jimmy replied excitedly. Tara was currently making a show of looking at shoes, but both guys saw it as an excuse to drop down and sit on her heel to relieve some of the enormous pressure on her sphincter. They turned their attention to Elizabeth, who was standing straight up and looking at blue jeans, and Jimmy had to admit, “Your girl’s still hanging tough, though. She really has a will of iron, huh?”

“And a bladder of steel to boot!” Greg finished for him.

Tara was in the throes of extreme desperation, and by 7 pm there could be no doubt that she was going to wet herself if she didn’t get to a toilet. Taking mercy on his girlfriend, and also feeling quite a need himself, Jimmy suggested they find the mall bathrooms. They all agreed, though Elizabeth made it quite clear that she was only doing this for Jimmy’s benefit. “Don’t expect me to use those filthy loos!” she said defiantly. Tara could hardly speak, such was the strain her bladder was causing her. The four of them walked to the restrooms, and Jimmy popped in immediately. Tara gave the women’s room a longing look and was clearly hesitating, needing the relief despite her girlish pride. Elizabeth watched her closely, and as soon as the poor girl began to hobble in the direction of the inviting toilets, Elizabeth grabbed her arm.

“Just where do you think you’re going?? Girls don’t need to use that in public, remember?” Tara gasped at her, eyes wide with pure desperation, and sputtered, “But…but, Liz, it’s been so long! I haven’t peed since this morning, not even a little! I’ve been so good, but I need it so bad!” Elizabeth just shook her head, “Nope, not a chance girl. You’ve got to show your strength and hold it! I bet you even took a morning pee today! That should be quite enough. I didn’t even have that and you don’t see me running to the bathroom!” Elizabeth began to drag Tara away from the bathrooms, while Tara began to shout, “No, Liz, don’t, no! It’s coming out! Liz, I can’t hold it anymore! Please!”

Her cries went unanswered, and Jimmy came out of the men’s room just in time to see his beautiful girlfriend wet herself all over the mall’s floor. Tara’s stream went on for a solid 2 minutes, and as soon as Elizabeth realized what was happening she let go of the girl and stared icy daggers at her. Once Tara’s puddle had stopped growing, Greg whispered to Jimmy, “11 hours! Nice!” and gave him a fist bump. Jimmy concurred, “Yeah man. We’ll have to do this again soon, but now I gotta take my girl home and give her some loving. She’s earned it.” Greg nodded, and Jimmy quickly went to Tara, scooped the wet girl up in his arms, and carried her out of the mall and back to his car. Jimmy was going to reward her handsomely for pushing herself so hard, even if she wasn’t going to realize the reason for his especially generous lovemaking.

Elizabeth watched them go without showing any outward emotion. She turned her steely glare back on Greg once they were out of sight, and he casually offered, “Did you wanna go? Don’t want another girl having an accident while we’re out.” Elizabeth gave a short laugh, “Hah, very funny. Actually I was expecting to go to dinner. I don’t need a bathroom. I’m a girl who can actually control herself.” Greg nodded, glad that his challenge had worked, and they left to find a good restaurant.

It was 9 pm, and Greg had rarely been so excited. His buxom girlfriend, normally full only of confidence, was now full of something else entirely. Elizabeth had been too proud to refuse two refills of her iced tea with dinner, and now her liters of pee were begging to be let out. Demanding seemed more the right word, as Elizabeth was shaking with desperation. Still, she wasn’t holding herself yet, which was something. Greg couldn’t help but needle her further, “Hey, what’s wrong dear? You’re nearly vibrating in your seat, and you look awful tense! Do you need to pee or something? I bet you do! Gosh, I mean you went last night, do you really need to go again so soon?? It hasn’t even been a full day yet!” Elizabeth shot him a look of pure spite as she responded with gritted teeth, “I…can…hold…it…just…fine…thank…you…very…much.”

“Are you quite sure, love? I wouldn’t want to keep my weak-bladdered girlfriend from her toilet.” Greg pushed on, sure he was hitting a nerve. Elizabeth’s look turned to venom as she told him, “Girls…don’t…pee…in…public. Just…take…me…home.” Greg obliged her, “Of course, mi’ lady, I don’t want you to make a spectacle of yourself in this fine establishment. I guess it is a better plan to get you home, so that you can gain some much needed relief.” Elizabeth was shooting daggers with her eyes, but even she couldn’t deny her desperation any longer. And so they left the restaurant, Greg holding the hand of his pregnant-looking girlfriend as they went.

Greg intentionally chose the slowest route to Elizabeth’s home that he could, just to see if he could break her last bit of resistance. For her part, Elizabeth was holding strong, if only just. Her legs were crossed tightly and her bladder protruded a good six inches from her normally slim waist. Her carefree demeanor was gone, replaced by an iron determination to keep control of her quivering and overworked sphincter. Greg nearly drove off the road a few times because he was staring at her so much. But that was his girl, strong to the end. And at 10 pm sharp they arrived at Elizabeth’s place, exactly 24 hours since she’d last emptied herself.

“Oh God oh God oh God…” the girl moaned as she exited the car, the vestiges of her bladder control hanging by a thread. Greg led her hobbling form up the driveway and to her door. It was clear from her bent knees and clenched fists that Elizabeth, his iron-bladdered girlfriend, was utterly desperate for the toilet. For one final test, Greg hugged her tightly, feeling her oversized bladder compress as she groaned, “Ohhhhhhhhhh!”, but still that amazing sphincter of hers held firm. Greg kissed her and bade her goodnight, and then, with a last flash of inspiration, whispered in her ear, “Bet ya can’t hold it til morning babe.”

And with that, he turned and left, a devilish grin on his face, as his bursting girlfriend contemplated his challenge with double crossed legs and a hand in her crotch. Greg knew she wouldn’t be able to resist his challenge, knew that she wouldn’t be able to last, and knew that it was going to be a fun night of imagining just how much longer Elizabeth could last, bursting at the seams and all.

###

Epilogue

Come on, you didn’t think I’d leave it so up in the air like that, did you? After much desperate contemplation, Elizabeth took up her boyfriend on his challenge. Trying to shower with a bursting bladder and the toilet so close was pure torture, but Elizabeth’s will would not be broken, and she survived without so much as a leak, so it was becoming clearer and clearer that such leaks were inevitable if she didn’t immediately avail herself to the toilet. Alas, she did not heed her body’s needs, exited the bathroom without another glance at the inviting white bowl, and climbed into bed, determined to sleep despite over 24 hours of pee pulsing in her bladder and pressing on her exhausted sphincter. The prideful Elizabeth managed to sleep for a few hours, against all odds, but at 2 am she was awoken by her enormous bladder, pain coursing through her from the extent of the bulge. She was stretched beyond belief, and her sphincter couldn’t hold a second longer.

As she clutched at her crotch to stem the flow, dribbles and squirts began to get past her iron control. She gripped tighter, but it was no use. Her mammoth bladder was finally busting after a 28 hour fight with its load of pee. The squirts of piss became longer and longer in duration, and finally Elizabeth gave a quiet yell of despair and fled to the bathroom. She slammed the door behind her, squatted on that blissful toilet, and unleashed her torrent into it. The feeling of the pee leaving her aching bladder was heavenly, but Elizabeth still had her pride, and that meant more to her than relief. After one minute of peeing, when her bladder felt full but manageable, she cut the flow, rose from the toilet seat, and returned to bed. As she drifted off to sleep, she couldn’t help but look forward to her next date with Greg, and showing him up with her huge, still-filling bladder of steel. Because she was a girl, and a girl could always hold it longer.

