A Day at the Sales

Author: Uncledi, August 1995

It was one of those days that start wrong and keep on going wrong all day. For a start it was the beginning of the Summer Sales, which isn't funny if you work in Oxford Street in any of the big stores, as I did, and to make things worse I was late. When I arrived at the store the queue to get in stretched right round the side of the building past the staff entrance. Fred the doorman let me in and nearly got killed in the press. I had to help him close the door or the sale would have started half an hour early.

Foskett, the manager in my department, looked like thunder when his beady little eyes caught me with their steely glint.

"I'll have a word with you later, Miss!" he hissed. I scuttled off, and hid myself in Gloves and Handbags.

Two minutes before the doors opened, I realised that I desperately wanted to go to the loo. Probably nerves I suppose. The first day of a sale is something any sane person would dread. But Foskett's piggy eyes were on me, and I didn't dare move. The Tannoy crackled, it was time to open the doors. The noise rolled up from the floors below like an incoming tide. Feet thundered and the first skirmishers appeared at the top of the escalators. Within moments I was in the front line. We in Gloves and Handbags fought them off resolutely, but slowly they overwhelmed us, and my need for a pee grew more urgent by the minute. At last I just had to go, Foskett or not.

I abandoned my post and thrust desperately into the milling throng, with the pressure in my bladder making my knickers damp as I leaked hot little dribbles of piss. But my uniform, my black skirt and jumper with the Company name embroidered on the left breast, marked me out as a target for every bargain hunter within sight of me.

"Miss, where's lingerie?"

"How much is this, Miss?"

"Miss, the lift, is it working?"

I felt like Nelson on the poop deck of the Victory. I struggled through as best I could, dodging the snipers with only one thought remaining in my mind, to reach the loos before the dam burst. I could feel my knickers getting very, very wet. A few yards to go!

"Miss Wilmott!"

It was Foskett!

"How dare you leave your position Miss Wilmott!"

I looked up into his steely eyes and shivered. The hot, wet feeling in my pants grew and grew. As I stuttered my excuses I edged away from him. A woman dived between us. I turned and fled and reached the corridor leading to the staff rest room. I scurried, knock-kneed, along the empty passage- way. A shrill and pompous bray stopped me dead in my tracks.

"Miss Wilmott!"

His clicking, military step hurried down the corridor behind me. I turned and pleaded my case again.

"But I've just got to go, Mr. Foskett. I've just got to."

He came up to me and pinned me to the spot with one of his glares. I felt the wetness in my knickers exceed the capacity of the material to hold it. The pee oozed slowly, oh so slowly down my legs as I continued to dribble pee. Suddenly I lost control. The trickle became a flood as I strove with tight-pressed thighs to hold it back.

Foskett seemed to be smiling. I say, seemed to be, because it wasn't something I'd ever believed him capable of. I wiggled helplessly, and Foskett was definitely smiling. The first drops of piss tapped embarrassingly onto the lino tiles at my feet. I turned away and tried to make it to the loos, but found that I couldn't move. Each time I relaxed the pressure of my thighs against each other another scalding stream of piss splurged more vigorously into my soaking wet pants.

I heard Foskett laughing. I wouldn't have believed it possible! Helpless, I hauled up my skirt to save it from getting wet, revealing my, by now, soaking knickers to Mr Foskett. Then I thrust a hand between my legs and hobbled to the blessed haven of the ladies toilet, dribbling wee every painful step of the way.

At last I could let it go. The sound of my pee tinkling in a furious stream into the loo was the most gratifying sound I think I have ever heard. I squatted in blissful relief for a moment or two as the pressure was released from my aching bladder, and then the embarrassing awkwardness of my position came back to me.

Gingerly I wiggled my soaking knickers and tights down and over my feet. Even my shoes were wet. I left the loos to go to the rest room, which was in a separate room. It never occurred to me that Foskett might still be there. I felt such a fool as I came out, with my dripping knickers and tights clutched in my hand. Foskett had been there all the time. He gave me such a start that I dropped my soggy little bundle right at his feet.

I stooped to scoop them up again, feeling the flush in my cheeks. And then, as I straightened up, the huge bulge in Mr. Foskett's trousers hit me in the eye, almost literally! I stood up and just stared. My knees went suddenly weak and I could only gape at the evidence of my boss's erection. All at once I felt incredibly thrilled. I looked at him and he was no longer smiling. He seemed to be on the verge of doing something rather embarrassing in his trousers.

When I'd recovered my composure a little, I pushed open the door of the rest room. Neither of us spoke, but I suppose he must have understood the effect his evident randiness was having on me. It seemed perfectly natural for him to follow me into the rest room. I closed the door and he leaned back against it. The bulge in his trousers mesmerised me. Slowly I unzipped the monstrosity within. Not understanding why I did it, I took the great hot shaft in my hand and stroked it. It trembled under my touch. I touched it with my other hand, my piss-soaked knickers brushing across the glowing head of his rigid cock. He stood there, with a satisfied expression on his face as I stroked him, enfolding his cock with my piss- wet knickers. Before I realised what was going to happen, his prick twitched under my hand and spurted great fat globs of spunk into my bundle of knickers and sopping tights. He heaved a long, quiet sigh and sagged heavily against the door.

I stood back, feeling both awe-struck and tremendously excited. Not knowing what to do next, I went to the sink and rinsed out my knickers and tights. I heard him leave while my back was turned.

I worked for the rest of the day in a state of quivering excitement, which was by no means allayed by me being quite naked under my skirt amidst all those noisy, babbling crowds of shoppers. The image of his huge penis trembling in my hand stayed with me, and realisation gradually came that it must have been the sight of me pissing myself in front of him that had triggered off his uncontrollable excitement. As the end of the day approached, I again felt the urge to pee, not so badly as before however. Then, about five o'clock, Mr. Foskett appeared, as if by magic, at my elbow as I stood serving at my counter. I felt his hand stray teasingly up under my skirt to fondle my thighs and then my bare bottom.

The woman I was serving seemed to notice nothing, and went on gossiping about how very busy the store was today, as if she didn't even know there was a sale on. It was a weird feeling to look her in the eyes and try to answer sensibly while Foskett's hand wandered unseen between my thighs behind the counter. And especially hard as his fingers tickled my clitty and pee hole. I could not control myself and at the same time as serving I let out a little spurt of pee, wetting Mr Foskett's exploring fingers. He whispered in my ear.

"I shall still want to see you, Miss Wilmott. About this morning's lateness."

A finger tweaked at my clitty, causing another spurt of pee. I wriggled helplessly, unable to avoid his intruding hand without giving the game away.

"Don't leave your post. Remain after six o'clock."

"Yes sir," I stuttered, and thought I was going to come there and then as he fondled my pussy. I looked down when he left, shocked at the dark patch on the carpet behind the sales counter. But I daren't leave my post again.

By six o'clock I was exhausted, as much from the unbearable tension which my frustrated excitement had caused me as from the sheer physical effort involved in serving an unending stream of demanding, belligerent customers. The other staff left and it was in a very weary condition that I at last finished clearing up my bit of the counter. Mr. Foskett appeared, as suddenly as before. Without wasting a moment a hand slipped up under my skirt and loitered around my bum, teasing my clitty and reminding me I really needed the loo again. As I stood at the counter he slipped between my legs and started to use his tongue to delightfully tease my little please dome and probe the entrance to my vagina.

Without warning I released a little spurt of urine. I expected him to stop and shout at me, anything but what happened next! In response to my gush of pee he clamped his mouth around my pussy and sucked and probed all the harder. I could feel my excitement mounting as I released yet another spurt of pee. What was happening too me. Standing at my sales counter being tongued to orgasm by my boss as he drank my ever growing stream of piss. Suddenly he stopped and got up. I tried to control myself, but not before at least one spurt of hot piss struck the floor and soaked into the carpet.

"My office," he said. "Now" and he left.

Excitement mounting I stepped into the lift and pressed the button for the sixth floor. He wasn't in his office. I shuffled my feet on the carpet and waited with a mixture of anticipation and apprehension fluttering in my breast. At last he arrived. I looked at him only momentarily, still embarrassed about the morning's disastrous humiliation, despite my excitement and more recent events.

I heard him turn the key in the lock. Then his footsteps approached me from behind as I stood facing the desk, he patted my buttocks paternally, then removed his hand and went round to the far side of the desk. His eyes locked onto mine. Half-hypnotised I listened to his voice, telling me to undress. For some reason it never occurred to me to refuse.

Then I was naked, I could feel myself tremble with excitement. He took my skirt and jumper and laid them on the floor. A crooked finger beckoned me, and then a hand on my shoulder coaxed me to my knees. I knelt on my clothes in front of him. His hand slid open the zip of his trousers and the sight of his fat, half-hard prick sent shivers right down through my loins. Unasked, I reached out to touch it, but he diverted my eager hands.

"Not yet," he said. He reached down and cupped my tits in his hands, pushing them upwards and pressing them together. "Hold them up, like that," he said. I obeyed automatically, awed by the heavy, swinging weight of his cock a few inches from my face.

"Do you know what I'm going to do?" he asked quietly.

I shook my head dumbly.

"Can't you even guess?"

He took his prick in one hand and waggled it gently around. I shook my head again, and stared unblinkingly at the pink end of his penis. A little drop of pale liquid appeared, like dew on a leaf, and then the drop became a quick, short-lived spatter of piss which pattered like so many petals down onto my bare tits, still cupped in my hands and offered meekly up to the warm caress of his first drops of piss.

The shower stopped. I was cringing inside in a sudden agony of thrilling eagerness for it to go on. I looked up into his face. Perhaps my lips parted as if to beg him to continue.

He said, "Yes, yes my sweet," as if half to himself, and then the hot splashing stream began to gush steadily out of the little expanded orifice in the very tip of his prick, deluging me in a warm torrent of amber piss which ran in rivulets over the smooth satin skin of my bare breasts, which I pushed up into the delightful rain. Wayward drops splashed onto my face. I felt tiny droplets of the spray land lightly on my lips like the gentle brushing of butterfly wings and shamelessly I peeped out my tongue and ran it greedily along between my lips, tasting the tang of his beautiful urine on my tongue.

"Open your legs," he whispered.

I parted my thighs and knelt spread- eagled before him, leaning back on my hands and watching the arching stream splash down my tight-stretched belly and then plummet enthrallingly into the tight nest of curls at the base of my tummy. I strained back and pushed my hips as far forward as they would go, and the heavenly rain came stooping down between the very apex of my thighs, impacting deliciously on the tip of my exposed clitty and sending tremors of ecstasy coursing through my body. I squirmed in sheer delight.

The power of his stream wavered and then slackened completely. Desperately I reached up for his cock, which stirred strangely in my hand as I tweaked and milked at it, squeezing the last of the yellow drops from its rapidly reddening tip, and then I knelt up and thrust his swelling prick into my mouth, flicking my tongue frantically around the big rounded glans so as not to lose a drop. I felt the shaft begin to surge powerfully and grow rock hard. My excitement welled up as I realised that he was going to come in my mouth. I shoved my fingers down between the damp lips of my pussy and plucked frenziedly at my fat little pleasure bud. I realised I really needed the loo now after being interrupted.

He shoved powerfully into me, rocking me backwards until I almost overbalanced, and the vibrant eagerness of his prick thrusting between my lips and down into the back of my throat brought me tremblingly to the verge of my climax. My fingers worked fervently between my legs and as I began to come I started to piss myself uncontrollable, soaking the carpet and Mr Foskett's legs and feet. Then his great thick globs of spunk erupted against the back of my throat as he reached the peak of his orgasm. I shivered uncontrollably, and felt myself swept away on a rushing wave of utter delight, as his climax triggered off my own shattering ecstasy.

I lay back, exhausted, as he withdrew his glistening cock, and stared up at him with wide open eyes, shocked more by my own enraptured reactions than by his nerve in making me do the things I had so willingly though mutely agreed to. Slowly we recovered ourselves.

Everything was in an utter confusion. My skirt and jumper lay sodden on the floor soaked by both our piss. I was naked, my body still wet and slippery from my shower. The smell of his piss was faint, yet in my Cloud Nine frame of mind, it had the tang of nectar about it, the succulent juiciness of forbidden fruit. He went off and came back in a few minutes with some clothes he'd obviously 'borrowed' from the store. I dressed, still with the odour of urine fresh upon my body, and he took me home. After that, work was never quite the same again.

