Peeking at Patches

Author: Big Apple (1995'02)

I ordered Patches' video and was very turned on by it. It prompted me to write a little fantasy piece. However, I thought that it might be a little more exciting for the readers to be able to relate to the character in the story. Therefore, I made the main character Patches. I sent her a preview copy to make sure it didn't offend or embarrass her in any way. She said she basically liked it and offered several constructive suggestions which I took to heart.

Also, for anyone who's interested, I posted a short poem called "Moonlit Garden". I was inspired by Susan's poem and Tinker's style of writing from a female perspective to write it myself from a girl's point of view. I would be interested in critiques of the two styles. I found it a very interesting endeavor to write the two pieces in the two different styles.

###

It was a gray Saturday morning. I finished with my errands earlier than I expected, so I decided to drive over to Patches' apartment and surprise her a little early. When I got there, I quietly let myself in and walked through the living room and dining room, however she was not around. I figured she must be in the bedroom so I peeked in, but she wasn't there either. I heard humming coming from the direction of the bathroom. As I approached the sound, I found the bathroom door was slightly open. I decided to indulge my voyeuristic fantasies.

I saw Patches standing in front of the full length mirror. She was wearing her Disney World T-Shirt and a pair of sweat pants. I guess she was getting ready to take a shower because she began to undress. She removed her shirt and sweats. Patches has a very hot body, and I think she knows it. She stood there, in her aqua-blue bra and and cut off blue jeans, and admired her reflection in the mirror. So did I. I felt my cock start to come to life as I continued to peek thru the crack in the bathroom door.

After a few moments, she removed her bra and allowed her firm young breasts to bounce free. It must have been a couple of days since she had gotten herself off. So, as she continued to gaze at herself in the mirror, she started to absently stroke her milky white melons. She began to tweak lightly at her nipples, coaxing them to attention. As her passions rose, she started to knead her breasts more aggressively. With her eyes closed and a demure smile on her face she allowed her fingers to deeply massage her two fleshy mounds. Her hands pawing at her tits was very exciting for me. After several moments of this, she opened her eyes and lifted her left breast to her mouth. She surrounded the purple nipple with her mouth and began to suck passionately. The slurping sounds she made were quite a turn on.

By now my cock had grown quite hard and was straining to be released from my pants. I decided to leave it in a while longer. I had to pee pretty bad and the straining sensation was quite erotic as I used my groin muscles to force more pressure between my dick and my tight blue jeans.

Patches is a very fair minded person and decided it was only right to give her right breast "equal time". As she removed her left tit from her mouth I was a little amazed to see how large her nipple had become. I'd seen her excited before, however from my vantage point, it seemed like her nipple must have been extended by at least an inch, her aureola was a deep purple. I could tell by her soft moans and passionate sucking that she must have been incredibly aroused.

As she continued to hold her tit to her mouth with her right hand, she reached her left hand down inside her cut-off blue jeans. I couldn't see what she was doing in there, however it must have been very exciting as she started to slowly undulate her hips. I watched her hand as it began to move up and down, obviously she was applying friction to her clitoris. She began to bend up and down slowly at her knees. I assumed she had her finger in her cunt was was starting to set her body up with fucking motions. God I wished I could see what was going on in there.

She stopped very suddenly and just stood there quietly, her hand was till jammed inside her shorts. She began to smile and her eyes got very glassy. I had no doubt that she was releasing a portion of her golden pee, allowing it to flow thur her panties and onto her hand. I remembered her "Fantasy Bike Ride" and how much her alter ego enjoyed the feel of her pee coming through her panties and onto his hand.

After a few moments she turned her attention once again to the full length mirror. It seemed like the image in the mirror, of her breast in her mouth and her hand in her pants served to further spark her passion. Mine too. I finally allowed my cock to escape. I stripped off my pants and started stroking my dick as I continued to watch in fascination.

Her hand frigging became more and more intense. Yet somehow she seemd unable to cum. I could see the frustation in her face. She stripped off her shorts and I could see the dark spot on her baby-blue panties. I was right, she *had* peed her pants. I remember being surprised that she hadn't "gone" more. I knew how much she liked to mix pissing with masturbation. She walked over to the door with the mirror. She stood on her tip toes trying desperately to hump the door handle thru her blue panties. Up and down she rubbed, then in and out, trying in apparant vain to achieve satisfaction.

The sight of her firm young ass facing me, with her cunt shoved up to the door handle fucking it wildly was almost more than I could stand. I had been beating my meat continually, but now I had to stop in order to keep myself from cumming. I wanted to continue to enjoy the show for as long as I could.

She finally disengaged herself from the door handle and turned around. I saw some drops dripping down her leg. I couldn't tell if it was her pussy juice or her pee. I was amazed that she hadn't "gotten off" yet. She walked over to the toilet, lifted the lid and stood over the bowl. Ah! I was sure she was getting set to really release her bladder. She reached behind her and pulled out the plunger from behind the bowl. She took the cup end and applied it to the front of her panties as though trying to suck an orgasm out of her frustrated little cunny. In and out she plunged a couple of times. Suddenly she stopped and her panties became drenched. A fountain of piss poured into her panties. I could see them start to sag as they became full of her golden nectar. They quckly became too saturated to hold it and I saw her piss drip thru her panties in several streams and into the bowl. I could see little driblets running down her leg where the pee had escaped past the elastic of her panties.

The sight of Patches hunched over the toilet with rivers of pee dripping through her panties was finally too much for me to stand. I shot a load all over the door and door handle. It was one of the most intense jerk offs I've ever had. As I continued to watch, Patches finally finished peeing. She pulled her panties off and started to rub her clit vigorously. It took almost no time at all for her to climax. And since Patches has a shaved pussy I had a very intimate view of her personal pleasure.

As her orgasm abated she reached into the large clear glass shower and turned on the water. When the water got hot she stepped in and started to wash her hair. I moved closer to the door so that I could see into the shower. With the soap in her hair and her eyes closed she started to wash her self. She soaped up her legs and around her clean shaven pussy. She slid her hand between her outer pussy lips to make sure everything was nice and clean. She continued to lather up her hands real good and stuck a finger up inside her ass. She rubbed her fineger in and out getting her ass good and lubricated.

She then took the soap and began to get her titties good and lathered. The sight of wet soapy tits is one of my biggest turn ons and my cock started to become aroused again. At some point while she was lathering her tits, she dropped the soap. She bent down to pick it up, however with her eyes still closed due to the soap in her hair she wasn't able to find it. The sight of her soapy ass bent over and pointing right at me with her shaved pussy peaking out was the last straw.

I decided it was time to say hello. I walked into the bathroom and stepped into the shower. I rammed my cock up inside her soapy ass. She didn't act at all surprised?! "Hello Big Apple", she said, "Did you enjoy the show"?

A little surprised I replied, "Did you know I was there all along"? I continued to stroke my cock long and deep into and back out of her ass. At the same time I reached around in front of her and began to play with her clit. The tight muscles around my cock were letting me know I was quickly approaching another climax.

"Of course", she answered. "I saw you pull into the parking lot and figured you would come up to surprise me. So I decided I'd surprise you instead. Did you like the part with the door handle and plunger or was it a bit too much"?

"It was fantastic, thanks a lot. Remind me I have to wipe off your bathroom door when we're done, it got a little messy".

As I was still stroking, I told her I was about ready to cum again. She stepped forward quickly, removing my cock from her ass. "Uh Uh, you know the rules. You're not allowed to cum until I get to see you pee". So I tried to calm down a little bit and relax, no easy chore that. Patches knelt in front of me and reached for my cock so that she could direct the spray the way she likes to.

"Your're not helping things", I said, "I'll never pee with you playing with me like that".

"Yes you will. You gotta pee eventually, we've got plenty of time", she retorted. And, sure enough, it took a little while but I eventually started to release. Patches directed the spray up against the sliding door and watched my pee explode onto the glass. She then pointed my now half erect pecker straight up in the air and giggled as she watched the pee come out and form a little fountain. "Boy I wish I could do that", she says, "I think that is *so* cool". I asked her if she wanted to try but she said no, that as a girl it required too many unnatural contortions to get it to flow straight up in the air. As my stream started to slow she directed it to her breasts and asked that I push hard so she could feel the last of my pee caressing her tits. Naturally I obliged.

"Now you can cum" she said. And she proceeded to take my dick in her mouth and give me a warm wonderful blow job.

Hope you all enjoyed reading that as much as I enjoyed writing it. And thanks again to Patches for her approval. 
