The Origins of Infinite Capacity-15

Author: Splashfics

15. A Midnight Snack

Jade's induction into the full moon club had brought a new buzz to Chandra's life. She had, for the first time, bared all in front of the wide eyes of a stranger and she felt strangely calm about it. She would never in a million years have guessed that in under three months she'd have made an intimate bond the likes of which she had never known. But such is life and it felt like the sun was shining into hers again.

When she wasn't going to college and preparing for her A levels, Chandra spent the majority of her free time with Jade, preparing for those special full moon nights. Jade seemed to enjoy every aspect of planning as much as Chandra did, which made it all the more fun and as time went by, she became a kind of special attendant to Chandra, willing to go anywhere and wait any length of time for the sake of her enchanted bladder.

As the moons passed, they found better and more effective ways for Chandra to maximise her output, while ensuring she never put herself in any more dangerous situations.

Should the full moon fall on a weekend, as it did in both February and March, they would make use of the Westmead shopping centre. As Jade had accurately predicted, traffic to the third floor ladies' toilets was typically non-existent and so Chandra could really let her hair down and pee up a storm in a comfortable place without the fear of causing too much of a scene... Although there were always one or two women who would wander in during the maelstrom and leave - well before the mystery occupant of the stall at the end had finished - seriously questioning their sanity... And not to mention the poor cleaner who on more than one occasion was forced to postpone her rounds for the sake of the anonymous lady that just would not stop peeing...

These nights made for the best memories and neither Chandra nor Jade would forget them in a hurry. But like the prolonged pleasure of one of Chandra's pees, all good things must - eventually -come to an end...

That was the last thought on Chandra's mind though. The moment Carmela had informed her of her midweek plans and precisely, the fact that she was going to be out of the house, she knew the fun was only just beginning.

A week after the Easter holidays, which had seen Chandra return home for the first time since moving to West London, she and Jade were again anticipating the full moon. They weren't, at first, entirely certain what they were going to do this time, as memories of their failed January adventure flashed stubbornly in their minds, but with Czar-Czar having a 'knees-up' at hers, it would have been mad of them not to make use of the empty house that Tuesday evening.

Under the guise of wanting to get some studying done, although they were fooling no one - not least Carmela's cultivated eye - Chandra and Jade had hurried home as fast as they could after college.

‘No, Sweetie, I promise you I understand...’ Carmela said gooily as she watched them head upstairs.

Chandra had noticed Carmela using that easygoing tone with her a lot lately, but despite what she thought her aunt intended to imply and despite what the evening had in store, their exams really were only a couple of weeks away and she really did plan on doing at least a little bit of revision before moonrise.

Carmela left the house around sunset, which, according to the clock on Chandra's wall was half past eight. Triumphantly, she and Jade had indeed managed to get some studying done and took a moment to pull their heads out of their books and binders to peer cautiously out the window at the evening sky.

‘Can you see it anywhere?’ Jade asked, her eyes darting between the window and Chandra like she was about to transform any second.

‘No... But it can’t be long now... I always feel all tingly around this time...’

The tingling anticipation at the junction of Chandra's legs had become a precursor of what was to follow. Her senses were so attentively in tune with the moment, that she sometimes feared the 'flood’ had come early...

In due course though, as darkness crept over the skyline, Jade and Chandra spotted, almost simultaneously, the glowing orb rising silently at the bottom of the street. It skimmed over rooftops on its way towards the open sky and long before its face was fully in sight, Chandra found herself well and truly under its intoxicating influence.

She crumpled inwards around the swelling mass of pressure. Her bladder, already large, was filling up rapidly and growing larger and larger by the second. Chandra felt her clothes tighten around her middle and her skin stretching firm and thin.

‘H-How bad is it?’ asked Jade, her breathless voice burning with anticipation.

‘Like... I'm about to take... The biggest pee of my life!’ Chandra panted.

There was no need to prolong the torture. With Jade at her side, Chandra shuffled straight to the bathroom on the second floor of the house. After a short but tense battle to undo her trousers, she lowered herself onto the toilet and without hesitation, unleashed an almighty and unrelenting stream into its depths.

With not a soul other than Jade to overhear her, Chandra finally let herself feel at complete ease and gave in to the promised bliss... Her body tremored and her back arched, stirring up a whirlpool of sound in the bowl below. Her hands ran like wild through her hair and her quaking legs, as they quivered, began to drift apart of their own accord.

But she didn’t care. She didn't care that Jade was standing there in the bathroom staring right at her, unable to tear her eyes away from what she had only previously witnessed in dim light and behind closed doors. She could now truly attest that Chandra was indeed producing all those gallons of pee with her own body and she was, for a long time, struck dumb.

In fact, neither girl uttered a word for over a minute and a half until Chandra, squinting through dopey eyes asked Jade if she was okay. It obviously wasn't the first time she had spaced out like this and Jade blushed, looking at the rug on the floor for a change.

Chandra laughed and put her legs back together. Jade took a seat on the edge of the bath, crossing her own legs and sighed.

'I wish I could feel it too...’ she said with an envious smile, now eyeing Chandra's knees.

‘I've sort of imagined how it feels, but it must be amazing in your position...’

‘Oh gosh, yes...’ replied Chandra dreamily. ‘It's almost unbearable, but in a really nice way, you know?’

'I think I do...’ Jade responded, smouldering with what looked like mock jealousy.

‘Maybe you'll feel it one day,’ Chandra suggested, although how exactly, she didn't know.

‘Perhaps I can bite you or something.’

She snorted at the sudden thought of herself as some preying mythical beast and shrugged at the look Jade gave her the next moment. For a while Chandra's pee clattered on without interruption, then Jade piped up.

‘I mean... I'd be willing to try...’

Chandra looked at her with a bemused expression.

‘What? I can't actually bite you. That would be so mean?

‘I don't mind. If it's you... I'd definitely let you do it.’

‘Are you serious, Jade? Would that even work though...?’

Chandra was only being silly, she hadn't even thought about whether it was possible to transfer her gifts to somebody else, let alone how she might do it.

‘Yeah, I give you my permission. You can try anything on me. Anything at all!’

Jade was undoubtedly serious.

‘Okay...’ Chandra finally agreed after a moment of thought.

She figured it would just be a bit of a lark and tried to laugh it off. In any case, not a lot could bother her while she was on the toilet. As usual, the minutes were stacking up and soon a quarter of an hour became half an hour, before three quarters of an hour and then an entire hour had come and gone. She honestly couldn't blame Jade... It really didn't get better than this...

Even if Carmela wasn't at home, Chandra wouldn't have been surprised if she - and everybody on the entire street - could hear what was going on inside her bathroom. In fact, it felt like the decibels of her ear-splitting pee would eventually reach the ends of the earth.

At the centre of the continuing din, Chandra was always amazed by Jade's ability to so patiently keep her company while she peed. Feeling the ache of a sore bottom, Jade had slid down from the edge of the bath and was now sitting cross-legged on the floor, although she still seemed a bit fidgety...

‘It's been about an hour and a quarter now, Jade. I think I'm nearly finished, but...’

Jade jumped at the sound of Chandra's voice and glanced up at her knees. Somewhere behind them resided the gushing source of noise that still so powerfully filled every inch of the room...

‘Errm, it doesn't sound like it!’ Jade laughed.

Chandra peeked quickly between her legs and found, quite expectedly, a huge stream still blasting out of her.

‘I suppose you can’t argue with that!’

And she popped her knees back together, laughing along with Jade. But then she worried if Carmela might actually come back before she was finished. She was breaking all records tonight and despite the fact that she was bearing down on an hour and twenty minutes, which was well past the time her gears would normally shift down, the end for this pee still felt miles off... Although she could never really tell.

And she needn't have worried at all, for shortly after half past ten, Chandra's almighty relief came to its conclusion.

'I don't think I'll ever get tired of that... I might bring a cushion for the toilet seat next time though, ouch...1

Chandra rubbed her thighs and stretched her back, while Jade rose to her feet and surreptitiously removed some wedged fabric from a very sore place of her own.

With Carmela still out of the house, Chandra and Jade returned to Chandra's bedroom. Chandra immediately threw herself onto her bed and stretched out, still fully immersed in good vibes.

‘You don't have to go home for now do you?’ she asked, staring straight at the ceiling.

‘I sort of fancy a bite to eat. Are you peck... ish?’

Then Chandra suddenly remembered what she'd told Jade in the bathroom and sat up laughing.

‘Oh gosh, do you want to try it now?’

Jade had not forgotten and she tried her best to hide the grin creeping across her face.

'I would be honoured to volunteer as your snack...’ she declared before bursting out laughing.

‘Don’t worry, I'm not going to eat you, Jade,’ Chandra replied, composing herself.

‘H'ookay... How should we do this then?’

Jade sat alongside her on the bed and Chandra straightened her clothes and face.

‘Um... Roll up your sleeve... Maybe we can try your arm?’

Jade did as requested and pulled back the fabric on her blouse, exposing her forearm. They both eyed it pensively for a second or two, before

Jade lifted her elbow and presented the limb to Chandra.

‘Gosh I feel silly!' Chandra laughed, gently grasping Jade's wrist in her left hand and her elbow in the other.

Scrunching up her face, she looked Jade in the eye nervously.

‘I don't want to hurt you, Jade..!'

‘It's okay, Chandra. I promise!' Jade reassured her, her own nerves suppressing all possible caution.

‘Okay then, here goes.. !'

Chandra licked her lips and lowered her head to Jade's arm. Jade stared intensely as Chandra's eyes moved, from hers to the sort skin she held between her hands. As her face neared the surface, she could feel the heat of her breath rebounding on her own skin. She slowly bared her teeth and placed them delicately on the fleshiest part of Jade's arm, suddenly acutely aware of how strange this all was. But she continued to apply pressure with her jaw - a small amount at first and then enough so that she was slightly pinching Jade's skin, the flesh bunching up between her teeth until they met with enough resistance to draw pause. Any further than this would surely break the skin... Chandra hesitated.

‘Go on... You can do it, it's okay?

Again Jade reassured her and summoning all her strength, Chandra mumbled a muffled ‘sorry’ as she finally bit down into Jade's arm. With a gasp, Jade jolted slightly, but did well to maintain most of her composure. Chandra sprung up at once, desperate to apologise.

‘I'm sorry! I'm sorry!! Did I hurt you? Oh gosh...’

Wiping her mouth with a frown, then grabbing Jade's arm to rub it too, Chandra looked and felt like she'd committed a crime.

‘No, I swear I'm fine! Don't worry, Chandra. I promise!’

At Jade's insistence, she calmed down and eventually took her for her word. There wasn't any blood, but anyone could tell from the deep mark that was left, that the area must have been quite sore.

‘Wow... I wonder if it'll work...’

Jade smiled, staring from her rolled up sleeve to Chandra's flustered face. Chandra doubted it had, but was happy if Jade was happy. But then Jade suddenly looked slightly troubled.

‘What's wrong?’ Chandra asked quietly, suspecting that she had met with doubts of her own.

‘I'm just wondering if we're doing this right...’ she said.

Chandra scoffed.

'I mean, I don't think there's an instruction manual or anything.’

‘Well, hang on... Don't vampires usually bite their victims on the neck? The arm sort of seems a bit of a weird place doesn't it?’

‘I am not a vampire, Jade!’ Chandra laughed, hitting her softly on the leg.

‘But... What if, you know?’

Jade's eyes were set. There was a sudden conviction about her, from which Chandra felt herself unable to pull away.

‘It's okay to try. I really don't mind...’

She stared earnestly at Chandra and Chandra stared back.

'I'm not sure, Jade...’ she finally replied.

‘Please...?’ Jade whispered, pulling her blouse away from her neck.

Chandra bit her lip. Surely it was as simple as that, wasn't it? She didn't have to go in too hard and she'd already been given the green light.

‘Gosh...’

Chandra chewed it over a moment longer...

‘O... Okay, I’ll do it.’ she nervously replied.

‘If it hurts though, tell me.’

'I will, of course. Thanks, Chandra...’

Jade shuffled closer as Chandra did the same. Once more Chandra licked her lips and took a deep breath as she contemplated her task. Placing her right palm on the bed, she braced Jade's shoulder with her left and moved in towards her neck. Like before, she felt its warmth against her face and noticed once more the unique scent of Jade's skin. Her teeth again bared, Chandra placed them on Jade's neck, but found there was less flesh for her to grip onto this time.

'I can't get any,’ she mumbled, her lips now resting on Jade's skin.

‘Maybe try and suck some up, then bite it...?’ Jade advised, craning her neck and peeking from the corners of her eyes.

Chandra gently planted her lips on Jade's shoulder and tried as hard as she could to pry enough skin in between her teeth in order to bite. But it was hard and she found it difficult to keep it in place before it slipped back down. Over and over she sucked at Jade's burning neck, trying her hardest to accomplish her given mission but ending up further and further away with each bite. She thought Jade must surely have been in pain by now and expectant of an appeal, Chandra contemplated stopping. But Jade said nothing. Her hand had relinquished its grip on the hair she was holding and let it fall over Chandra's face and Chandra didn't know why despite all this, she didn't stop. On top of everything, it sounded like Jade was having trouble breathing... Had she gone too far? Chandra pulled away suddenly and looked Jade in the eye. Her face was flushed, but nothing about her hinted she was in any sort of pain. Chandra wanted to speak, but was unable to articulate a single word. Jade stared back, in a similar stupor and for the longest time they faced each other, locked in an eternal moment.

‘I thought you said you weren't going to eat me, Chandra?’ Jade finally uttered, her face blank.

The words failed to register until Chandra saw the smile creep over her face. They both giggled for a moment, the tension ebbing temporarily, but the longer they gazed at each other, the harder it was to break away. Once more it began to build and Chandra wondered if Jade's eyes had always looked like that. Suddenly Jade was moving closer, her eyelids dipping and her lips parted. Chandra's heart raced and her body froze, waiting for the unthinkable to happen.

Just then there came a noise from downstairs. Both girls jumped, reappearing all too soon in Chandra's bedroom. From the sounds of it, Carmela was home and they had been on the verge of doing something crazy. Jade blushed harder than she ever had and they shuffled a few inches apart.

‘Ah, your aunt's here. What time is it?’

Jade straightened her hair and looked around the room at anything other than Chandra, who was doing the same. Quickly they both noticed it was past twelve ‘o clock.

‘Maybe I should get going!’

Jade got up and began gathering up her books from the floor, while Chandra stepped out into the hallway to peer anxiously down the stairs. Apart from the third and second floor landing, the ground floor lights were all off and Carmela called upstairs.

‘Sweetie, is that you? Are you still up?’

As she turned on the light in the entrance hall, Carmela looked up to see Chandra standing at the top of the stairs.

‘Yeah, Jade's just coming down now, we... um, got a bit carried away with revision.’

Chandra felt the lie stick in her throat and regretted uttering it the moment it escaped her lips.

‘Is that so, eh?’ Carmela smiled, casually stepping into the kitchen. ‘Goodness, Sweetie, have you even eaten? The things are still out.’

Chandra suddenly remembered that Carmela had left her some casserole and other bits she could heat up in the oven, which were still sitting untouched on the kitchen counter.

‘Oh gosh, I completely forgot!’

That moment, Jade emerged from the bedroom and came down.

‘You two must be famished. Did Chandra not tell you there was food down here?’ Carmela asked Jade, holding back her amusement.

‘Come and have a little bit before you go, are you starting early tomorrow?’

‘Err, no. Around ten I think...’ Jade muttered, glancing at Chandra as they descended the stairs and joined Carmela.

A few moments later they sat side by side at the counter while Carmela turned on the oven. As they waited, Carmela propped herself up on the opposite counter and began chatting about her night. Not two sentences in though, she paused.

‘So that's why you weren't hungry...’

She chuckled and continued as if she hadn't seen anything of note. The smile however remained on her face until both Chandra and Jade had eaten and they got up for Jade to put her shoes on. Chandra, who was having trouble looking at

Jade without her face turning to molten lava, finally looked at her as they stood on the front doormat.

‘Jade, your neck!’ she shrieked, covering her mouth to keep her voice down.

‘It's so red, oh my gosh, I'm sorry!’

Jade craned her neck to try and look, but it wasn't possible from that angle to see the massive, burning love bite billowing out of the collar of her blouse. Stepping in front of the hallway mirror, Jade too gasped and covered her mouth with her hand, but made sure to let Chandra know, for the thousandth time that evening not to worry. She smiled beseechingly and told her it didn't hurt.

'I promised it was okay, didn't I?’

While Jade tried to open the front door, Chandra tried her best to smile too and after a moment, agreed to let it slide.

'Right then, I'd better go before it gets too late. See you tomorrow?’

Chandra nodded and helped Jade with the latch. She stepped out into the darkness and turned momentarily to see Chandra about to say something.

‘Yeah?’ Jade whispered solemnly.

Chandra hesitated, suddenly unsure what she really wanted to say.

‘Um, Goodnight...’ she mumbled awkwardly and Jade smiled and responded in kind.

They parted ways for the night and Chandra closed the front door after watching Jade make the short walk around to her own door.

‘H'oh boy...’ she sighed, with her back against the door frame.

‘Oh... girl,’ she then corrected herself a moment later.

And then, with a note of resignation in her voice.

‘Oh Jade...’
