THE LAKE

Author: William Abbott

Here's another love story, though once again it's about a woman who exists only in my imagination.

Like some others, this story began for me with a visual—in this case, a picture I found online of a woman sitting in a row boat, naked and smiling, with wet hair. I liked her smile in the picture (as well as her body) and I started imagining who she might be, and what it would be like to make love to her. I decided to make her a scientist and to give us a wild love affair... and to have her learn by accident about my secret turn-on.

Kris and I met when I was doing a summer postdoc at a physics lab in Colorado. She was a visiting professor that same summer, and we hit it off as friends from the first day. By the end of the week we were holding hands. Our first kisses were tentative—cautious and chaste—but they grew more passionate each time until by the third week we were making out like teenagers every chance we had to be alone together. Those chances were few and far between, though—the data collection at the beginning of the summer kept us working eighty or ninety hours a week, and the lab was housing us all four to a room in a big cinderblock dorm—but three weeks in, when the first round of data collection was done and we had a few days off, I showed her a flyer for a mid-week rental of cabin by a lake in the mountains, and she said yes.

As we drove from up the lab, I was amazed at how beautiful and how lonely the land was. The GPS guided us to the cabin, standing all by itself on the lakeshore miles from any other landmark. Kris’s first stop when we got out of the car was a little outhouse uphill from the cabin. When she came out a few minutes later, still buckling her belt, she said, “It’s kind of stinky in there. I think I’ll do most of my peeing in the bushes.”

We unloaded the car and then, with arms full of suitcases, pushed open the cabin door. It was just one room inside—kitchen alcove to one end and a big double bed at the other. Only one bed. Kris looked at me and raised an eyebrow when she saw this, a shy and slightly mischievous smile on her lips. We hadn’t yet slept together. For now, we unpacked and made ourselves some lunch and then went for a swim. Skinny dipping, naked together for the first time, we gloried in the freedom. We were shivering as we came out of the water and after toweling off we huddled together for warmth under a comforter on a wicker couch on the porch. We made love there—our first time —out in the open, with the low afternoon sun warming our naked bodies. That night was our second time, in the big lumpy bed with the sound of crickets loud and vigorous all around outside our windows.

The next day we found an aluminum canoe and carried it down to the dock. There was an island out in the middle of the lake and we decided to try paddling out to it. We packed a picnic lunch and towels, and contraceptives of course... and our clothes, neatly folded and out of the way. It might be good to have them along if we encountered any other people, but with just the two of us surrounded by so much beauty, it seemed like a sacrilege not to go naked.

I paddled for the first twenty minutes, until we realized the island was a bit further out than it looked and Kris offered to spell me. Switching places was awkward. The canoe rocked from side to side as we moved about, threatening to capsize. I took the bench at the bow and she settled herself amidships, but she didn’t start paddling right away. She looked out over my shoulder at the island, still some distance away, biting her lip.

“Something wrong?” I asked.

“No,” she said, dipping the paddle into the water. “I just really need to pee.”

Oh dear. We were naked—I was naked— which meant there was no hiding how my cock began to stir with interest. I tried to sound casual. “Do you want to, I don’t know, go over the side?”

She blushed and laughed. “Way too tippy,” she said. “Ifit gets really bad, I might try to...” She turned again to inspect the stern, where a little triangular seat was tucked under the angle. She shook her head. “I can wait.” She pulled against the oars, putting her back into the rowing.

We were quiet for a while, and then started talking about other things. The island gradually drew nearer and my cock subsided, still swollen but no longer stiff. The lake around us and the mountains in the distance were breathtaking, but what I most enjoyed looking at was Kris. I was in the front of the canoe, facing her. Strawberry blond hair fell in tight curls around her shoulders and the hair between her legs was pale and wispy. She had a boyish figure with small breasts, though the cool breeze over the water made her nipples stand out. She was strong, with good muscle definition in her shoulders and arms as she rowed.

She noticed me staring. “What are you looking at?” she asked.

“You,” I said. “You’re really beautiful.”

She smiled.

“You still OK paddling?” I asked. “I could take over again.”

“Sure.” She shipped the oars and we repeated the awkward dance of switching places. Before sitting down at the bow, she stopped to look closely at it. I’m sure she was thinking about hanging her butt over the end, but it would have been a precarious operation. I couldn’t picture exactly how she’d do it. Neither could she, I guess. Instead she turned and sat on the bench, facing me again. “Oh man,” she said, “I drank way too much coffee this morning.” She sat with her legs together, hands between her thighs. “Go fast.”

My cock was bobbing its head up again as

I started paddling. The island was less than a quarter of a mile away now. I closed the distance in five or ten minutes, but when we reached it, the shoreline was a twenty-foot cliff with a few huge boulders lying here and there, half-submerged. No place to climb out, or even to secure a line. Kris looked concerned, sitting with her legs crossed.

“What do you think?” I said. “Right or left?”

She inspected the cliff in each direction, then pointed. “That way,” she said. As I pushed with one oar to turn the boat, she started rocking back and forth on her seat. “I have to go so bad.” Her face scrunched with embarrassment as she looked at me. “I am seriously about to spring a leak and piss all over the inside of the canoe if we don’t find a place to land.”

My cock was standing at full attention as I took us parallel to the shore. She didn’t seem to notice, or if she did, she didn’t see anything unusual in it. About a third of the way around the island, the cliffs angled down to meet the water with pine trees growing almost down to the edge. We rounded one last jutting outcrop and there beyond it was a tiny cove with a pebble beach about twenty feet wide. I turned toward it and paddled hard.

Kris was knocking her knees now, with a hand down cupping her crotch. When she noticed me watching her, she gave a pained smile, her face turning pink again. “I’m sorry,” she said. “This is stupid.”

“Hey, no. It’s OK.”

“I’m such a dork.” She crossed her legs, willing herself to sit still.

“Don’t worry about it. It’s fine.” The little guy was drooling against my inner thigh. Kris’s eyes were closed, her attention focused inward. Even trying hard to sit still, her hips squirmed a bit.

A moment later, I heard the crunching of the pebble beach against the bottom of the canoe.

Kris tried to stand but it still wobbled crazily. She sat down again while I climbed over the side and waded to the bow to pull us further up onto the shore. The shallow water was cool enough to raise goose bumps all over my body, and when Kris stepped out into the water she had to cross her legs and double over to keep from peeing right there. She was hissing through gritted teeth as we splashed up onto the shore together, hand in hand.

She looked all around, hopping from foot to foot and appraising the trees and rocks for the cover they might provide.

I didn’t want her to hide. “Just go,” I told her.

“Hm?” She looked at me, her brow furrowed.

“Just let it go. It’s OK.”

“It’s kind of rude. You won’t mind?”

I looked down at myself and gestured toward my rigid cock, pointing straight at her. “I seriously won’t mind.”

She glanced down, then up. “Are you... what? You mean you want to watch?”

Now it was my turn to look sheepish.

“You’re, like, into this?” She was bobbing up and down, holding it.

I nodded, smiling shyly.

“Huh.” She looked at me, mystified, but then she shrugged. “OK,” she said. She glanced around one more time and then planted her feet wide apart on the pebbles. She closed her eyes. A few seconds passed like that and then she laughed again with embarrassment. “I can’t do this!”

“Yes you can,” I told her. It was the voice I used when telling an undergrad that a calculus problem was much easier than it looked.

“OK.” She wiggled her hips, obviously bursting. “I have to pretend you’re not looking at me.” She closed her eyes again and parted her knees a little more and stood there. I watched her face as her attention turned inward. She was centering, relaxing. Her jaw went slack. A minute or more must have passed until finally one quick spurt came out, making a little splashing sound on the pebbles at her feet. Then another little dribbling squirt, only this time it gained in strength until it was a strong, steady stream pouring from between her legs. It went on for a very long time; she hadn’t been kidding when she’d said she had to go really bad. She opened her eyes once she was going strong, to see me gazing at her. I was staring in wonder at her pee, smiling like a little boy with an ice cream cone. She looked at me as if trying to work out a puzzle, her face showing equal parts bewilderment and delight.

I watched and watched until at last her waterfall thinned and weakened, ending with a few last drips. She tipped her head to one side, still looking baffled. “So you really liked that?”

“Yeah,” I said. “Oh yeah.”

“Wow.” She took a step towards me, put her arms around my waist and kissed me lightly. Then she took my hand. “Come on,” she said. “I need to rinse off, and we should get lunch out of the boat.” As we waded out into the water again, she let go my hand and held my cock instead, leading me along.

That afternoon was the third time we made love, lying on the soft moss that covered one of the bluffs overlooking the lake, and after she chugged her whole water bottle and half of mine, it was the second time she let me watch her pee.

We did a lot more of both that summer.

