A Bus that Runs on Pee Ep. 04
	Nick is granted a brief moment of relief.
Author: Nowthisisunbelievable_123 (2017-05-26)

"Time's up!" echoed the Relief Officer. All this while, she had been timing Nick's permitted duration of relief on her stopwatch. A mere ten minutes. Sadly, that never gave him any relief. All what happened during those ten minutes is build up. A strong buildup of pressure waves in his bladder. Truth was that... he had to pee worse than before!

As she leaned over, replaced and locked the latching device over his bloated crotch, she noted the frantic look on his face - almost as if he were begging her for more time. "I'm sorry Nick. I really wish that I could grant you more time. Maybe even a little leak to relieve that pressure. But unfortunately, rules don't permit me to do so."

Nick's cock and bladder ached with the tremendous need for release as the latching device locked over his fullness. His pee organ and urinary bladder throbbed violently in an attempt to push out the contents. But he held it with all his might, doing all what he could to keep it in - leaning forward, rocking back and forth, jiggling his legs, fanning his legs, bouncing on his seat, edging. None of this helped. There was only one solution - let it all out!

The woman eyed the bulge in his pants as it contracted and popped out rhythmically. "It's only for a couple of hours more Nick. After that, you can pee to your heart's desire."

"I won't last that long," he breathed through the thin sheen of sweat on his face.

"You can do it Nick. You have to."

All the while, Nick struggled to drive. He was having a tough time trying to concentrate on the traffic. There were all the chances of an accident. He was bursting. Beyond words. And all what we wanted was to take that piss. All of a sudden, the money didn't matter. It was what made him sign up for this job in the first place. He was ready to lose it all. His job. His money. Anything for that long and hard blissful piss in the toilet. But then he remembered, he doesn't get to take that. After his shift, he had to report to his manager without fail. With his painfully full bladder! That gruelling meeting usually took around thirty minutes. He would be edging on his seat... dying for that piss... waiting desperately for it to get over so that he could empty his contents into a special cup in the manager's room. This cup was connected to a device that measured the authenticity of the fluids poured into it.

It could calculate when this urine started to form in the body, since when it had been stored in the bladder and the amount of urine that had been lost through spurting, leaking or cheating. Based on this information, the device would display the percentage of authenticity, desperation endured in the day and fullness level of the bladder. This was what determined his pay for the day. Or even his cut for the day or week! Which was how it turned out most of the time. Not many could manage to get their hands on that handsome pay every time. Most of the senior drivers do though! Through time and training, they had learnt to control their bladders and hold it all in. They are the ones who always manages to pick up that hefty pay plus bonuses.

The younger drivers like Nick were still learning. The level of control over their bladders were just not good enough. Halfway through the job, most of them would finally figure out that this was all a bad idea. The dream of pocketing that huge pay would seem like a distant dream and they would try to quit their jobs. But that's where the catch is! While joining, they had signed an agreement which clearly states that... "any employee of Eco Express who wishes to resign from his duties would be required to undergo the resignation formality. This is a 24 hour extensive procedure in which the employee would be required to take in plenty of fluids every ten to fifteen minutes. There would be zero bathroom breaks. On successful completion of this procedure, the employee would be credited to his bank account with an additional $100,000.00".

But of course, none of them could complete this procedure. It was simply not possible with the amount of fluids they had to consume and the limited breaks. The next clause states that "if the employee fails to complete the procedure, he would be (i) required to pay $100,000.00 in damages to the company and (ii) resume duties without pay, or until all dues are cleared."

Meanwhile, Nick had shot a long spurt of piss into his pants.

"Oh no Nick. You're going to get into trouble," the Relief Officer warned.

"I'm trying," he said, shaking. "I'm just not able to hold it in anymore."

The bus began to stall, shifting in between neck breaking acceleration and to a point where it almost shuts down. Nick could neither control the bus nor his bladder.

"Hang on," said the Relief Officer and pointed a device to his trembling cock. It looked like one of those electronic thermometers.

The device displayed a number in digital red - 115%

She looked at her watch and then to the street before them. "You've got four more hours left. Do you think that you can wait till then?"

She slowly turned her gaze to him and finds him bouncing on the edge of his seat in utter desperation. "Your bladder is a 115% full. You're holding good."

That made him more desperate - knowing how full he was!

The Relief Officer paused as a loud trickle caught her attention. When the beeper started to sound its alarm, it all became clear. Nick was pissing his pants.

"Oh no you don't!" She leapt forward and pointed the desperation meter at his crotch. The latching device tightened its hold over his swollen dick, thereby shutting down the involuntary flow of urine.

Nick, crippled by desperation, curled into himself. His stomach cramped terribly as the piss got locked in. "Please, stop," he begged.

"Hold it in, you can do it," she encouraged.

"Please, my bladder's bursting, I'm hurting badly... please..."

She sighed and pointed the desperation meter at his crotch once again. When she did, the latching device throbbed over his erection. It slid up and down his cock, simulating a "hold it - jerking."

Nick groaned and hissed as the device gave him a sense of growing pleasure over his utter desperation.

She pointed the meter at his crotch again. This time, the reading displayed 85%.

Meanwhile, Nick was still having a tough time driving. The latching devices' sliding action over his cock speeded up, giving him the feeling of approaching orgasm.

"I'm about to cum... anytime." he announced through a tortured groan.

"Well, we don't have to go that far," saying this, she restored the latching device to its normal functions. "The only purpose of this action is to give you relief. To help you hold longer. Cumming is not part of this exercise."

Nick wasn't too happy at this. He was enjoying it and wanted to cum. He tried to fan his legs in an attempt to relieve that growing feeling. Growing. He looked down and realized that his cock had grown to its full length. A good 8 inches. A length that he had never achieved before.

"That's one big boner," said the Relief Officer quietly. "You're going to have to reward me well tonight."

