A Desperate Camping Trip

Copyright © 2021, Melody Alexi

This erotic little story includes: female pee desperation and desperate wetting. Only keep reading if this is exciting to you! 18+ readers only.

Chapter 1

I was so completely dreading squatting to pee in the woods. I’d already guzzled a whole halfgallon of water to cope with the summertime misery and now I was squirming in discomfort.

Marley looked like she was in paradise, putting the finishing touches on our camping kingdom and getting the fire started for dinner.

“Doritos are my favorite kindling/’ she said, with a big grin.

I wished I could just relax and play along but I was a suburban girl to my core, and I was only here because somehow, someway, Marley had talked me into it.

I’d gotten her to come with me to a teacher’s conference and she’d agreed only on the condition that I went camping with her.

Marley definitely got the better end of the deal. The conference had complimentary coffee and air conditioning and toilets.

“I can’t believe you’ve never been camping before, Katie!” Marley said, putting together a pile of kindling tidbits.

“Yeah,” I said blandly, feeling like I should help, but unsure what to do with my hands. I glanced stealthily around, wondering where the best spot to pee would be. “I just had it so good indoors it never occurred to me.”

“Oh come on, don’t tell me this isn't beautiful.”

It was beautiful, in a lacking-bathrooms and surplus-of-bugs kind of way. A terrible thought struck me.

“Are there bears out here?”

“Outside is generally where they live, yes.”

“They definitely don’t live outside my apartment.”

“Katie” She gave me her look that said loosen up. I usually got that look in bars when I was stressing out about how many of us could fit into an uber, or on planning days when I couldn’t pack the amount of curriculum into the appropriate time period, but the look was a whole new level of threatening out here in the wild.

I sighed and admitted my need. “I guess I’m gonna go pee in the open air.”

Marley nodded enthusiastically. “It’s a liberating experience.”

“Yeah. I’ll bet.”

I fished toilet paper out of one of our bins and a second terrible thought struck me. What happened when I needed to pee in the middle of the night? The way I was guzzling water, I would definitely need to pee in the middle of the night.

I'd just have to deprive myself and die of dehydration first.

I shuffled off, Marley happily lighting up her highly flammable Doritos.

I wondered if bears would eat me out in the trees and if that would even be that bad, honestly.

Luckily, I'd Googled how to pee in the woods before we left the city because there was no reception out here. Every blog post was very concerned about you peeing at least 200 feet from water or campsites to avoid killing everybody with your liquids, and every single one was so worried about 200 feet that they glossed over practical tips, like how to actually do the thing.

I stared at the grass and sighed.

“Fun,” I repeated to myself, unzipping my shorts. “People do this for fun.”

And I shimmied my shorts down and pulled myself together before squatting. I kept a wary eye out for hikers or other carnivores.

I waited a million years for the trickle to come, hating every second of feeling exposed in the open air.

Finally, I peed and tried not to groan at how stupid and unnecessary this all was.

I was not going to eat anything because I was not, absolutely not, going to be shitting in these woods.

I wiped very stiffly and thoroughly and stood, trying to console myself that there were worse things. I couldn’t think of any at that moment, but I was sure there were.

When I got back to our campsite the look on my face gave away how much I was enjoying this indignity.

“Katie,” Marley said firmly. “Stop being so goddamn dramatic.”

“I didn’t say anything.”

“Go get the wings and the barbecue sauce.”

I sighed like I’d just been asked to hunt for game and forage for wild sauces and returned in a couple of seconds.

Marley got the skillet arranged over the fire and dumped the whole bottle of barbecue sauce in with the wings.

“Now we let it bubble for an hour.”

“How quaint.”

“These will be the best wings you've ever had.”

And it turned out they were, and despite myself, I did eat a good amount of them and drink a good amount of water to compensate for how spicy they were.

And I did have a little fun, giggling over stories about our colleagues and students while eating wings and swigging whiskey-and-coke.

“Is this not the best bourbon you’ve ever had?” Marley pried.

“It’s pretty good,” I admitted.

"And the wings?"

“Okay, they’re pretty good too.”

“And the glorious night air?”

“The mosquitoes are like shiny little birds in the firelight. It’s so beautiful.”

“I’ll sell you on this. I swear.”

With everything cleaned up and secured against wild animals, we climbed into the tent.

I fought a groan with everything in me as I sank into my pink sleeping bag on the hard ground. I’d need a chiropractor visit after this.

But Marley hopped into her bag like she was in for the best sleep of her life.

“I have a couple of giant bottles here if you need to pee in the middle of the night. I don’t personally like going out.”

“Um, I will not be peeing in front of you. Or into a Gatorade bottle.”

“Suit yourself,” Marley laughed, huddling up cozy in her sleeping bag.

I tried not to grumble to myself. I’d always been shy about bodily functions and I knew from the hotels we’d shared at conferences and the time or two she’d crashed on my couch that Marley was a light sleeper. I knew she’d wake up and judge me if I crept out to pee. So I just resolved not to pee.

I rolled over and tried to force myself to sleep.

The night dragged on and I fell into brief sleep only to be awoken by the sound of shuffling in the night. In the moonlight, I saw the outline of a possum slink by our tent. Glorious. Such beautiful nature.

I flipped over in my bag and wriggled to get comfortable, and realized that of course, I needed to pee.

Of course.

Damn it.

Shit.

What did I expect?

I started to, as quietly as I could, unzip my bag. Marley’s soft breathing continued so I quietly squirmed out and got to my feet.

Once I stood I realized my bladder was really full. How far was 200 feet anyway? I’d just have to eyeball it once I was out of the tent.

I quietly, slowly, painfully slowly, unzipped the tent.

And that’s when I saw the bear.

Chapter 2

A small, hot squirt of pee escaped into my panties right then and I gasped. My bladder was really, really full.

The black bear seemed to be ambling away from our campsite but I zipped the tent flap shut and dove back into my sleeping bag, thinking bitterly that I was just making myself into a bearburrito as I zipped myself back into it.

Marley stirred a little.

“That was a short-lived pee trip,” she murmured.

I hissed so quietly I could barely hear myself.

“There’s a bear out there.”

Marley didn’t react strongly one way or the other. “There are very few cases of bear attacks on tents.”

“Few?! Then it’s happened before?”

Marley shut her eyes like she was just going to go back to sleep and whispered, “We washed everything, we put everything away, and there should be nothing interesting to keep them here. And I have bear spray if we need it.”

“Is that like spray-cheese but for bears?”

“Katie. Just stay quiet and wait for it to wander off. You didn’t bring anything smelly in here did you?”

Her eyes opened suddenly then and narrowed suspiciously. “Did you?”

“No, I'm not that stupid!”

“Okay. Then we’re safe. Stay quiet. And try to go to sleep. Good night.”

And Marley wriggled in to get comfortable.

I listened breathlessly to the night. Of course, what I hadn’t told Marley was that my pussy was bursting with need-to-pee.

I wriggled in my bag, trying to get into a comfortable position that didn’t put pressure on my bladder, and ever-so-slightly ground my privates into my panties like it might stop the pressure. It only made me terribly aware of how hot I was between my legs from the stress.

Marley was right, the sooner I went to sleep, the sooner it would be morning, the sooner I could pee, and the sooner we’d be out of this bear den.

I shut my eyes tightly and tried to ignore how loud my own breathing sounded.

I tried not to think about the tightness in my crotch and settled in to pretend I could sleep.

At first, it seemed like my plan to put off the inevitable might just work.

The night was quiet again, and I’d never admit this to Marley, but the bag was oddly comfy. I even started to drift off.

But, unfortunately, just as I was sinking into a blissful black sleep, my brain woke me up with strong wake-up, time to pee messages.

I jolted awake and shivered at the terrible almost-peeing sensation that washed over me. My panties felt damp at the crotch and I tentatively squeezed my legs together, but that only made me throb more.

Wide awake now, I chanted to myself that the bear was long gone by now, it had to be. I could wriggle quietly out of my pink cocoon and sneak into the night. I inched out of the bag, quivering, head to toe.

I would scream my head off if I saw even a possum, I just knew it, and Katie would come to save the day, and find me crouched and pissing. If the possums didn’t get me first...

But it sounded better than the alternative of pissing my pants so I crept for the tent flap.

“Katie!” A hiss pierced the darkness. Darn. Marley was up too.

She said it very quietly, almost threateningly. “Stop rustling around.”

That’s when I looked at the wall of the tent —and just barely bit back a scream. The hulking shadow of a bear was visible in the moonlight, snuffling casually right beside our tent.

I clenched my legs together and shuddered.

Hell, hell, hell, hell, I should never have agreed to this bullshit.

I froze at a sensation that could have been sweat between my legs, or could have been urine, and pressed my thighs tighter together. Then, I felt a horrible hot blossoming in the crotch of my panties and almost started to panic, my breath hitching and my knees trembling. The little squirt stopped coming, but it was enough for me to know that I was in serious trouble.

A full flood of pee could seep out of me any second now, and the terror of being eaten by a bear didn't help.

We waited in breathless silence, me standing there, Marley trying not to breathe, both of us watching the hulking shadow. I prayed every second that piss wouldn’t start trickling down my legs. Finally, the bear moved on. We could see his shadow receding and then we couldn’t see it at all.

I shrank to my knees on my sleeping bag, still shaking, and a tear streamed down my face from the sheer strain of trying to keep it all in. I wiped the tear away and Marley noticed. She turned to me—wriggling a little bit too close in her sleeping bag. I didn’t want her anywhere near me.

“Oh Katie, it’s okay. I’m sorry, I didn’t think there’d be so many bears around.” I felt a little comforted that she at least wasn’t writing off my fears anymore.

“It’s nothing,” I tried to squirm away from her and got stiffly back into my sleeping bag, tugging it back over me. Concealed underneath it, I slid one hand down and clamped it shamelessly over my crotch, trying to alleviate the pressure in a way that Marley couldn’t see.

We were silent for what felt like hours, straining to see if we could hear any more animal activity.

My hand was trembling against my needy bladder, and I winced as the whole area clenched and sent panic signals to my brain.

“Do you think it’s safe?” I ventured, hoping my trembling voice didn’t give me away.

“I think so.”

“Safe enough for me to go outside?”

“Go outside! Why would you want to go outside?”

I was going to have to admit it to her. My cheeks were flaming hot and red.

“I still really have to pee,” I whimpered.

“I still have the bottle.”

“No,” I moaned. “No, I can’t do it. I can’t pee in front of you and I can’t pee in a bottle.”

I could feel her exasperation, but I didn’t care. “Come on Katie. You can’t just hold it all night.”

If the bottle was the alternative. “Maybe I can.”

“Katie,” she said it like she was scolding a child. Then we heard some more snuffling and both instantly silenced.

I squeezed myself through my pants and felt the urgent throbbing increase. Panicking, I slid my hand into my pants and clamped down through my panties, applying pressure desperately.

I was damp down there.

Marley was 100% right, I couldn't hold it, but I couldn’t, for the life of me, pee in the bottle. Embarrassment, shyness, feeling sick of indignities, not wanting Marley to see me that way, whatever it was, I just couldn’t do it.

But the damp heat between my legs was growing.

And then I felt a hot squirt I had absolutely no control over. I stiffened in shock to feel the damp patch against my hand spread and grow, and then just barely stop. I bit back a groan.

When the snuffling grew distant, and then finally disappeared, Marley hissed so quietly I barely heard her. “Katie, you’re suffering. Just pee in the bottle.”

“No,” I hissed back.

“I’m coming to you with it.”

I recoiled. “No, stay away”

But she wasn't listening to me. She grabbed the bottle, quietly inched over to my sleeping bag, and pushed the bottle in through the half-zipped opening.

Then something caught her attention and she froze.

And she lowered herself very quietly onto the ground next to me and just laid there. I slowly turned my head to see yet another shadow outside the tent.

“I hate you,” I mouthed.

She bit her lip like she was trying not to nervously laugh.

We lay in the quiet for another eternity while

I squeezed myself through my panties and held back tears.

I removed my hand for a second, wondering if the pressure was actually making everything worse.

It was a mistake.

Another tiny trickle escaped me, only this time the tiny rivulet escaped my panties and ran down my thigh.

My hand shot back down and I fastened it tightly over my vulva.

Marley finally turned towards me. “Here. I’ll help you.”

“No, you will not."

“Turn over slowly and I’ll help you position the bottle.”

“No, you will freaking not!"

There was grunting outside and she froze in place again.

When the grunting grew distant Marley hissed, “Damn it, Katie, you’re going to have to cave eventually, let’s just do it now.”

“Just give me space to breathe. Don’t come near me.”

She glared but didn’t make a move to come any closer.

We didn’t speak for a while, my muscles quivering. Maybe I would be okay. It was almost peaceful with the crickets and the other night bugs singing their heads off. Maybe I could just make myself drift back to sleep.

Then suddenly, another spurt escaped me, a longer spurt. It filled the crotch of my panties and followed the first tiny rivulet down my thigh, stopping only just before becoming a stream. I couldn’t help a soft little sob.

“Listen,” Katie said. “The alternative is pissing in your sleeping bag.”

I was afraid if I even breathed too hard I’d lose my tight hold. I didn’t even know if I could sit up to pee in the bottle.

“Oh God,” I moaned softly. "Oh, Marley..."

“Sit up. We’re getting your pants off.”

And finally, I obeyed, feeling like a child. I lifted my sleeping bag off of me and turned carefully over, every limb shaking.

“I’m going to help pull them off,” Marley said.

I moaned but I nodded, cheeks flaming with embarrassment.

She gingerly tugged my pants to my ankles and whispered, “And your panties.”

I couldn’t believe this was happening to me.

I bit my lip and forced myself to nod again.

And then we heard more rustling and grunting outside, this time terribly close.

Chapter 3

We both collapsed onto my sleeping bag, me onto my stomach this time, and I just barely managed not to scream. My tight hold on my pee hole was slipping. I didn’t care that Marley was right next to me, I jammed my fingers against my crotch like I could stop what was coming.

Whatever creature was out there grunted and sniffed, louder than anything we’d heard before, and I tried again not to cry.

And now, worst of all, Marley was right next to me, on the same sleeping bag I was on.

I couldn’t piss the bag now, not with her right up against me.

But I was just on the very edge of my ability to hold back.

I wept silently, and sensing my terror and my horror, Marley again turned towards me with the bottle.

But I shook my head, too petrified to move now.

She put a hand on me and I shrugged it off because I couldn't stand a single second of distraction. My heart was pounding in my ears.

No, no, no, no...

Some piss started seeping out, filling up the crotch of my panties and spreading against my hand. The fabric between my legs was sagging with wetness now.

I was going to wet my sleeping bag with Marley right next to me and I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.

But I was losing control. I was going to embarrass myself in the most awful way I could imagine and Marley was going to be right here for it. Maybe she would even be able to feel the hot piss spreading on the sleeping bag.

Fuck, fuck, fuck this couldn’t be happening to me, it couldn’t.

She whispered, so faintly I almost didn’t hear, “Katie. You have to. You’re not going to make it any longer.”

I blinked back tears and stayed stubbornly on my stomach, fastened to the floor, my hand still shamelessly pressed beneath me.

She pushed the bottle against my side firmly and left it there.

So my fate was in my hands now.

I buried my face in my pillow for a long moment to smother my sobs and swallow back my screams.

But oh God, it was happening. My pussy quivered and another trickle filled my already- wet panties.

I had to do it.

I grabbed the bottle and inched just barely off the ground to take my panties off—but it was too late.

“Oh, God,” I gasped. It was way too late.

Unchecked by my hand, the piss shot through me like a bullet. One hot spray shot through my panties and audibly landed on the sleeping bag, making my face flame with embarrassment.

And it was followed by another trickle that ran in a stream down my thigh.

I was losing control.

It was happening.

I was wetting myself.

“I... can’t... Marley... I’m so sorry, it’s coming...”

And I choked back a sob and shrank to my stomach because there was no stopping what had already started.

My pee spread in several horrible, uncontrollable bursts in my panties, and I buried my face in my pillow to hide from the shame.

Then the pee began running down my legs and it spread on the surface of my sleeping bag, the puddle around me growing at an alarming rate.

And all I could do was smother my sobs while it was happening.

I was pissing my panties. I was pissing my sleeping bag. And Marley was right next to me.

She put a comforting hand on my back as if to say it's okay and that only made my hysteria worse.

I wept harder as the dam broke completely, soaking my panties. It kept on coming, kept streaming down my legs, kept soaking the sleeping bag.

The last few spasms of pee came and I was thoroughly soaked, my panties sagging, the bag thoroughly puddled.

I wept in breathless silence.

And of course, by then, all sounds of animals, predatory or otherwise, had stopped.

“I’m so sorry,” I sobbed, unable to stand that I’d wet my sleeping bag with Marley lying on it.

She continued to pat my back, only making my shame worse. “It’s okay Katie. You held it for so long. You had to.”

I cried harder.

Despite how gross it was we stayed like that for a good long while, huddled in silence, in case any more animals came near the tent.

I cried for what felt like an hour, and we stayed in silence for what felt like even longer.

The minute the sky started to turn light blue Marley felt safe enough to get up out of the soaked sleeping bag.

“Here, let’s get you cleaned up.”

“I am not letting you help me clean up,” I moaned. I couldn’t take any more indignity at all.

But she put on the tough love. “You are so fucking stubborn. I’ve already seen you wet the bed, Katie, I think I can handle it.”

She wasn’t wrong.

I squirmed out of the bag, wiping the tears from my face.

It was all so much worse now that I could see it. The dark puddle filled up so much of the sleeping bag, and definitely would have reached where Marley was lying.

She produced unscented wet wipes and toilet paper from her bag and cleaned herself up first, removing her own panties as if to show me there was nothing to hide out here in the wilderness, wiping down her legs.

By now the first bits of light were starting to appear so she tugged on sweatpants, turned towards me, and said, "Let's go to the creek."

I followed, in a daze.

She led me a far distance from the tent, and then she helped me to remove the dripping panties. I numbly stepped out of them. She stuffed them into a bag and I looked away, unable to handle how mortifying it all was.

But Marley looked relieved to see me finally subdued and compliant. She began to help me wipe down my legs and I'd never felt so humiliated in all my life.

I'd also never felt so good to feel clean in my life.

“I'm sorry I made you do this,” Marley said finally. “It was supposed to be fun. It was supposed to be for us—” she looked a little embarrassed. “To spend more time. Just us.”

I managed to speak now. “I will never take toilets and toilet paper for granted again.”

She laughed lightly.

“And.” I gazed into her eyes with meaning. “Thank you for taking care of me.” Now Marley blushed, but I went on. “Really. Marley. I am so embarrassed. I can’t believe you saw me like that.” My voice cracked a little.

“You don’t have to be embarrassed. Really, Katie. It’s our secret.”

“Well. I won’t forget how you took care of me.”

I swallowed. And finally, I added. “And I will never. Ever. Ever. Go camping again.”

