No Girls Allowed
	(Female Desperation)
Author: The Jester (2011-01-25)

I remember in my junior year at Evergreen High there was a big problem with kids smoking in the bathroom, especially the girls. The girls bathroom was like a smokestack. In fact, many people felt sorry for the non-smoker girls who needed it.

Well anyway, Mr. Dunbar, our old vice-principal, thought he could solve the problem by locking the girls room entirely. This meant none of the girls were allowed to use the bathroom even to relieve themselves. Old stone-face Dunbar had no sympathy whatsoever for their condition. He would often say that they should take care of it before they leave home and cut back on liquids during school hours. Worst case scenario, bring an extra pair of pants to school if need be. I suggested, half-jokingly, that they should issue diapers to the girls every day, needless to say, didn't impress many. Dunbar answered that by sarcastically stating that I would have the job of changing them. I smugly answered, 'Is that a promise, thank you sir!'.

Over the next few months the entire female student body were deprived from bathroom privileges. As a result, many of them had to go on a whole day with a full, uncomfortable bladder. Some of the girls even had accidents. Most were freshmen or sophomores and even a few juniors, some even seniors. Many of these girls were pretty hot so it was kind of pleasurable. I can't get into all of them right now but I do remember this one incident involving an 18 year-old senior who unfortunately wet her panties in class.

Her name was Penny, and man, was she cute. Blondish brown hair, medium height and build, nice, pleasant personality, the whole nine yards. Well, anyway, we had fourth period accounting together and usually when I saw her she was very pleasant and would say hi. This one day, however, she was not wearing her regular smile. She had more like a worried frown on her face and when I asked her 'Hey penny, what's wrong, you're not yourself.'. She answered 'nah, I'm okay'. I could tell that she wasn't though, she seemed to have something on her mind or wasn't feeling well. Or maybe, the obvious. Finally she whispered in my ear that she had to pee really bad and had to hold it all morning. Trying to be consoling, I answered 'well, we have a few more hours.'. She replied 'I don't know if i can wait that long.' When the bell rang, we sat down and the teacher came in and the whole class settled down.

The class was for forty-five minutes but I'm sure for Penny it felt much longer. After about ten minutes, Penny had to go so bad she was having trouble sitting still. She even seemed to have a problem paying attention to the lesson and to speak for myself, neither could I. I couldn't help but look back at her every few seconds as her increasing desperation was turning me on. Another five minutes later, she said to me 'I'm sorry, but I have to pee soooo badly, I never had to go this badly in my life!'. I said 'another half hour in here, maybe walking to your next class will soothe it.'. She said 'when I came in here I had a hard time walking down the hall I had to go so bad.'. she added 'even if I can make it to the end of this period I couldn't go anyway.'.

The look on her face indicated she seemed hopeless. I answered 'maybe you can go home or something.'. Actually, I could have kicked myself for suggesting this. She stated 'I don't have my own car actually, and I can't walk home without getting there in time.'. The fool I was, I offered to bring her home if the need arised. She smiled and said 'oh, thank you, that would be so nice, I just hope i can make it to then.'. This statement really got me aroused but I just felt I needed to be a gentleman.

After another five or minutes, Penny continued to be desperate. she was showing the traditional signs of desperation, fidgeting, shaking her feet, squeezing her bladder, etc. At this point, I even noticed she had tears in her eyes, she undoubtedly had to go really bad and didn't have much time left. It wasn't long after that, about a half hour into class and only fifteen minutes left, Penny just couldn't hold on anymore. despite giving it all she got, she had to let a squirt out and then another.


 After another minute or two, there was a hissing sound coming and then a huge pour from Penny's vagina. Penny was wetting her pants. There was a pretty big flood on the floor around her desk and her seat was completely soaked. Penny was so embarrassed her face turned red and she put her head on the desk. However, I couldn't have been more turned on. She didn't even notice the teacher come by to dismiss her from class because of her accident. then she requested I bring her home and the teacher complied, we went to the office to sign out and headed for my car. Penny kept apologizing for the accident and let on about how embarrassed she was. she also thanked me for being so understanding.

Okay, I went to drive her home and when we got outside her house, Penny invited me in for lunch since we had to skip it the next period and for my kindness. It was pretty surprising, but, you know I accepted that invitation. Of course, the first thing she wanted to do was shower and change clothes. I wanted to suggest helping her but thought she'd be weirded out by that. However, she asked me to pull her soaked panties off her. I adamantly agreed and even played with her wet cunt in the process. Penny let out a gasp then a pleasant moan 'ooh, that feels good, please one more!'. I stuck my finger in there, her cunt was drenched but it felt soooo sexy.

Penny started to kiss me passionately and then she unbuckled my pants. I just hoped she didn't notice my dick getting hard or saw me coming in my pants. 'This may sound weird, but I'm kind of glad this happened.'. I answered 'really, me too.'. 'ooh!'. Her reply was 'you like this, don't you.'. I couldn't say anything else but yes. After we stripped each other, she led me into her bedroom were we spent the afternoon having some wet, passionate and meaningful sex. This had to be the best accident she ever had.

